21	nathan harrell east ( born december 8 , 1955 , philadelphia , pennsylvania ) is a jazz , b and rock bass player and vocalist .
20	) track listing personnel the ( e ) speaking canaries : damon che - guitar , vocals karl hendricks - bass noah leger - drums al sutton - recording engineer '' low-fi version '' an alternate , lower-fidelity recording of songs for the terrestrially challenged was released by mind cure records in 1995 , roughly concurrent with the release of the '' hi-fi version '' on scat records .
24	william herbert '' lum '' york , ( november 16 , 1918 august 15 , 2004 ) was a musician best known as the bass player in hank williams drifting cowboys from 1944 1949 .
7	credits band tyson ritter -- vocals , bass nick wheeler -- lead guitar mike kennerty -- rhythm guitar chris gaylor -- drums additional roles keyboards by kevin saulnier violin on '' fallin ' apart '' by anton patzner angelic choir on '' fallin ' apart '' and '' real world '' by charlotte ritchie gang vocals on '' gives you hell '' by the all-american rejects , jeff sosnow , trevor whatever , brad cole , lonn friend , and seth howard vocals on '' another heart calls '' by catherine & allison pierce .
18	upon his return to california , he renewed his association with dave torbert , who was then playing bass in the new riders of the purple sage .
34	'' members ; vocals anahí dulce maría alfonso herrera maite perroni christian chávez christopher uckermann charly rey -- guitar eddie tellez -- keyboard and piano gonzalo velazquez -- guitar and viola guido laris -- bass , musical director and vocalist luis emilio '' catire '' mauri -- percussion mauricio bicho soto lartigue -- drums discography spanish discography ; studio albums 2004 -- rebelde 2005 -- nuestro amor 2006 -- celestial 2007 -- empezar desde cero 2009 -- para olvidarte de mí portuguese discography ; studio albums 2005 -- rebelde ( edição brasil ) 2006 -- nosso amor rebelde 2006 -- celestial ( versão brasil ) english discography ; studio albums 2006 -- rebels tours 2005 : tour generación rbd tour generación rbd was rbd 's first national tour .
14	the song is also well known for bill wyman 's so-called '' dive-bombing '' bass line at the end of the song .
10	track listing personnel joshua bell , violin edgar meyer , bass sam bush , mandolin ; violin on '' death by triple fiddle '' mike marshall , guitar ; mandola on '' bt '' ; violin on '' death by triple fiddle '' in popular culture the track '' short trip home '' is heard in the richard proenneke documentary alone in the wilderness .
10	his two older brothers mike and jeff were toto 's bass player and drummer , while his father joe is a prolific session percussionist .
11	from the garden version on , it featured a rare fuzz bass solo by jerry scheff .
28	turn up the quiet ( wcs 051 ) ; released in 2010 on whaling city sound ; featured ron gill on vocals , john stein on guitar and bass , and gilad barkan on keyboards .
19	their final lineup was nicky bomba ( drums ) , michael caruana ( keyboards ) , mick girasole ( bass ) , tony kopa ( vocals ) and geoff wells ( guitar ) .
13	musician just another band tommy plays drums , piano , guitar , and bass , and produces his own music .
31	pedigree chump and room for abuse conceived in july 1994 , with almost the same line up as today ( the only difference being that copeland used to double up on bass ) , the band went through a lengthy gestation period ( adding bassist simon bayliss in 1995 , and replacing him with martin holt in 1997 , before emerging with the kicking pigeons in 1998 .
36	vic bondi ( articles of faith ) recording a live album in germany ( 1992 ) personnel articles of faith ( band ) vic bondi - guitar , vocals joe scudari - guitar dave shield - bass , vocals dorian taskbasksh - guitar virus x - drum tobby holzinger - producer liner notes by vic bondi this is the last recording of articles of faith ( band ) .
31	ruiner was a hardcore punk band from baltimore , maryland which consisted of rob sullivan - vocals , tj catalfo - drums , danny porter - guitar , stephen smeal - bass , and dustin thornton - guitar .
2	formed by bass jonathan sullivan and guitar clark fraley , the band originally incorporated singer apollo smile .
13	personnel john lennon vocal , rhythm guitar , harmonica paul mccartney vocal , bass , piano george harrison lead guitar ringo starr drums macdonald said that the vocals were '' credited to lennon and mccartney , but more like the former double-tracked '' , though mccartney can be heard at the end singing '' oh yeah '' on his own , so the original credit is probably correct .
17	the album is the first to feature new members john slick and mark kelly ( keyboards and bass respectively ) .
18	the participants were alf vierth ( vocals ) , björn eriksson ( drums ) , elä malmberg ( bass , background vocals ) , harald berthelsen ( mandolin , tin whistle , background vocals ) , martin linder ( saxophone , background vocals ) , rickard elofsson ( trumpet , background vocals ) , stefan ståhl ( guitar , background vocals ) , svante sörmark ( guitar , background vocals ) and viktor brobacke ( trombone , harmonica , vocals on rätt sätt and background vocals ) .
26	the choir comprises sixteen boy choristers and sixteen girl choristers aged between 8 -- 13 years and six professional lay vicars singing countertenor , tenor and bass .
74	track listing personnel elvis presley -- vocals the jordanaires -- background vocals ann-margret -- vocals on '' the lady loves me '' and '' you 're the boss '' oliver mitchell , james zito -- trumpets herb taylor , randall miller -- trombones boots randolph , william green -- saxophones scotty moore , tiny timbrell , billy strange -- electric guitars dudley brooks -- piano calvin jackson -- piano , organ bob moore -- bass d. j. fontana , buddy harman , frank carlson -- drums dvd releases ; warner home video , august 1 , 2000 .
17	track listing credits karl buechner - vocals scott crouse - guitar erick edwards - guitar bulldog - bass dennis merrick - drums trivia on the back of the album some tracks are mislabeled .
14	christian gerhaher ( born 1969 in straubing ) is a noted german baritone and bass singer in opera and concert , particularly celebrated as a lied singer .
9	'' galaxy of the lost '' features drums , bass , pedal steel and string arrangements from omaha musicians nate walcott and the faint 's drummer clark baechle , as well as backing vocals from emmy the great .
19	members dan curcio - acoustic guitar , vocals chris arntzen - guitar nick bilich - guitar paul smith-stewart - bass john vucinich - drums t bone - harmonica sound still time draws from many different genres such as funk , reggae , folk , and others .
19	moody jones ( april 8 , 1908 - march 23 , 1988 ) was an american blues guitar , bass player , and singer , who is significant for his role in the development of the post-war chicago blues sound in the late 1940s .
13	richard anthony sterban ( born april 24 , 1943 ) is an american bass singer born in camden , new jersey , who joined the country and gospel quartet the oak ridge boys in 1972 .
24	the cycle includes 12 settings of 13 american poems , performed by six singers ( soprano , 2 mezzo-soprano , tenor , baritone , bass ) , both singly and in various combinations .
25	however , american girls featured veterans of the all-women band scene including brie howard who had played drums for fanny and miiko watanabe who played bass with the screamin ' sirens .
10	le hoodoo gurus unorthodox line-up of three guitars and no bass player , fused pop melodies , punk guitars and an american trash culture ethic .
16	often performing solo shows , he is also heard with a band consisting of drums , bass , electric guitar , cello and violin .
7	sabo romo salvador sabo romo is a bass and guitar player , composer and producer .
40	this was done in intervals over a period of time spanning across the rest of the year and into 2003 , using session work ( as with their previous album ) involving keith york on drums and trevor lines on bass .
17	track listing personnel ; muse matthew bellamy lead vocals , guitar , piano , production christopher wolstenholme bass , backing vocals , production dominic howard drums , percussion , artwork , production paul reeve production , mixing on '' cave '' and '' coma '' john cornfield mixing on '' overdue '' and '' escape '' chris davison photography trivia on the cover of the ep is a distorted and re-arranged image of the band 's drummer , dominic howard .
13	the group 's sound , featuring a numbing guitar drone , powerfully throbbing bass , pounding drum machine , and reed 's cavernous vocal tones , caused the lorries ( as their fans came to call them ) to be quickly lumped into the then-developing gothic rock scene by pop journalists , although the band themselves preferred to cite wire as an influence .
34	most of the songs from the enter the realm ep , iced earth , and night of the stormrider were re-sung by matt barlow , and on some of the songs the drums and bass were redone .
18	thirty seconds after jones has started , electric guitar by adam zindani is abruptly introduced , along with bass and drums provided by richard jones and javier weyler , respectively .
27	track listing personnel j. j. johnson , kai winding trombone bob james , herbie hancock , ross tompkins - keyboards george benson - guitar ron carter - bass grady tate - drums other unidentified musicians track 1 : 13 : 56 / 2 : 4 : 27 / 3 : 11 : 19 / 4 : 7 : 30 total : 37 : 12 assigned u.s. catalog number ` sp 3027 ' but not released domestically .
5	vocal range : baritone / bass spider - a pimp and proprietor of '' the red rat '' .
19	wilhelm troszel wilhelm troszel ( 26 august 1823 - 2 march 1887 ) was a polish composer and opera bass .
22	58 , is an extensive ( c. 90 minutes ) vocal-instrumental sacred work for soli ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , choir and orchestra based on the text of an old church hymn with the same name .
21	track listing 1997 cd reissue bonus tracks personnel damon krukowski -- drums dean wareham -- guitar , vocals naomi yang -- bass , vocals on '' another day '' mark kramer -- producer , engineer , '' cheap organ '' on '' is n't it a pity '' ralph carney -- tenor sax on '' decomposing trees '' re-releases rykodisc 1997 remastered by mark kramer and alan douches in 1996 .
48	track listing note : all tracks recorded june 1970 , except for † recorded march 1970 and ‡ recorded late 1969 personnel john fogerty -- lead guitar , lead vocals , piano , saxophone , harmonica , producer , arranger tom fogerty -- rhythm guitar stu cook -- bass doug clifford -- drums russ gary -- engineer bob fogerty -- cover art , design , photography popular culture in the film the big lebowski , jeffrey '' the dude '' lebowski has a cassette of the album in his car stereo .
38	track listing band personnel jon bon jovi ( lead vocals , guitar ) richie sambora ( guitar , backing vocals ) tico torres ( drums ) david bryan ( keyboards , backing vocals ) with hugh mcdonald ( bass , backing vocals ) available on the following formats vhs video cd dvd additional information the concert was originally released on vhs in 1995 , then worldwide on dvd in 2003 .
22	by 1996 the band had found a complete lineup with the addition of damien mcpherson ( vocals ) , mark laliberte ( bass ) , and david germain ( drums ) .
44	track listing all lyrics written by kellin quinn , all music composed by sleeping with sirens personnel ; sleeping with sirens kellin quinn - lead vocals , keyboards brandon mcmaster - lead guitar nick trombino - rhythm guitar , backing vocals justin hills - bass gabe barham - drums , percussion aaron marsh - additional vocals on '' let love bleed red '' .
15	corrado zambelli ( 3 june 1897 - 1 september 1974 ) was an italian classical bass who had an active international singing career in opera and concerts from the 1920s through the 1950s .
5	the song features a virtuoso bass performance by john entwistle .
80	personnel béla fleck -- banjo howard levy -- diatonic harmonica ( tracks 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 , 8-11 ) , synth ( tracks 5 , 11 ) , synthesizers ( tracks 5 , 6 , 8 , 10 ) , piano ( tracks 1-4 , 6 , 7 , 10 ) , jew 's harp ( track 2 ) , güiro ( track 5 ) roy '' future man '' wooten -- synth-axe drumitar victor wooten -- bass camille harrison ( uncredited ) - vocals ( track 6 ) some websites claim additional musicians participated on this album , but these are not supported by the liner notes .
47	the song was released to promote the not of this earth album , recorded by a new line-up which featured long-term members dave vanian and rat scabies , and new members kris dollimore ( guitar ) , allan lee shaw ( guitar ) , and moose ( bass ) .
16	personal information date of birth : 16 july 1981 from : riihimäki , finland instrument : bass influences : dream theater , angra , mr. bungle , testament , faith no more , and cynic .
20	personnel guy picciotto -- vocals , guitar ian mackaye -- vocals , guitar , piano joe lally -- vocals , bass brendan canty -- drums , piano jerry busher -- second drums , percussion bridget cross -- backing vocals kathi wilcox -- backing vocals amy domingues -- cello production produced , recorded , engineered & mixed by fugazi & don zientara cd mastering by chad clark vinyl mastering by john loder jem cohen -- cover design , photography david bryant -- photography steven skovensky -- photography chart positions album awards the argument won the a2im ( american association of independent music ) award for best rock album .
3	alan finney on bass ( ex schoolkids ) and drummer hugh friel , ex slow motion orchestra .
16	flanking kidd on either side would be alan caddy ( guitar ) and brian gregg ( bass ) .
8	the band members are : rob derhak ( bass , vocals ) , al schnier ( guitar , vocals , keyboard ) , chuck garvey ( guitar , vocals ) , vinnie amico ( drums ) , and jim loughlin ( percussion ) .
3	leroy fann ( bass ) -- was shot and killed in new york in november 1973 .
15	personnel george harrison -- double-tracked vocal , lead guitar paul mccartney -- backing vocal , bass john lennon -- backing vocal , rhythm guitar ringo starr -- drums , maracas george martin -- producer norman smith -- engineer a bbc recording of the song was issued in 1995 as a b-side to '' baby it 's you '' .
41	concert the lineup of the grateful dead for this concert -- and for all their concerts from july 1972 to october 1974 -- was jerry garcia on guitar and vocals , bob weir on guitar and vocals , phil lesh on bass and vocals , keith godchaux on keyboards , donna jean godchaux on vocals , and bill kreutzmann on drums .
29	personnel current members shane embury ( napalm death ) -- guitar danny herrera ( napalm death ) -- drums danny lilker ( brutal truth , nuclear assault ) -- bass kevin sharp ( brutal truth , primate ) -- vocals former members buzz osborne ( the melvins , fantômas ) -- guitar discography split cd/7 '' with 324 ( 2006 ) split 7 '' with blood duster ( 2008 ) retroactive abortion retroactive abortion is the first album by venomous concept .
31	in 1916 , roberto firpo , an extremely successful bandleader of the period , cemented the arrangements for standard tango sextet : two bandoneon , two violins , piano and double bass .
8	marie roze was married first to the operatic bass , jule e. perkins .
30	allmusic critic matthew greenwald calls it a '' breezy , infectious pop melody '' with '' choral harmony breaks , '' and particularly praises chris white 's '' melodic '' bass playing .
31	the choirs are abbreviated ch i and ch ii , individual voice parts as s ( soprano ) , a ( alto ) , t ( tenor ) and b ( bass ) .
14	shortly after joining gay dad , bell split from the band to become the bass player for oasis .
22	the trio were joined by arlo bigazzi on friendly game , who in addition to serving as producer , played recorder and bass .
45	zalvia is an alternative rock / folk rock band , from mexico city , mexico , formed in 2008 by friends antonio torres ( lead vocals , guitars ) , yonatán barrueta ( guitars ) , miguel rincón ( drums ) , omar mundo ( bass ) and marco antonio villanueva ( saxophone ) .
17	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for four soloists , soprano , alto , tenor and bass , a four-part choir , flauto traverso , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
8	personnel phil ehart - drums dave hope - bass kerry livgren - guitar , keyboard robby steinhardt - violin , vocals , anvil steve walsh - keyboard , vocals rich williams - guitar re-release the cover art for on the other side .
30	following the ep 's release , the band 's line-up expanded with the additions of rene solomon ( drums ) , garett goddard ( guitar ) and andrew connors ( bass ) .
30	characters roles joe , a gambler , tenor vi , his sweetheart , lyric soprano tom , café entertainer and singer , baritone mike , café proprietor and manager , bass sam , café worker and custodian , baritone sweetpea , café pianist chorus guests as in gershwin 's later opera porgy and bess , all the singing roles are african-american characters .
29	stemming from sao jose dos campos , the band 's original lineup consisted of clovis tito on vocals / guitars , daniel dias on guitar , ivan roman on bass and luis nonaka on drums .
3	elizondo had played bass on two when the pawn tracks , but one reporter had described him as '' a curious departure from brion '' because of his more well-known production work with popular hip hop artists such as 50 cent , dr. dre and eminem .
12	at the request of her headmistress , she was trained by the bass daniel rootham ( father of the composer cyril rootham ) and joined the bristol festival chorus , of which daniel rootham was musical director ) .
19	band members tom farmer ( born thomas laurence farmer , 2 march 1952 , birmingham , england ) - bass , keyboards , vocals dave farmer ( born david anthony farmer , 2 march 1952 , birmingham , england ) - drum eddie golga ( born edward john gogla , 4 september 1951 , birmingham , england ) - guitar , keyboards alan jones ( born alan douglas jones , 5 january 1950 , birmingham , england ) - guitar , vocals later incarnations the band stopped performing live in 1977 but under the name liner recorded a studio album , liner , in 1979 .
7	backed up by randy jackson on the bass , carey appeared on stage as the last head-lining performer of the evening .
4	personnel peter cetera - bass , vocals terry kath - guitar , vocals robert lamm - keyboards , vocals lee loughnane - trumpet , percussion , background vocals , guitar ( '' flight 602 '' , '' where do we go from here ?
15	he was the last and oldest member to join the boy band and was the bass vocalist of the group .
14	the members were tj harris ( vocalist / guitar ) , jason weekly ( bass ) , chris burrow ( drum ) , and derek drye ( guitar ) .
23	giuseppe frezzolini lithograph by josef kriehuber , 1840 giuseppe frezzolini ( 9 november 1789 -- 16 march 1861 ) was an italian operatic bass .
14	track listing personnel band members keith emerson - keyboards greg lake - guitar , bass , vocals carl palmer - percussion , drums production location although the cd booklet states that this performance took place in '' vega baja , san juan '' , this is a production error .
41	an invitation by david braun to record a session with his deluxe records followed in 1947 for the trio and resulted in the release of his debut record , here comes smiley , though papa john french replaced seals and played bass .
17	brandt gustav peterson ( born 1966 ) is an american musician , best known as the original bass player with heatmiser upon its formation in 1992 .
23	history the band formed in early 1977 , with an initial line up of blair hamilton ( vocals ) , greg cowan ( bass ) , colin '' getty '' getgood ( lead guitar ) , and greg 's brothers colin cowan ( drums ) , and martin cowan ( rhythm guitar ) .
15	personnel john lennon -- double-tracked vocal , acoustic rhythm guitar , harmonica paul mccartney -- bass george harrison -- twelve-string lead guitar ringo starr -- drums cover versions the naturals covered it in august 1964 on the beatles record label ( parlophone ) and had a minor hit ( uk number 24 ) .
34	band members gilbert ramos - guitar , vocals ( present ) eddie veliz - guitar , vocals ( present ) ramon michel - drums ( present ) tony castaneda ( t-bag tone ) - bass ( present ) discography ounce of self 1 .
20	since 1999 , the lineup has consisted of hans ( singer ) , herman ( guitar ) , ludwig ( bass ) and erik ( drum ) .
19	tiger shadow are an english alternative hip hop band from leeds , composed of jim tycho ( synthesizers , bass , guitar , backing vocals , orchestration ) and komla mc ( lyrics , lead vocals , drum programming & percussion ) .
7	) hiroyuki '' den '' onishi -- bass ( 1996 -- 1998 , 2011 -- present ) , ( sister 's no future , zigzo , pt. , test-no .
15	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for soprano , tenor and bass soloists and a four-part choir , two oboes da caccia , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
17	george wilson younce ( february 22 , 1930 -- april 11 , 2005 ) was an american bass singer , known for performing with southern gospel quartet , especially the cathedrals .
27	track listing personnel ray charles keyboards , vocals marcus belgrave trumpet john hunt trumpet david newman tenor saxophone , alto saxophone hank crawford baritone saxophone edgar willis bass teagle fleming drums marjorie hendricks vocals the raelets vocal group the track '' yes , indeed '' was recorded live at the newport jazz festival on july 5 , 1958 , with lee harper replacing john hunt on trumpet and richie goldberg replacing teagle fleming on drums .
26	with carlson on fiddle , the band includes greg earnest on banjo , casey cook on guitar , michael smith on mandolin and keith morris on bass all of whom are also members of the atlanta - based bluegrass band the dappled grays .
9	the band consists of tom chong ( vocals and bass ) , rich murphy ( vocals and guitar ) , paul foster ( vocals and guitar ) and nick reynolds ( drum and vocals ) .
30	career 1965-1972 gass and peter green bobby tench formed gass with godfrey and errol mclean in may 1965 , credited as robert tench and featured as vocalist , guitarist and bass player .
5	powers played all instruments ( bass , guitar , drums , keyboard ) , recorded , produced , mixed , and engineered the album himself in his apartment in nashville , tennessee .
11	instead , he used the model from bwv 215 for the bass aria erleucht ' auch meine finstre sinnnen in part v. similarly , the opening chorus to part v , ehre sei dir gott !
39	the band 's sound relies on a variety of vocal and instrumental color by featuring a choir , flute , trumpet , french horn , trombone , violin , viola , cello , percussion , piano , guitars , bass , drums , electronic keyboards and ewi .
49	the group had disbanded in 1980 , but three of the band 's members -- claudio simonetti ( roland jupiter-8 , roland vocoder plus , minimoog , piano , electric piano , oberheim dmx digital drum , roland tr-808 , roland mc4 computer ) , fabio pignatelli ( fender bass normal and fretless ) , and massimo morante ( electric and acoustic guitar ) -- reunited at argento 's request to work on tenebrae .
18	music career tägtgren started playing drums at the age of 9 and later learned to play guitar , bass and keyboard .
40	personnel ; super furry animals gruff rhys -- vocals , guitar , analogs , claps dafydd ieuan -- drums , percussion , vocals , piano , claps cian ciaran -- keyboards , analogs , vocals , claps guto pryce -- bass , hammond , vocals , claps , analogs huw bunford -- guitars , vocals , e-bow , cello , claps ; additional musicians gorwel owen -- piano , hammond , rhodes jez francis -- piano on '' god !
20	when the trio were rags , price ( then known as wesley the stash ) played guitar , aylward played bass , and austin ( then known as napoleon lemens ) played drums .
24	nigel harrison ( born 24 april 1951 , stockport , cheshire , england ) is an english musician , and best known as the bass player of the rock band blondie .
22	the nucleus of the band were andy o ( overall ) on vocals , tim parry on guitar , mike ansell on bass and mickey sparrow on drum .
7	james levesque was best known as the bass player from surf punk band agent orange .
29	ronny & the daytonas were an american surf rock group of the early 1960s , whose members included paul jensen ( vocals , guitar ) , thomas ramey ( bass , guitar ) , lynn williams ( drums ) , lee kraft ( songwriting , guitar ) and john '' bucky '' wilkin ( aka ronny ) ( songwriting , guitar , vocals ) , with contributions from others such as larry butler ( organ ) , ronny clark and buzz cason .
14	oszkár kálmán ( 19 june 1887 - 17 september 1971 ) was a hungarian bass , remembered as the first bluebeard .
38	signed in the u.s. to ! recordings for the act 's fourth and final official full-length album to date , interference ( 1998 ) was a departure from cubanate 's earlier techno experiments with a strong drum and bass influence that alienated some of their traditionalist fans but was heralded as revelatory by others .
9	the band consisted of jo lloyd ( vocals , bass , and piano ) , james wright ( guitar ) , and dave magee ( drums ) .
12	static thought includes urbach on guitar and vocals , johaan hill on bass and vocals , aaron younce on guitar and vocals , and drew cueva on drums .
10	although largely forgotten now apart from its great aria for bass , '' di sposo , di padre '' , the opera 's rare 20th century revivals include those in rio de janeiro at the theatro municipal in 1946 ( attended by gomes ' daughter and broadcast on brazilian radio ) , são paulo at the theatro municipal in 1977 , and at new york city 's amato opera in 1987 .
12	pensa custom guitars is an american company that manufactures electric guitar and bass in handmade fashion .
10	their version strips the musical arrangement down to guitar , bass , and drums , and uses a slightly faster tempo , yet maintains the song 's melodic structure .
20	the group consists of tom barber ( vocals ) , adam de micco ( guitar ) , gary herrera ( bass ) and austin archey ( drums ) .
18	track listing personnel don mcglashan -- guitar , voice , euphonium ross burge -- drums alan gregg -- bass , voice david long -- guitars jan hellriegel - backing vocals on '' nature '' awards the album won best album at the 1993 new zealand music awards .
26	bingham 's bandmates , the dead horses , are matthew smith ( drums ) , corby schaub ( guitar and mandolin ) and elijah ford ( bass ) .
36	personnel ( montreux ) albert king - electric guitar and vocals donald kinsey - electric guitar rick watson - tenor saxophone norville hodges - trumpet wilbur thompson - trumpet james washington - organ bill rennie - bass sam king - drums montreux recording by sr ( radio suisse ) staff .
5	for instance a drum , bass and guitar track might comprise a single scene .
9	the lapse had leo on guitar and yasuda on bass with both handling vocals .
14	personnel wayne draves - drums sean wood -- guitar vocals former erin wood -- bass greg t -- keyboard ( former ) darren benson - keyboard ( former ) ernie quintero - keyboard ( former ) joe pestilence - keyboard ( former ) nick markel - keyboard ( former ) broose young -- drunken background vocals stylie lance phelps - drums ( former ) discography singles 1 .
29	these elements could be the melody , the counter-melody , the phrase and break in the melody , the beat , the back beat , the drum , the bass , the keys of the piano and any other musical or rhythmic components .
11	track listing hola chau personnel vicentico -- vocals flavio cianciarulo -- bass ariel minimal -- guitar mario siperman -- keyboards fernando ricciardi -- drums daniel lozano -- trumpet & flugelhorn fernando albareda -- trombone gerardo '' toto '' rotblat -- percussion former members sergio rotman -- saxophone & backing vocals vaino rigozzi -- guitar luciano jr. -- backing vocals naco goldfinger -- backing vocals guests josé bale -- percussion pablo puntoriero -- saxophone & flute gustavo liamgot -- electric piano & accordion juan pablo quiroga -- backing vocals dvd a special 2-dvds set with full footage of the concerts was released in 2006 .
22	history the trio comprised anne-marie heighway ( vocals ) , david rome ( guitar , vocals ) , and paul edgley ( bass ) .
36	personnels jonathan lewis - lead vocals adele legere - female vocals ty semaka - lyrics , monkeys and laughing sounds anita miotti - little girl voice reed shimozawa - lead guitar jonathan lewis - drums , bass and all other sounds the song was co-arranged by ty semaka and jonathan lewis ( who also recorded , mixed and mastered the song ) .
31	the members of the group johnny keyes ( tenor lead ) , thurman '' ray '' ramsey ( tenor ) , fred rakestraw ( tenor ) , and willie myles ( bass ) , were mentored by a local disc jockey , the magnificent montague .
10	credits elizabeth fraser -- vocals robin guthrie -- guitar , bass , drum machine ; additional personnel jon turner -- engineer 23 envelope -- artwork , art direction , design '' ally '' is thanked for saxophone on '' five ten fiftyfold '' .
7	the song is dominated by a heavy bass line and features synthesizer .
14	the brothers cazimero are a hawaiian music duo made up of robert cazimero on bass and roland cazimero on twelve string guitar .
6	contact mixed percussion and drums with bass and rock beats , and the first single , '' la caderona '' ( '' the big-hipped woman '' ) , had success similar to '' mi bombón '' .
10	in 1939 , she met , and later married , bass player calvin ponder ( october 17 , 1917 - december 26 , 1970 ) , who went on to play in earl hines ' band .
16	the band forms with olivia as lead vocalist , stella as lead guitarist , mo as bass guitarist , wen as keyboardist , and charlie as drummer , but they are unable to choose a band name .
25	line-up tanja lainio -- vocals ( joined in 2002 ) sami leppikangas -- lead guitar sauli kivilahti -- guitar kimmo '' heavy '' hiltunen -- bass ( joined in 1998 ) jukka outinen -- drums ( joined in 1999 ) discography albums sweet desire ( 1999 ) be my god ( 2001 ) crucify my heart ( 2003 ) vol .
14	ivo vinco ( 8 november 1927 -- 8 june 2014 ) was an italian bass opera singer who enjoyed a successful international career .
19	scoring and structure the work is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , four-part choir , two violin , viola , two cello , and basso continuo .
37	line up björk guðmundsdóttir ( vocals , keyboard ) einar örn benediktsson ( vocals , trumpet , flugelhorn ) sigtryggur baldursson ( drums ) fridrik erlingsson ( guitar ) þór eldon ( guitar ) bragi ólafsson ( bass ) margrét ( magga ) örnólfsdóttir ( keyboard ) - 1989 + .
13	collaborations appeared on the 2005 herman dune album not on top , playing bass and providing vocals provided vocals for several tracks on the 1999 album the moon by the wooden stars provided vocals on snailhouse 's 2001 album the opposite is also true contributed vocals on baby eagle 's 2007 no blues contributed vocals to attack in black 's song '' i 'm a rock '' on the autumnal tour 2008 7 '' contributed vocals on daniel romano 's 2013 album come cry with me discography studio albums broken girl \* ( sub pop , sappy ) -- 1996 ( reissued by jagjaguwar with the '' dog love , pt .
6	his voice can be categorised as bass , bass-baritone or basso cantante .
6	in ibiza , abuelo had met bass player cachorro lópez , who was a popular session musician with reggae and funk bands .
14	the choral arrangement of four voices ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) has since become common in western music .
26	the live lineup is lovegrove on lead vocals and guitar ; rodney fisher on vocals , lead guitar , mandolin and percussion ; rio hemopo on bass and vocals ; tom atkinson on drums ; and clark on turntables , samples , and vocals .
37	davis assembled his first regular quintet to meet a commitment at the café bohemia in july , by september the line-up stabilizing to john coltrane on tenor saxophone , red garland on piano , paul chambers on bass , and philly joe jones on drums .
35	-- mem ` ries no. 6 -- finale -- mem ` ries cast information the original cast was : amandus ( tenor ) -- charles hildesley amanda ( soprano ) -- josephine findlay piscator ( bass ) -- eric lewis at the end of july 1886 , amandus was taken over by charles wilbraham .
35	for the comic book character , see clark kent michael richard wittig ( b. august 21 , 1976 ) is an american christian music who is best known as '' kalel '' , the former bass player for the dove awards winning and grammy nominated christian hard rock band pillar .
6	personnel paul mccartney -- vocal , bass , piano john lennon -- rhythm guitar george harrison -- lead guitar ringo starr -- drums , chocalho george martin -- producer norman smith -- engineer macdonald was not sure whether mccartney or harrison played the lead guitar solo .
12	current members are michela grena ( voice ) , paolo baldini ( bass ) , gp ennas ( drums ) , filippo buresta ( keyboards ) and manuel tomba ( mixing ) .
10	track listing personnel phil ehart - drums dave hope - bass kerry livgren - guitar , keyboard robby steinhardt - violin , vocals , anvil , lead vocals on '' angels have fallen '' , '' how my soul cries out for you '' and '' stay out of trouble '' steve walsh - keyboard , vocals rich williams - guitar production producer : kansas engineers : brad aaron , davey moiré , steve tillisch , david pinkston assistant engineer : les horn charts album - billboard ( north america ) singles - billboard ( north america ) the album also reached # 27 on the swedish charts during a 3-week stay on the charts , kansas 's highest charting album overseas .
22	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
18	the voices are abbreviated s for soprano , a for alto , t for tenor , b for bass .
36	recordings esterházy : harmonia caelestis -- mária zádori , márta fers ( soprano ) , katalin gémes ( mezzo-soprano ) , katalin károlyi ( contralto ) , gábor kállay ( tenor ) , józsef moldvay ( bass ) ; savaria vocal ensemble , capella savaria , conducted by pál németh .
44	track listing original album 2005 cd bonus tracks personnel production glyn johns producer , engineer stuart stawman engineer ethan johns - additional engineering joolz denby cover design francesca sullivan cover photography musicians justin sullivan vocals , guitar robert heaton drums jason 'moose ' harris bass mark feltham harmonica on '' poison street '' and '' ballad '' trivia the slogan '' only stupid bastards use heroin '' can be read on top of the jacket shown on the front-cover , although some parts are hidden by the belt .
25	arnold van mill ( march 26 1921 , schiedam - october 5 , 1996 , hamburg ) was a dutch opera singer who specialised in bass .
3	david peña ( bass ) completed the quartet in 1989 .
35	lawrence , martin duffy and gary ainge had moved to brighton from birmingham in 1988 ; but as marco thomas had remained in the midlands , robert young from primal scream was invited to play bass on the recording .
14	however , in its fullest form the omnibus progression involves a descent in the bass which traverses a whole octave and includes every note of the chromatic scale .
27	'' track listing personnel ; in flames mikael stanne -- lead vocals jesper strömblad -- guitar , keyboards , drums glenn ljungström -- guitar johann larsson -- bass carl näslund - guitar ; guests musicians ylva wåhlstedt -- violin , viola jennica johansson - vocal appearance oscar dronjak -- vocal appearance ; technical personnel all music by jesper strömblad and glenn ljungström ( except '' hårgalåten '' , traditional song ) .
19	127 ( persian : ١٢٧ ) is an iran five piece band -- guitar , piano , trombone , bass and drums -- with roots in iranian melodies and jazz with an alternative sound .
16	chart positions personnel aaron lewis -- vocals , guitar mike mushok -- guitar johnny april -- bass jon wysocki -- drums johnny k -- producer , hammond organ , piano john pirruccello -- pedal steel guitar rick barnes -- slide guitar stevie blacke -- strings and orchestration additional vocals by : vernard burton , emoni wilkins , sharlisa brooks , zita smith , lajuanese robertson , and carya holmes-brown .
19	personnel nick drake - vocals and guitar john cale -- celeste , piano and hammond organ dave pegg -- bass mike kowalski -- drums references sources dann , trevor ( 2006 ) .
6	it was their first album with bass player steve rapp and continued the band 's style of fast , abrasive punk rock with tongue-in-cheek humor and sarcastic lyrics .
32	matt shultz was raised in bowling green , kentucky , along with high school friends and other band members , his older brother brad shultz ( guitar ) , daniel tichenor ( bass , backing vocals ) , lincoln parish ( ex lead guitar ) , and jared champion ( drums , percussion ) .
17	some of these musical instruments are highlighted , such as guitar , violin , electric guitar , bass , drums , flute , djs , and many others .
28	black emperor was formed in 1994 in montreal , quebec , by efrim menuck ( guitar ) , mike moya ( guitar ) , and mauro pezzente ( bass ) .
18	personnel garm -- vocals øystein g. brun -- acoustic & electric guitar ivar bjørnson -- keyboard infernus -- bass grim -- drums production arranged by borknagar ; all songs copyright control .
19	in 1985 , the young gales began to play at blues competitions with his brother eugene backing him on bass .
25	line up the band was initially composed of : tito larriva ( lead vocals / guitar ) charlie quintana ( drums ) barry mcbride ( bass / backing vocals ) this lineup recorded the band 's first album , electrify me ( 1979 ) .
39	side one side two bonus tracks once again was remastered and reissued by harvest in 2002 with several bonus tracks : personnel ; barclay james harvest john lees -- vocals , guitar , recorder les holroyd -- vocals , bass , guitars , keyboards stuart '' woolly '' wolstenholme -- vocals , mellotron , keyboards mel pritchard -- drums , percussion ; additional personnel the barclay james harvest symphony orchestra alan parsons -- jaw harp on '' lady loves '' engineer : peter bown cover designed by latimer reeves and based on an enlarged section of the design for the debut album .
21	their earlier work is noted for genre-crossing stylings , distorted , morose , and at times alien lyrics , distinctive funk bass lines , and extensive use of lo-fi recording practices .
10	members fermin muguruza : guitar and vocals íñigo muguruza : bass treku armendariz : drums kaki arkarazo : guitar ( from 1988 ) discography ( no title ) ( soñua , 1985 ) together with cicatriz , jotakie and kontuz-hi !
21	in 1952 he formed his own group , the bellboys , with jack kane ( saxophone ) , frankie brent ( bass / guitar ) , russ conti ( piano ) , chick keeney ( drum ) , and jerry mayo ( trumpet ) .
54	prima was backed by his las vegas group , sam butera & the witnesses , in its original line-up : sam butera ( tenor sax ) , james '' red '' blount ( trombone ) , william '' willie '' mccumber ( piano ) , jack marshall ( guitar ) , amado rodriques ( bass ) and robert '' bobby '' morris ( drums ) .
9	stéphan bertholio aka stéphano -- banjo , keys , bass , glockenspiel , ukulele , baritone guitar , lapsteel , musical saw , melodica ( backliner , then official member since 2002 ) stéphan worked as the band 's backliner on tour , but joined officially during the recording of monsters in love .
18	many instruments may be incorporated into the music , but the overall sound is defined by a definitive bass or drum beat and electric guitar .
13	personnel rufus wainwright -- vocals , piano , string arrangement jeff hill -- bass jim keltner -- drums yves desrosiers -- banjo , guitar pierre marchand -- string arrangements stephanie allard -- violin jean-marc leblanc -- violin melanie belair -- violin genevieve beaudry -- violin julie dupras -- viola wilma hos -- viola veronique potuin -- viola greg hay -- viola carla antoun -- cello christine giguere -- cello jean paquin -- french horn pierre savoie -- french horn normand forget -- oboe appearances apart from being the opening and closing track on poses , a live performance of '' cigarettes and chocolate milk '' from central park summerstage appeared on wainwright 's 2005 music dvd , all i want .
26	history kaledon was formed in late 1998 by guitar alex mele , after he ceased activity with his former band river of change , together with bass player paolo lezziroli and rhythm guitarist tommy nemesio .
10	this is the first excel recording with shaun ross on bass and greg saenz on drums , and also the only one that includes its homonym song .
15	barth launched babyface around the same time , with colorado drummer bobby miles , california bass mike turpin , and wisconsin keyboardist edgar riley , jr . this band went through a few member changed and recorded their first and only record for now-defunct asi records .
31	premiere performance the premiere performance of the origin was conducted by julie pretzat and featured soprano jacqueline horner from the a cappella quartet , anonymous 4 ; tenor todd graber ; bass eric johnson ; the women 's vocal ensemble , kitka ; the suny oswego college choir ; oswego college-community orchestra ; and the oswego festival chorus .
10	palmer was replaced by arturo bassick , who remains the bass player with 999 to this date .
12	john lennon - vocals , lead guitar paul mccartney - vocals , bass george harrison - rhythm guitar ringo starr - drums the former beatles member , pete best , also released a cover of the song on his 1965 album , '' best of the beatles '' .
16	scoring the work is scored for four solo voices ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , choir , children 's choir , organ and orchestra .
44	history formation and early history ( 2000 -- 2003 ) in 2000 long-time band mates michael eriksen ( vocals ) and brothers mats ( guitar ) and truls haugen ( drums ) were joined by keyboard player espen storø and glen cato møllen on bass to form circus maximus .
22	felipe de nóbrega ribeiro , better known as bi ribeiro ( march 30 , 1961 in rio de janeiro ) is a bass player .
22	upon leaving lane technical high school , daily left home to try to carve out a life as a musician , playing bass with jazz band in numerous clubs across the midwest .
28	at the time , he was being pressured to make a statement about racial issues in the u.s. personnel jimi hendrix -- vocals , guitars noel redding -- bass mitch mitchell -- drums the recording was engineered by eddie kramer and produced by chas chandler .
18	track listing singles call me personnel jyrki 69 -- vocals timo-timo -- guitar bazie -- guitar archzie -- bass jussi 69 -- drums notes the title track '' wrap your troubles in dreams '' was re-recorded and included on the american release of the 2007 album angels .
9	instead bernard edwards , the producer , played all bass parts on living in fear , and took over as the group 's official fourth member .
5	his main instrument is the bass .
21	track listing personnel anja orthodox - vocal , lyrics paweł pieczyński - guitar , keyboards , backing vocal krzysztof najman - bass , backing vocal , keyboards piotr pawłowski - drums michał rollinger - keyboards edyta bartosiewicz - backing vocal stanisław bokowy , dariusz boral , romuald kunikowski , maciej możdżeń , tomasz wojciechowski - keyboards music - closterkeller .
13	in 1970 , dave torbert replaced phil lesh as the new riders ' bass player , and spencer dryden replaced mickey hart on drums .
18	it was recorded with a completely new band i.e. michał grymuza ( guitars ) , radosław zagajewski ( bass ) , krzysztof palczewski ( keyboard ) .
25	the founding members consisted of peter burtz on vocals , axel rudi pell on guitar , tom eder also on guitar , volker krawczak on bass and jan yildiral on drums .
19	members 20 bulls each are : gareth cummins -- guitar , vocals gavin husselbury -- guitar adrian borrowski -- bass paul duffy -- drums oliver issac - guitar current activity 20 bulls each ( sometimes known as 20be ) are currently planning a release of their next full length album with thorp records in the us in 2011 .
16	members current rodney browning cravens - lead guitar , songwriter ( 1993 -- present ) - bass , songwriter ( 1993 -- 2005 , 2008 -- present ) george pendergast - drums , songwriter ( 1993 -- 1998 , 2008 -- present ) jim wood - keyboards , songwriter ( 1996 -- present ) justin fox - lead vocals , songwriter ( 2008 -- present ) justin fox justin david fox ( born august 17 , 1979 ) is the lead singer for dishwalla .
42	musical career formed in the early 1930s in kinston , north carolina , the group initially featured william brown ( lead tenor ) , julius davis ( tenor ) , louis '' panella '' david ( baritone ) and lewis herring ( bass ) , all former farmers .
35	track listing personnel spencer sotelo -- lead vocals misha '' bulb '' mansoor -- guitar , programming , production jake bowen -- guitar , programming alex bois -- guitar , backing vocals tom murphy -- bass , backing vocals matt halpern -- drums , percussion guest musicians pete '' peteyg '' graves of red seas fire - programming on '' icarus lives !
15	members alex sardui - voice haimar arejita - electric and acoustic guitar mikel caballero - bass gaizka salazar - drum other members of the lives iñigo san anton - rhythm guitar ( 2002 - 2009 , continuously ) .
14	the band was formed in may 1988 by dominic stones drum , denise roughan bass , keyboards , tambourine , vocals david saunders guitar , vocals the band 's name referred to the members names all starting with '' d '' .
17	personnel harry nilsson - vocals caleb quaye - guitar ian duck - acoustic guitar herbie flowers - bass roger pope - drums jim gordon - percussion dannii minogue version dannii minogue recorded the song in 1994 with uk dance producers dna .
31	biography hades were formed in bergen , norway in 1992 by former immortal guitar jørn inge tunsberg and ex-dark drummer remi andersen ; they were later joined by janto garmanslund on bass and second guitarist wilhelm nagel .
62	david bowie recording track listing a. '' wild is the wind '' ( ned washington , dimitri tiomkin ) -- 5 : 58 b. '' golden years '' ( david bowie ) -- 3 : 22 production credits producer : harry maslin david bowie musician : david bowie : vocals , guitar carlos alomar , earl slick : guitar george murray : bass dennis davis : drum roy bittan : piano live versions a live recording from the bbc radio theatre , london , on 27 june 2000 , was released on a bonus disc accompanying the first release of bowie at the beeb in 2000 .
43	background spectrum was formed in melbourne in 1969 by mike rudd , a new zealand - born singer , songwriter and guitarist ( ex - chants r & b , the party machine , sons of the vegetal mother ) , together with bass bill putt ( gallery , the lost souls ) , organist lee neale ( ex-nineteen 87 ) , and drummer mark kennedy .
30	these ensembles may be for any combination of instruments , but the most common line-up is trumpet , alto sax , tenor sax , trombone , guitar , piano , bass and drums , with guitar occasionally making way for another horn , for example baritone sax .
6	his replacement was alex baracco ( bass ) .
23	the group formed after lead vocalist , guitarist , and songwriter sal baglio and drummer mark cuccinello were joined by stephen gilligan on bass , and dave friedman on keyboards .
23	the costumed hosts of the show were fleegle ( guitar , vocals ) , bingo ( drums , vocals ) , drooper ( bass , vocals ) and snorky ( keyboards , effect ) .
29	the other members of afrodizz include vocalist vance payne -- who performs songs in english , yorùbá and other languages of nigeria -- as well as françois plante ( bass ) , jean-philippe goncalves ( drums ) , françois vincent ( percussion ) , david carbonneau ( trumpet ) , frèdé simard ( tenor sax ) , and françois glidden ( baritone sax ) .
55	track listing and formats cd single 7 '' / cassette single uk cassette single ( 1995 ) uk cd single ( 1995 ) credits and personnel madonna -- songwriter , producer patrick leonard -- songwriter , producer , arranger bill meyers -- arranger bruce gaitsch -- acoustic guitar chester kamen -- guitar guy pratt -- bass , drum programming chuck findley -- arranger , brass donna de lory -- background vocals niki haris -- background vocals paulinho da costa -- percussion herb ritts -- cover art photographer credits and personnel adapted from like a prayer album liner notes .
2	he played bass with san francisco punk band the avengers , but become better known as the lead guitar for stockton crooner chris isaak 's band silvertone .
10	track listing credits scott lucas -- vocals , guitar , bass ( listed as scott lucas : ?
19	'' the beatles personnel john lennon double-tracked lead vocal , rhythm guitar , handclapping paul mccartney backing vocal , bass , handclapping george harrison backing vocal , lead guitar , handclapping ringo starr drums , cowbell , handclapping george martin producer norman smith engineer the carpenters the carpenters ' version resembles an old 1950s rock & roll song .
20	deyan vatchkov ( ) , born april 8 , 1979 , in sofia , bulgaria is a bulgarian opera singer bass .
45	the band consists of james mason ( lead vocals , guitar ) , christian mason ( guitar , lap steel , backing vocals ) , ben willson ( piano , keyboards , rhodes piano , organ , backing vocals ) , and patrick strollo ( bass ) .
22	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , tromba da tirarsi ( slide trumpet ) , two oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
22	the line-up on this album was : vesna vrandečić ( vocals ) , robert funčić ( guitar ) , marinko radetić ( bass ) and joško serdarević ( drums ) .
7	it is used to create guitar , bass and ukulele tablature score , among many others .
42	notable singers to perform with russell 's san carlo opera company included soprano fély dereyne , alice nielsen , lillian nordica , and tarquinia tarquini ; tenor florencio constantino , riccardo martin , and umberto sacchetti ; contralto rosa olitzka ; and bass andrés de segurola .
8	dean dinning of toad the wet sprocket plays bass on '' johnny '' , '' strollin ' '' and '' time passes '' .
21	philip spalding ( born 19 november 1957 , london , england ) also known as phil spalding , is an english bass player .
11	vocal casting included 2 soprano , 2 tenor , countertenor , bass and boy 's choir .
12	trident features kingfish co-founders matthew kelly on guitar and dave torbert on bass .
9	she plays guitar , piano , cello , and bass .
15	personnel the distillers brody dalle - vocals , guitar kim '' chi '' fuellman - bass , vocals rose casper - guitar matt young - drums additional personnel ronnie king - piano on '' ask the angels '' additional notes sometime after the final track , '' the blackest years '' , there is a hidden track .
15	thornton himself took part in the production of early material for the project , playing bass , guitar , and keyboards on many of the tracks .
15	personnel john lennon -- double-tracked vocal , rhythm guitar paul mccartney -- backing vocal , bass george harrison -- backing vocal , lead guitar ringo starr -- drums george martin -- producer norman smith -- engineer covers performed by julian lennon on his 1985 valotte tour .
9	chart performance weekly charts year-end charts personnel sting - bass , lead and backing vocals andy summers - guitar stewart copeland - drums b-side '' dead end job '' , the b-side of '' ca n't stand losing you '' , is based on a riff copeland wrote in high school .
33	the recording took place at sear sound studios , new york , in collaboration with such musicians as ryan kisor ( trumpet ) , igor butman ( saxophone ) , ugonna okegwo ( bass ) and gene jackson ( drums ) .
44	modiste ) , clerk in the hat shop ( soprano ) -- fritzi scheff count henri de bouvray ( baritone ) -- william pruette etienne de bouvray , nephew of the count ( tenor ) -- walter percival hiram bent , american entrepreneur ( bass ) -- claude gillingwater fanchette and nanette , mme .
20	personnel nathan ells - vocals , lyrics a.j. minette - guitar , piano dean herrera - guitar kenny arehart - bass brett powell - drums sons of nero - artwork in popular culture an 8-bit remix of '' crossing the rubicon '' is used as the theme song for the angry joe show , an internet video game review series hosted by joe vargas .
33	history initial career ( 1997 -- 2001 ) eric wilson and bud gaugh met in childhood ( in 1979 ) and later started their first garage punk band , consisting of drums , bass and vocals .
49	in his 2009 book , tenor : history of a voice , john potter refers to this type of voice as '' tenor-bass '' and notes that several virtuoso singers of the 17th century who were described as '' tenors '' by their contemporaries could also sing in the bass register : giulio caccini , giuseppino cenci , giovanni domenico puliaschi and francesco rasi .
9	these include a guitar peripheral for lead guitar and bass gameplay , a drum kit peripheral , and up to three microphone using the same vocal harmony technology as .
16	personnel art pepper -- alto saxophone hampton hawes -- piano , electric piano charlie haden -- bass shelly manne -- drums sources richard cook & brian morton .
11	at the time , it featured heyn van de geyn on bass and dré pallemaerts on drums .
13	track listing instrumentation the song is based around cake 's standard guitar , bass , and drums setup , with flourishes of solo trumpet , and john mccrea 's characteristically deadpan , driving vocals .
11	the sextet included saxophonist roscoe mitchell , trumpet lester bowie and bass malachi favors maghostut , who over the next year went on to play together as the roscoe mitchell art ensemble .
26	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is '' lavishly scored '' for the feast day , for three soloists , alto , tenor and bass , a four-part choir only in the chorale , two corni da caccia , two oboe , taille ( tenor oboe ) , three solo violin , three solo viola , three solo cello and basso continuo .
1	a bass with a rich , smooth and sonorous voice , he spent 22 seasons at new york 's metropolitan opera , appearing in more than 750 performances of 50 operas .
17	the band included future iron maiden member janick gers on guitar as well as andy carr on bass and dickie fliszar on drums .
26	career the band was formed in 1986 with todd park mohr on guitar and vocals , brian nevin on drum and vocals and rob squires on bass and vocals .
42	jessica phillips of country weekly magazine gave the album four stars out of five , saying that it followed in the formula set by turner 's previous three albums , adding that its song selection '' complements josh 's booming , polished bass voice better than those on albums past '' despite also saying that the album '' takes few new risks .
26	the new band consisted of pekka kokko performing vocals and guitar , antti kokko on lead guitar , pasi hiltula on keyboards , altti veteläinen on bass , and petri sankala on drums .
11	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for bass , oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
29	gojira is composed of joe duplantier on vocals and rhythm guitar , his brother mario duplantier on drums , christian andreu on lead guitar , and jean-michel labadie on bass .
29	various roxy music members were involved in the recordings , including paul thompson on drums , eddie jobson on violin and synthesizer , john gustafson and john porter on bass , and phil manzanera on guitar .
29	current members taylor '' tay '' jardine -- vocals , keyboards jordan eckes - rhythm guitar , vocals cameron hurley - lead guitar , backing vocals mike ferri - bass robert '' rob '' chianelli - drums discography studio albums eps guaranteed to disagree ( 2010 ) singles guest singles 2012 '' finite '' ( a loss for words ) 2012 '' here i am alive '' ( yellowcard ) 2012 '' telescope '' ( yellowcard , alex gaskarth & cassadee pope ) 2013 '' just give me a reason '' ( alex goot ) 2013 '' i hope you know '' ( plug in stereo ) music videos tours 2010 -- vans warped tour opened for hey monday and cartel on their co-headlining fall tour alongside the ready set and this century .
2	he played bass for a three-piece jazz combo for a few years , but he eventually got a spot playing rhythm guitar for otis rush .
20	the current members are : dave '' brownsound '' baksh , ( vocals , guitar ) , vaughn lal ( bass , backing vocals ) , johnny owens ( drums ) , chuck coles ( guitar ) , and cess rock ( live percussion ) .
5	paul mccartney harmony vocal , bass george harrison harmony vocal , lead guitar ringo starr drums george martin piano covers in 1965 , the beach boys covered '' tell me why '' on their beach boys ' party ! album .
22	tracks band members connor lovat-fraser -- vocals jeff davis -- guitar , vocals rob pasalic -- guitar , vocals dave costa -- bass , vocals ben arseneau -- drums additional personnel engineering and mixing by joe higgins and matt walbroehl .
4	it was written for bass voice in the key of major , but the key moves repeatedly through various major to minor tonalities , ending in c major .
15	herbert alsen ( sometimes ahlsen ) ( 1906 -- 1978 ) was a german operatic bass of formidable volume and stature .
19	track list personnel nick cope -- vocals mark cope -- guitar nick burton -- lead guitar karl shale -- bass john halliday - drums reception stephen thomas erlewine of allmusic writes '' the record is filled with alternately crunching and ringing guitar hooks and pretty melodies '' and '' has a raw , infectious energy '' but '' is hampered by undistinguished and uneven songwriting , as well as predictable melodies '' .
7	he studied music , first playing the bass before moving to the saxophone , flute , and percussion .
6	he learned to play guitar , bass and drums .
26	'' history atticus recruited his younger brother leopold ross to play drums and bad religion member and epitaph records owner brett gurewitz to play guitar and bass .
24	the band 's members were graham williams ( guitar , vocals ) , chris petty ( guitar , vocals ) , hywell maggs ( bass , vocals ) and jon jesson ( drums , vocals ) .
18	balawan developed the same progression with stanley jordan , that he is able to produce a piano , bass and guitar at the same time using just one instrument .
10	cavallo plays multiple instruments and has professional credits for his bass , keyboard , organ , piano , guitar and percussion work .
25	during the australian leg of the tour , the band was composed of jay barclay on guitar , keyboard & vocals , dan horne on bass & vocals , and mark stepro continuing his previous roles .
8	footnotes members current lineup jello b. afro - bass and vocals mike mess - guitar and vocals trace element - drums and vocals other members pat fear doug graves el fee al bum pick z. stix bruce wingate greg hetson steven shane mcdonald ken dector ronnie barnett kim shattuck duke seino randy robbins john butler ken stringfellow viv vacuum jim laspesa el swe victor m. surrounded discography white flag has a large discography .
34	history 1975 -- 1978 : painted lady in 1975 , school friends and neighbors from wandsworth , south london , kim mcauliffe ( rhythm guitar , vocals ) and dinah 'enid ' williams ( bass , vocals ) formed an all-girl rock cover band called painted lady , together with tina gayle on drums .
32	the band lineup consists of derek archambault ( vocals ) , jay maas ( guitar ) , jake woodruff ( guitar ) , joe longobardi ( drums ) and mike poulin ( bass ) .
9	trevor hutchinson with lúnasa trevor hutchinson is an british bass player and a founding member of lúnasa .
20	scoring and structure the work in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboes d'amore , solo violins ( the second one only for a later performance ) , two violins , viola , and basso continuo .
13	they selected the britons steve chapman ( drums ) and charlie harrison ( bass ) ( former judas jump ) , both of whom had played together with leo sayer and al stewart , to round out their new quartet .
21	20th century and beyond in the early 20th century , revivals of the opera were associated particularly with the famous russian bass feodor chaliapin : he sang the title role on the occasion of his first appearance outside russia ( la scala , milan , 16 march 1901 ) and also on his north american debut ( metropolitan opera , new york , 20 november 1907 ) .
8	personnel andy summers : guitar rob giles : bass , drums , vocals dan epand : drums on 3 , 12 , 13 reception allmusic praised the album 's style as '' articulate and progressive power pop being played in a musical landscape otherwise littered with large chamber folk ensembles and over-processed electro-pop acts '' .
14	members joe reo vocals rob freeman guitar , vocals mike saffert guitar chris amato bass spencer peterson drums former members derek reilly drums kenny ryan guitar jay snyder drums will garlick guitar discography albums life in dreaming ( 2005 ) resolution ( 2007 ) eps find ( 2001 ) ( 2002 ) hidden in plain view ( 2003 ) non-album tracks '' mr. jones '' released on ( 2004 ) '' hot 'n' sexy '' released on the b-side of the 7 '' vinyl single '' ashes ashes '' ( 2004 ) '' christmas song '' released on happy holidays from drive-thru records ( 2004 ) '' bleed for you '' -- released on punk the clock vol .
18	personnel patrick currier - vocals karl bareham - guitar chris moorhead - guitar / keys alex leeder - bass steven durham - drums george fafalios - director , editing hannah clayton - costume mark fafalios , lewis jones - gaffer .
43	the original members of super 8 cum shot , performing on the recording are : john kamys aka jinx titanic vocals , jeff kust aka g.i. tarbaby barbra guitar , mitch marlow aka machine gun garafalo guitar , chris sewell aka dax malkovich bass , timothy ford aka posey ( t-mint ) parker drums .
26	track listing personnel lester young - saxophone roy eldridge - trumpet vic dickenson - trombone teddy wilson - piano freddie green - guitar gene ramey - bass jo jones - drums references sources gridley , mark c. jazz styles : history & analysis .
6	he was best known as the bass of motown group the four tops , which he joined in 1953 and continued to perform with for over five decades , until april 8 , 2005 .
5	seeking to master guitar , bass , and keyboard , he formed local bands and created a demo tape of original material by age 17 .
12	track listing acoustic version personnel arjen lucassen - vocals , guitar , bass , keyboard , synthesizer .
87	track listing personnel the following people contributed to the best of little walter : little walter -- lead vocals , harmonica muddy waters -- guitar on '' juke '' and '' ca n't hold out much longer '' jimmy rogers -- guitar on '' juke '' and '' ca n't hold out much longer '' david myers -- guitar louis myers -- guitar leonard caston -- guitar on '' my babe '' robert lockwood , jr . -- guitar on '' my babe '' willie dixon -- bass , producer elgin evans -- drum on '' juke '' and '' ca n't hold out much longer '' fred below -- drums studs terkel -- sleeve notes singles chart the songs '' juke '' and '' my babe '' peaked at # 1 on billboard magazine 's b singles chart .
21	hunter benedict '' ben '' shepherd ( born september 20 , 1968 ) is an american musician best known for playing bass in the rock band soundgarden since 1990 .
9	freni was married for many years to the bulgarian bass nicolai ghiaurov , with whom she performed and recorded .
21	credits donald fagen - vocals , synthesizer , synth-harmonica greg phillinganes - electric piano rob mounsey - synthesizer anthony jackson - bass hugh mccracken - guitar james gadson - drums jeff porcaro - additional drums roger nichols - drum/percussion programming starz vanderlocket - percussion randy brecker - trumpet dave tofani - alto sax michael brecker - tenor sax ronnie cuber - baritone sax dave bargeron - trombone valerie simpson , zack sanders , frank floyd , gordon grody - backup vocals title and lyrics the '' i.g.y. '' of the title refers to the '' international geophysical year '' , an event that ran from july 1957 to december 1958 .
31	scoring and structure bach scored the work festively for five vocal soloists ( two soprano ( si , sii ) , alto ( a ) , tenor ( t ) and bass ( b ) ) and a ssatb five-part choir .
28	'' track listing disc one disc two personnel grateful dead jerry garcia -- lead guitar , vocals keith godchaux -- keyboards bill kreutzmann -- drums phil lesh -- bass , vocals bob weir -- rhythm guitar , vocals in the cd liner notes , donna jean godchaux is listed in the band lineup and credited as '' giving birth '' .
12	personnel ian gillan - vocals ritchie blackmore - guitar roger glover - bass jon lord - organ ian paice - drums covers in 1982 , los angeles female-fronted metal band hellion recorded this song as the b-side of their '' driving hard '' single , which was released on mystic records in early 1983 .
12	later that summer they added a rhythm section , tony tolhurst ( bass ) and john pilgrim ( washboard ) , and took up residency at the renowned soho music venue , the 2i 's coffee bar .
4	charlie haden plays wah-wah bass on the title track , while frank lowe 's tenor evokes a blues influence .
14	personnel david line - vocals , guitar kevin penney - guitars kevin hendrick - bass , vocals caroline banks - drums peter back - saxophone on '' how you gonna live without me ?
19	his tie-in ` trio on the train track tour ' included a new live band comprising chris morrissey on bass , vocals & keyboard and mark stepro on drums , vocals , glockenspiel , percussion & '' whatever else he feels like '' during appearances in the united states .
6	the following year stefano milano ( bass ) and gigi giancursi ( guitar ) joined them .
9	soon after this , andy cousin replaced jackson on bass , thus creating the first well-known all about eve line-up of bricheno , cousin and regan , plus a drum machine .
29	track listing 2-track single maxi single 12 '' picture disc chart performance credits and personnel additional production by justin spier and mat jackson all instrument by matt prime additional bass : guy pratt recorded at stanley house in 2006 credits adapted from the liner notes of trip the light fantastic , interscope records .
13	lineup dave simonett -- guitar , lead vocals , harmonica tim saxhaug -- bass , backing vocals dave carroll -- banjo , backing vocals erik berry -- mandolin , backing vocals ryan young -- fiddle , backing vocals simonett , saxhaug , and young also play in a side project called dead man winter , and young fronts the fiddle heirs and continues to collaborate with pert near sandstone , perhaps most notably on their rendition of the beatles classic '' i am the walrus '' .
37	members ; current members ben barlow - lead vocals ( 2012 -- present ) lloyd roberts - lead guitar ( 2012 -- present ) matt west - rhythm guitar ( 2012 -- present ) fil thorpe-evans - bass ( 2012 -- present ) dani washington - drums ( 2012 -- present ) discography ; studio albums wishful thinking ( 2014 ) rain in july ( 2012 ) a history of bad decisions ( 2013 ) neck deep / knuckle puck tour 7 '' ( 2014 ) rain in july / a history of bad decisions ( 2014 ) awards ; kerrang !
12	track listing performers dr. frank -- vocals , guitar aaron rubin -- bass alex laipeneiks -- drums album information produced , engineered , and mixed by kevin army mastered by john golden at k-disc in hollywood , california recorded at sound and vision studios in san francisco , california , dancing dog studios in emeryville , california , and smooth papa 's studios in berkeley , california .
33	early life and theater beginnings daughter of j. chalmers doane , an order of canada - winning music educator , doane mastered many instruments at a young age , including the piano , bass , mandolin , guitar , violin , and ukulele .
20	the band consists of mark baker ( vocals ) , paolo di liberto ( synths ) , gareth milburn ( bass , synths ) and lee smith ( guitar , backing vocals ) .
31	nico assumpção ( antônio álvaro assumpção neto ) ( august 13 , 1954 in são paulo , brazil january 20 , 2001 in rio de janeiro ) , was a brazil bass player .
17	demoniac were a heavy metal band from new zealand formed in wellington in 1993 by singer and bass player lindsay dawson , guitar sam totman and drummer steve francis .
12	the 2007 line-up consists of roberts on vocals , dan brown on bass ( formerly of ilya ) , childs ( vocals/tambourines/producer / arranger ) , dan moore ( keyboards -- has played with cousteau , fred wesley , and roni size ) , and jock ( drum -- an illustrator for dc comics ) .
18	track listing credits jesse leach - vocals derek kerswill - drums pete cortese - guitar jeff fultz - bass jason suecof - producer josh galeos - mixing reviews heavymetal.about.com website gave a good review some of the songs from the album .
70	track listing live ... with a little help from our friends collector 's edition disc one disc two disc three disc four on the collector 's edition only live ... with a little help from our friends disc one disc two live ... with a little help from our friends volume 2 personnel gov ' t mule warren haynes -- vocals , guitar matt abts -- drums allen woody -- bass additional personnel michael barbiero -- mixing .
3	fernando is a bass player .
7	his students included the celebrated french virtuoso bass pol plançon ( 1851 -- 1914 ) , whose voice is preserved on gramophone recordings made in 1902-1908 .
33	band members ; current joe kirkland -- lead vocals , piano , rhythm guitar ( 2011 -- present ) ; rhythm guitar , backing vocals ( 2007 -- present ) jason dean -- bass , drums ( 2007 -- present ) ; former craig calloway -- lead guitar , backing vocals ( 2007 -- 2010 ) jeff olsen -- lead guitar ( 2007 ) patrick rigden -- lead guitar ( 2007 ) tarcy thomason -- lead vocals ( 2007 -- 2011 ) joe westbrook -- drums , percussion ( 2007 -- 2011 ) dylan stevens - lead guitar , backing vocals ( 2011 -- 2014 ) joe kirkland joe kirkland , the lead vocalist and guitarist of the band announced in 2012 that he would be a contestant on the third season of the nbc series the voice .
17	as well as being the lead singer and chief songwriter of the band , currie also plays bass with them .
7	background nate learned to play drums , bass , guitar , and saxophone , and attended california institute of the arts for drums and guitar where he studied with charlie haden and joe labarbera .
28	'' however , the young mcgregor soon gravitated more towards the production end of songwriting , and by the age of seven he had taught himself to play bass , guitar , keyboards , and violin by mimicking the songs he heard on the radio .
29	kim fowley brings ann boleyn to hollywood in 1976 , while still a teenager in high school , producer kim fowley recruited her to join the runaways as the bass player .
18	donald winston thompson , oc ( born 18 january 1940 ) is a canadian jazz musician who plays bass , piano , and vibes .
9	'' there will be tears '' has a thundering bass flat over a hyperactive 808 beat .
21	bisharat was born in 1964 in los angeles , california , and grew up playing the piano , cello , and bass .
15	track listing all songs written by killola personnel lisa rieffel -- vocals johnny dunn -- bass mike ball -- guitar danny grody -- drums notes bonus rock track is in fact a cover of the ween song dr. rock .
13	'' track listing personnel dave burrell -- piano david murray -- clarinet ( bass ) , saxophone ( tenor ) production : glenn barratt -- engineer samuel charters -- producer , liner notes , photography reception allmusic says that burrell and murray are '' overtly experimental ... that does n't play to the strengths of these musicians .
18	personnel jon bon jovi lead vocals , guitar richie sambora guitar , backing vocals , talkbox hugh mcdonald bass , backing vocals tico torres drums , perussion david bryan keyboards , backing vocals the show the set list greatly varied between concerts , so after each show its set list was posted on the official website .
29	2nd era ( 1989-1999 ) the second leg of the tour was made into an aptly titled vhs , '' pirata tour '' , and featured roberto terzani on bass , daniele trambusti on drums and candelo cabezas on percussions besides pelù , renzulli and aiazzi .
8	with the exception of a number of different bass players , it remained largely unchanged until nervosa 's final departure in 1989 .
16	they formed in 2000 as a four-piece band , but following the departure of their original bass player , gwen and aurelien joined , and they played as a five-piece from then on .
15	track listing personnel art pepper -- alto saxophone george cables -- piano tony dumas -- bass carl burnett -- drums sources richard cook & brian morton .
42	this is especially pronounced on the key recordings from 1965 ( the magic city , the heliocentric worlds of sun ra , volume one and the heliocentric worlds of sun ra , volume two ) where the intertwining lines of boykins ' bass and ra 's electronic keyboards provide the cohesion .
22	it is scored for two violin , violone , basso continuo , and four voices ( soprano , alto , tenor , bass ) .
20	track listing personnel leslie cheung - vocals ricky chu , nick - drums lam chi wan , eddie sing - bass hidetoshi yamada , tony arevalo jr. .
32	track listing all songs written by tommy flanagan except as indicated personnel idrees sulieman -- trumpet john coltrane -- tenor saxophone tommy flanagan -- piano kenny burrell -- guitar doug watkins -- bass louis hayes -- drums on '' how long has this been going on '' sulieman , coltrane and burrell are pausing .
5	he is known for his bass singing voice .
26	its current members include daniel davis ( guitar and vocals ) , justin venable ( banjo , harmonica , and vocals ) , brandon sturgill ( bass and vocals ) , and dan witt ( percussion ) .
27	history formation based in austin , texas the band members were randy '' biscuit '' turner on vocals , tim kerr on guitar and chris gates on bass .
32	the members were diana derose on lead vocals and acoustic guitar , john noreen on 12-string guitar and backup vocal , james groshong on lead vocal and guitar , william fleming on bass and bruce bowdin on drum .
7	the experimental number relies on a strong bass line and a simple keyboard riff .
6	terry eldredge first began to play bass with opry stars such as lonzo and oscar .
34	charlap appears at least twice a year for lengthy runs at some of the world 's major jazz clubs , including the village vanguard with his rhythm section , consisting of peter washington ( bass ) and kenny washington ( drums ) .
18	graeme danby ( born 23 may 1962 in consett , county durham , england ) is an operatic bass who has performed at several of the world 's leading opera houses , notably the royal opera house , covent garden and the english national opera .
11	band members ; current members jorge gonzález -- lead vocals , bass , keyboards claudio narea -- guitar , keyboard , vocals miguel tapia -- drums , percussion , vocals ; support members cecilia aguayo - keyboard , synthesizer , percussion , backup vocals ( 1990 -- 1991 ) .
21	element of crime is a german rock band that plays melancholic chanson - , pop - and rockmusic with guitar , bass , drums and voice / trumpet .
24	lineup søren huss ( born 6 september 1975 ) -- vocals , acoustic guitar jeppe langebek knudsen ( born 17 august 1976 ) -- bass palle sørensen ( born 8 september 1974 ) -- drums sebastian sandstrøm ( born 30 june 1978 ) -- guitar jess jensen ( born 8 march 1977 ) -- keyboards discography albums eps singles ; charting singles ; other songs 2002 : '' the day after tomorrow '' 2002 : '' the second you sleep '' 2002 : '' in spite of '' 2004 : '' brilliant sky '' 2004 : '' bend the rules '' 2005 : '' guardian angel '' in other media veronica mars -- '' brilliant sky '' was featured in episode 1x11 , '' silence of the lamb '' .
59	the spoken announcement by pee wee marquette is sampled in the us3 song '' cantaloop ( flip fantasia ) '' track listing bonus tracks on 2001 cd reissue originally on a night at birdland vol . 3 : personnel art blakey quintet : art blakey -- drums clifford brown -- trumpet lou donaldson -- alto saxophone curley russell -- bass horace silver -- piano production : bob bluementhal , leonard feather -- liner notes michael cuscuna -- reissue producer john hermansader or reid miles -- cover design alfred lion -- producer ron mcmaster -- digital transfers ( 1987 ) rudy van gelder -- engineer , mastering ( 1954 and 2001 ) francis wolff -- photography reception the two albums that were released from the birdland sessions are considered by the penguin guide to jazz to be part of their '' core collection .
22	pervis jackson ( may 17 , 1938 -- august 18 , 2008 ) was an american b singer , noted as the bass singer for the spinners , and was one of the group 's original members .
11	'' , '' harmony '' and '' legacy reprise '' chacho bass on '' maol mori '' , '' first blood '' , '' yeah , man !
26	personnel musicians : trent gardner - lead vocals , keyboards , backing vocals wayne gardner - electric and acoustic guitars , vocals hal stringfellow imbrie - bass , vocals doane perry -- drums on '' waterfront weirdos '' at narnia oaks studio , woodland hills , ca .
13	'' personnel ; switchfoot jon foreman -- guitar , vocals tim foreman -- bass , backing vocals chad butler -- drums , percussion jerome fontamillas -- guitar , keyboard , backing vocals ; additional musicians ameena maria khawaja -- cello stephan hovsepian -- violin john fields -- keyboard , fx , percussion , tasty bits recorded at sage and sound , mansfield lodge , and jon foreman 's house .
34	career the group was formed in 1965 with dave bingham ( lead vocals , harmonica ) , glynn bell ( rhythm guitar ) , roger mayne ( lead guitar ) , john read ( bass ) , and robin boers ( drums ) .
10	steven wilson -- piano , acoustic and electric guitars , bass , keyboards , glockenspiel , harmony vocals , musical box , electric piano , organ , harp , harmonium , percussion , drum programming .
8	he is considered one of the greatest contemporary bass singer in russia .
15	ain anger ( born june 17 , 1971 in kuressaare ) is an estonian opera bass .
23	the musicians for the original 1964 recording were : hancock ( piano ) , freddie hubbard ( cornet ) , ron carter ( bass ) and tony williams ( drums ) .
2	he played bass with white lion from 1984 to 1991 , and then went on with white lion drummer greg d'angelo to play with former kiss guitarist ace frehley , and then later with zakk wylde 's side-project lynyrd skynhead who evolved into glory and released one album in 1994 .
5	he spent 8 years playing bass in local bands , featuring in a number of acts ranging in style from ska and hardcore to rock and pop .
23	its style has been compared to christian musician sarah kelly , and features a background of '' thick '' drums , guitar , bass , piano , and an electronic organ .
7	this led to him studying guitar , bass , drums , and a wide range of musical styles over those four years .
17	personnel tori amos -- acoustic piano , vocals , producer matt chamberlin -- drums jon evans -- bass mac aladdin -- acoustic and electric guitar music video the music video for '' sleeps with butterflies '' was directed by laurent briet , who has also worked with radiohead and the red hot chili peppers .
26	side one side two credits band members robin zander -- lead vocals , rhythm guitar rick nielsen -- lead guitar , backing vocals tom petersson -- bass , backing vocals bun e. carlos -- drums production tomoo suzuki - recording engineer jay messina , jack douglas - mixing gary ladinsky , mike beriger - mastering sequel and re-issues budokan ii was released in february 1994 as a sequel of the first album , consisting of the remaining tracks from the concert not included on the original album and the tracks '' stiff competition '' , '' on top of the world '' , and '' how are you ?
18	track listing personnel whiplasher bernadotte - vocals nightmare industries - guitar , keyboards , electronics skinny disco - bass bone w. machine '' öhman - drums guest performer : ann ekberg - female vocals ( on '' tongues '' and '' the greatest fight on earth '' ) production produced by nightmare industries .
10	members achim reichel - vocals , guitar herbert hildebrandt - bass hajo ( hans joachim ) kreutzfeld - guitar reinhard '' dicky '' tarrach - drum ( this was the basic mid 1960s line-up .
17	personnel original jon anderson : vocals steve howe : gibson les paul guitar chris squire : rickenbacker bass and vocals rick wakeman : polymoog synthesizer alan white : vibraphone and crotales orchestral not listed .
14	the line-up as of 2013 includes gene doyle on guitar and jason jouver on bass .
18	the song progresses to include an increasingly complex guitar solo backed by string synthesizer , followed closely by bass and drum fills .
10	the band combined lehman 's use of funk with the bass , and pantella had blended drum loops along with his live drumming at shows .
18	the part the clavinet plays has to fit with the part the drums play and the line the bass plays and the line that the guitar plays .
8	the instruments that he plays include guitar , bass , mandolin , mandocello , dobro , pedal steel , weissenborn , banjo , harmonica , and drums .
11	andreas pruys ( born in kleve ) is a german classical bass singer .
20	scoring and structure the cantata in nine movements is festively scored for three vocal soloists ( soprano , tenor and bass ) , a five-part choir ( ssatb ) , three trumpet , timpani , three oboe , taille ( tenor oboe ) , bassoon , two violin , two viola , two cello and basso continuo .
52	the squirrel nut zippers are an american band formed in 1993 in chapel hill , north carolina , united states , by james '' jimbo '' mathus ( vocal and guitar ) , katharine whalen ( vocals , banjo , and ukulele ) , chris phillips on drums , don raleigh on bass and sideman ken mosher .
17	line-up steve hogarth - keyboards , programming , lead vocals colin woore - guitars ferg harper - bass , lead vocals geoff dugmore - drums history in 1980 , a scottish band called motion pictures ( consisting of harper , woore , dugmore ) moved to london and advertised for a keyboard player .
22	composition the song itself has three strophes and a powerful chorus , with some kind of orchestral background on which guitar , bass and floor tom are giving the rhythm to the song .
22	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , cornett to double the chorale melody , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
6	andrea bellini was an italian opera bass who had an active career performing in italy 's major opera house from the 1840s through the 1870s .
6	characters marko , rich peasant , bass doma , his second wife , mezzo soprano đula , marko 's daughter from the first marriage , soprano mića ( ero ) , young man from the nearby village , tenor sima , millman , baritone shepherd boy , child soprano a young man , tenor girls ( 6 solo ) , women ( 8 solos ) , men , shepherds , fruit-merchants ( 4 solos ) , merchants ( 4 solos ) , children and other village people .
39	the rest of the band was made up of nikolaj bloch ( guitar ) , whom bradley found through an advert in melody maker , the latter 's drum friend and danish compatriot tommas arnby and george brown ( bass ) .
24	baron hans von rokitansky ( german : hans freiherr von rokitansky ) ( 8 march 1835 2 november 1909 ) was an austria opera bass who sang for three decades at the vienna hofoper ( now vienna state opera ) and in concerts and operas throughout europe between 1856 and 1877 .
12	personnel elizabeth fraser - vocals robin guthrie - guitar simon raymonde - bass ; additional personnel lincoln fong - additional engineering cover versions the songs '' bluebeard '' and '' know who you are at every age '' were covered by cantopop artist faye wong for her 1994 album wu si lyun seung or random thoughts .
39	'' the bitter pill '' '' the hole in my wall '' '' inside out '' ( promo ) personnel jani lane - vocals , arranger joey allen - guitar erik turner - guitar , arrangement jerry dixon - bass steven sweet - drums scott warren - keyboards legacy hardcore punk band dog eat dog named their debut album warrant in a joking ` retaliation ' for the title of this album .
42	the first performance in the united states took place in october 1989 in new york at avery fisher hall , also conducted by rilling , with the soprano gabriela beňačková , the mezzo cornelia kallisch , the tenor james wagner and the bass brian matthews , the gächinger kantorei and the new york philharmonic .
27	they disbanded in 1951 and powell formed the austin powell quintet , which consisted of former cats and the fiddle members johnny davis , stanley gaines ( bass ) , doris knighton , as well as beryl booker , and dottie smith .
7	personnel paul mccartney -- lead vocal , bass , piano , comb and tissue paper kazoo john lennon -- backing vocal , vocal percussion , acoustic rhythm guitar , comb and tissue paper kazoo george harrison -- backing vocal , slide guitar , acoustic rhythm guitar , comb and tissue paper kazoo ringo starr -- drums shawn phillips - backing vocals george martin -- producer , piano geoff emerick -- engineer other versions fats domino included a cover of this song in his 1968 album fats is back .
23	track listing credits maurice white -- vocals , kalimba , timbales , drums , producer , compilation producer verdine white -- vocals , bass , percussion philip bailey -- vocals , congas , percussion larry dunn -- piano , organ , synthesizer , programming ken yerke -- violin harris goldman -- violin rollice dale -- viola dennis karmazyn -- cello harry schultz -- cello fred jackson , jr . -- saxophone herman riley -- saxophone jerome richardson -- saxophone tommy johnson -- tuba harvey mason -- percussion paulinho da costa -- percussion beloyd taylor -- background vocals joe wissert -- producer charles stepney -- producer al mckay -- producer leo sacks -- compilation producer accolades the following accolades attributed to the essential earth , wind & fire is adapted from blender.com .
31	craig wedren performing with stt in 1994 history the band 's first lineup was craig wedren ( vocals and guitar ) , chris matthews ( guitar ) , stuart hill ( bass ) and mike russell ( drum ) .
37	sound engineer rudy van gelder set up his equipment at a table by the stage , and for these concerts coltrane would often enhance the quintet by adding tampura , contrabassoon , oboe , or a second bass .
20	line-up the original line-up was : paul '' doug '' sheppard ( lead guitar ) terry hopkinson ( vocals , bass ) paul tognola ( vocals , lead guitar ) paul conyers ( drum ) .
8	the haleys were joined by cameron grant on bass and ( ex-magoria ) and matthew chalk on vocals ( ex-hemlock ) , who soon after became a drummer with established local death metal act m.s.i. .
13	the two volumes present performances of pianist keith jarrett with gary peacock on bass and jack dejohnette on drums .
6	jaime sciarappa is a boston area bass player best known for his work with 1980s hardcore punk bands ssd and slapshot .
28	the group included eddie lewis ( tenor , ward 's cousin ) , charles fizer ( tenor ) , walter hammond ( baritone ) and melvin king ( bass ) and except for lewis were friends in a los angeles , california , high school .
10	the core of the ensemble includes countertenor , tenor and bass singers , who perform either a-cappella or together with period instruments such as theorbo and harpsichord .
30	mitchell returned to the united states in the early 1960s , relocated to the chicago area , and performed in a band with wilson junior college undergraduate malachi favors ( bass ) , joseph jarman , henry threadgill , and anthony braxton ( all saxophonists ) .
4	early career biondo played bass in a los angeles area band called storybook people during which time they released a single on dunhill records , which received limited airplay in los angeles .
12	seymour duncan is an american company best known for manufacturing guitar and bass pickup .
16	glenn douglas barnard cornick ( 23 april 1947 -- 28 august 2014 ) was a british bass player , best known as a founding member of the british band jethro tull .
37	the group was the most commercially successful of the acoustic era , and at the peak of their popularity , between about 1911 and 1917 , also featured tenor henry burr , baritone arthur collins , and bass john meyer .
33	the session was produced by the chess brothers -- leonard and phil -- and backing chuck berry was johnnie johnson on piano , l. c. davis on tenor saxophone , willie dixon on bass , and fred below on drum .
10	the current band members and positions are jan müller ( bass ) , arne zank ( drums ) , dirk von lowtzow ( rhythm guitar , vocals ) , and , since 2004 , rick mcphail ( lead guitar , keyboard ) .
40	the royal charms and the gladiolas in addition to williams and gainey , the royal charms were made up of willie jones ( baritone ) , william massey ( tenor , baritone , trumpet ) , and norman wade ( bass ) .
14	later , he discovered acoustic guitar and his ` first love ' , the bass , and went on to form bands also playing led zeppelin-esque tracks .
9	massimo biolcati ( born 1972 ) is a jazz bass , and composer .
34	cast the lineup of the grateful dead at the time of the grateful dead movie was : jerry garcia on guitar and vocals , bob weir on guitar and vocals , phil lesh on bass , bill kreutzmann on drums , keith godchaux on keyboards , and donna godchaux on vocals .
48	members ; original members donald carpenter -- vocals ( 2003 -- 2008 ) garrett whitlock -- drums ( 2003 -- 2008 ) eric friedman -- lead guitar , backing vocals ( 2003 -- 2006 ) tj davis -- lead guitar ( 2003 -- 2008 ) kelan luker -- bass ( 2003 -- 2008 ) justin finley - lead guitar ( 2006-2008 ) discography in due time ( 2004 ) ( # 16 billboard heatseekers albums ) immortal verses ( 2007 ) ( # 35 billboard heatseekers albums ) singles list of other songs '' complicated '' featured in soundtrack of the punisher .
15	taylor 's longtime friend shawn economaki joined shortly after , and filled in as the bass player .
14	pfauter left the band in 1984 and brent turner was brought in to play bass on the recording of their first album , when in rome do as the vandals .
31	history deloris was formed in frankston , victoria , by marcus teague ( singer/songwriter ) , simon heelis ( guitar ) , luke turley ( drums ) and stuart charles ( bass ) in the 1990s .
37	members include josh king ( vocals / acoustic guitar ) , tommy scifres ( guitar ) , joel kiser ( guitar ) , matt bowers ( keyboard ) , jordan powers ( ex - far-less ) ( bass ) and jack foster ( drums ) .
18	track listing personnel steve hogarth -- vocals steve rothery -- guitar mark kelly -- keyboards pete trewavas -- bass ian mosley -- drums reception guitarist magazine rated the album 4/5 and described it as '' an intimate musical experience '' and '' a credit to all concerned .
25	the jimi hendrix experience -- a quintessential power trio a power trio is a rock and roll band format having a lineup of guitar , bass and drums , leaving out the rhythm guitar or keyboard that are used in other rock music to fill out the sound with chords .
18	later that year , siegel became the eels bassist ( this was the first time he played the bass on a group ) .
9	martin ace -- guitar and vocal george ace -- bass and vocal dave charles -- drums deke leonard -- guitar malcolm morley -- guitar ducks deluxe the first recording of pub rock band ducks deluxe ever released .
19	on january 23 , connor was accompanied by a quartet led by pianist john lewis with oscar pettiford on bass .
25	j. loren wince - vocals , guitar , violin , banjo , string arrangement paul spatola - guitar , dobro , piano josh ansley - bass evan johns - drums additional personnel eric greedy - producer , engineering , mixing leon zervos - mastering lenny castro - percussion valerie carter - additional vocal support machan taylor - additional vocal support elaine caswell - additional vocal support eyvonne williams-hines - additional vocal support lynn fiddmont - additional vocal support novi novog - string arrangement dave klotz - string arrangement , programming larry tuttle - string arrangement brian winshell - programming jason benham - additional engineering cecil gregory - additional engineering tom gloady - additional engineering ted taylor - art director , photography reception the album was praised by both fans and critics .
22	movements of the complete ballet the ballet is scored for 3 solo singers ( 1 soprano , 1 tenor , and 1 bass ) , 2 flutes ( 2nd doubling piccolo ) , 2 oboe , 2 bassoon , 2 horns in f , 1 trumpet in c , 1 trombone , a concertino of strings ( 2 violin , 1 viola , 1 cello , 1 contrabass ) , and the ripieno ( 8 violins , 4 violas , 3 celli , and 3 contrabasses ) .
10	pinza had become bored as the met 's leading lyric bass , and having played the great opera houses , sought other worlds to conquer .
33	v.s.o.p. was an american jazz quintet consisting of herbie hancock ( piano , keyboards , synthesizers and vocals ) , wayne shorter ( tenor saxophone and soprano saxophone ) , ron carter ( bass ) , tony williams ( drums ) and freddie hubbard ( trumpet and flugelhorn ) .
82	personnel no-big-silence cram -- vocals ( tracks 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 7 , 8 , 9 ) kristo k -- guitar ( 3 ) / backing vocals ( 8 ) / keyboards willem -- acoustic guitar ( 1 , 3 , 5 , 7 ) / backing vocals ( 8 ) kristo r -- drums ; backing vocals ( 8 ) kosmikud hainz - vocals ( 5 , 8 , 9 ) aleksander vana - guitar kõmmari - bass others peeter volkonski - vocals ( 6 , 7 , 9 ) hele kõre - vocals ( 1 , 5 , 7 , 8 ) peeter malkov - flute ( 3 ) dj sinda - dj'ing ( 4 ) notes no-big-silence & kosmikud featuring peeter volkonski and hele kõre .
16	personnel mark mothersbaugh -- keyboards , vocals bob mothersbaugh -- guitar , vocals gerald casale -- bass , keyboards , vocals bob casale -- guitar , keyboards , vocals alan myers -- drums singles '' peek-a-boo !
6	his brother ezio flagello was a bass who sang at the metropolitan opera .
6	taras konoshchenko is a ukrainian opera bass .
17	track listing credits syu - lead / rhythm guitar / backing vocals yama-b - vocals tsui - bass / backing vocals yuhki - keyboards / backing vocals junichi satoh - drums chart performance the album reached number 57 on the oricon album charts .
10	people 's artist of the ussr ( 1974 ) ; bass soloist .
17	background stravinsky , sketched by picasso igor stravinsky was the son of fyodor stravinsky , the principal bass at the imperial opera , st petersburg , and anna , née kholodovskaya , a competent amateur singer and pianist from an old-established russian family .
3	george duvivier -- bass art taylor -- drums january 13 , 1955 , track 2 .
25	track listing all songs written by further seems forever performers jason gleason - vocals josh colbert - guitar derick cordoba - guitar chad neptune - bass steve kleisath - drums james wisner - keys , additional guitar album information record label : tooth & nail records record label ( vinyl version ) : all songs written by further seems forever .
25	2000 onwards in early 2000 , the band reformed in san jose , california , with henry knowles ( guitar ) , rob thacker ( bass ) , ryan fassler ( drums ) , and drew ( vocal ) .
18	'' b-sides part one of the single contains the b-side song '' cuttooth '' , with piano and bass working collectively and fluently , and a few samples running in and out throughout the song .
15	'' noche de entierro '' features music instruments like flute , accordion , guitar , bass and electric keyboard .
5	ms zsa zsa poltergeist - bass composing credits all songs composed by jimi hendrix , published by warner chappell music ltd , except : '' stone free '' - composed by jimi hendrix , published by dick james music ltd. '' hey joe '' - composed by william m. roberts , published by carlin music corp. '' all along the watchtower '' - composed by bob dylan , published by b. feldman & co. .
53	while the temptations have frequently changed their lineup , the group has always employed a person for each of the following roles : main lead singer ( e.g. , david ruffin ) secondary lead singer ( e.g. , paul williams ) first tenor / falsetto lead singer ( e.g. , eddie kendricks ) bass lead singer ( e.g. , melvin franklin ) background second tenor/baritone w / occasional lead ( since 1961 otis williams has always held and continues to hold this role ) during their live performances , the falsetto and secondary leads have always been as predominant on stage as the group 's official main lead/front man .
25	george cook , ( 28 may 1925 april 1995 ) was an english opera singer and actor , best known for his performances in the bass and bass-baritone roles of the savoy operas with the d'oyly carte opera company .
4	mike took up playing bass and because '' kj could n't sit still long enough to be drummer '' he took up playing guitar as well as becoming the lead vocalist for the band .
21	members nathan macdonald -- vocals , guitar tyree lush -- vocals , guitar , button accordion , mandolin matt holland -- bass dana arrowsmith -- fiddle , vocals nathan macdonald nathan bishop macdonald better known as '' nathan bishop '' is a singer-songwriter based in toronto , ontario , canada .
22	membership and organization the chorus is run by an elected committee of volunteers and consists of soprano , alto , tenor and bass sections .
28	the url is : band members kelvin cruz -- lead vocals jeff harber -- guitar / vocals joel holt -- guitar phil nguyen -- guitar justin powell -- bass aaron peck -- drums discography other works atfeh has been featured on compilations .
25	'' personnel lajon witherspoon -- lead vocals chris daughtry - additional vocals john connolly -- lead guitar sonny mayo -- rhythm guitar vinnie hornsby -- bass morgan rose -- drums chart position the song reached # 27 in the mainstream rock chart .
29	andree baudet saxophone , keyboard , cello peter ella acoustic and electric guitar , tenor guitar , mandolin , violin tony hillier rhythm guitar , backing vocals will kepa bass david martin violin , mandolin , vocals nigel pegrum drums nigel pegrum joined kamerunga from the second album .
31	lard is a hardcore punk / industrial band founded in 1988 as a side project by jello biafra ( vocals ) , al jourgensen ( guitar ) , paul barker ( bass ) , and jeff ward ( drums ) .
8	roberts played rhythm guitar , lead guitar , bass and mandolin , in the studio and for television and movie projects , including lead guitar on the theme from the twilight zone , as well as the classic guitar themes in the munsters , bonanza , the brady bunch , green acres , get smart , batman , beverly hillbillies , andy griffith , peter gunn , johnny quest , gidget , mannix , lost in space , dragnet , wild wild west , mission impossible , the odd couple , and rhythm guitar on the theme from i dream of jeannie .
31	davis assembled his first regular quintet to meet a commitment at the café bohemia in july with sonny rollins on tenor saxophone , red garland on piano , paul chambers on bass , and philly joe jones on drums .
23	) ; america dewey bunnell -- lead vocal , acoustic guitar gerry beckley -- 12-string acoustic guitar , backing vocal dan peek -- bass , backing vocal ; session musicians ray cooper - percussion kim haworth - drums in popular culture the song was one of many popular songs quoted and parodied on the album the third reich 'n roll by the residents .
16	alto , like the other three standard modern choral voice classifications ( soprano , tenor and bass ) was originally intended to describe a part within a homophonic or polyphonic texture , rather than an individual voice type ; neither are the terms alto and contralto interchangeable or synonymous , though they are often treated as such .
12	largely dispensing with the track 's instrumental backing ( apart from distant bass and occasional acoustic guitar ) the remix features kela 's beatboxing alongside rhys's lead vocal and follows the arrangement of the original .
36	siegel -- schwall ' 70 was the band 's first record to feature their '' classic '' early '70s lineup of corky siegel on piano and harmonica , jim schwall on guitar , rollo radford on bass , and shelly plotkin on drums .
20	marcus cliffe ( born 1962 , leeds , yorkshire , england ) is an english professional musician , currently the bass player in the manfreds , a reunion of members of the 1960s pop group manfred mann ( minus manfred mann himself ) .
10	the classic bebop combo consisted of saxophone , trumpet , bass , drums , and piano .
33	foxface are a glasgow - based scottish rock band featuring michael angus ( vocals , guitar ) , john ferguson ( drum , accordion , banjo , mandolin ) and jenny bell ( bass , vocals ) .
25	they were supported on the tour to promote this album by the beware the green monkey , fronted by bruce thomas with paul chapman on bass .
27	the band is composed of tom hyndman ( guitar , lead vocals ) , carrie anderson ( violin , backing vocals ) , & christopher done ( bass , backing vocals ) , michael deponeo ( lead guitar , vocals ) , tom wootton ( drums ) , samuel williams ( drums ) , jackson almond ( piano , banjo ) .
51	( unlockable ) cronos ( introduced in primal fury ) ganesha ( introduced in primal fury ) fang the wolf , ( introduced in extreme ) audio the music was composed by takayuki negishi and was recorded at mit studio with jun kajiwara at the guitar , michio nagaoka at the bass , atsuo okamoto at the drums and negishi at the synthesizer .
19	eduard haken eduard haken ( 22 march 1910 - 12 january 1996 , prague ) was a czech opera bass who had a lengthy career at the national theatre in prague during the 20th century .
8	personnel paul mccartney - vocals , guitar , bass , keyboards , drums , percussion cover versions martin sheen , john spencer and stockard channing ( all parts of the cast of tv series the west wing ) covered '' wonderful christmastime '' on the nbc celebrity christmas album in 2000 .
10	track listing personnel darren mathiassen -- drums crete haami -- bass tyson smith -- guitar chart performance humour and the misfortune of others debuted at number one on the rianz new zealand albums chart , the week of its release .
5	falke started out as a bass player before turning his hand to production work .
6	he is well known as the bass in the king 's singers during the group 's formative years from 1968 until 1982 , and as such is to be heard on many of their 1970s lp recordings .
30	its current members are sara bell ( vocals , guitar , piano ) , nathan brown ( electronic organ , accordion , guitar , vocals ) , chris clemmons ( bass , vocals ) , jerry kee ( drums ) , and margaret white ( violin , vocals ) .
7	joe anderson as peter hook , the bass player of joy division .
23	takuya - lead vocals , programming , rapping katsuya - rhythm guitar , programming , backing vocals akira - lead guitar nobuto - bass , backing vocals shintarō - drums , percussion seika - brass instrument discography singles studio albums compilation video awards in 2005 , the band received the new artist of the year award in the japan gold disc award held by the recording industry association of japan .
18	richard van allan cbe ( 28 may 1935 -- 4 december 2008 ) was a versatile british operatic bass singer who had a lengthy career .
2	he played bass on a large number of well-known albums by ex-beatles john lennon , george harrison and ringo starr − including all things must pass , imagine and the concert for bangladesh − and by artists such as harry nilsson , doris troy , lou reed , gary wright , carly simon and randy newman .
13	it was one of the first instrumental dub tunes where drum and the bass had a dominating role .
3	brady lynch : bass .
30	members margrét kristín blöndal aka magga stina ( vocals , violin ) halldóra geirharðsdóttir aka dóra wonder ( saxophone , vocals , 1984-1990 ) ívar '' bongó '' ragnarsson ( bass ) þórarinn '' tóti '' kristjánsson ( drums ) sigurður guðmundsson ( guitar ) margrét örnólfsdóttir ( keyboards , 1984-1988 ) hreinn stephensen ( accordion , guitar , 1990-1992 ) discography fame and fossils , 1990 ( reptile ) efta !
11	the solos are written for soprano , tenor , alto , bass , accompanied with the satb choir .
59	he filmed the band recording the song , showing the four bandmates performing , with keith moon being recruited for the high notes in the song ( even though pete townshend can be heard telling keith he '' keeps jumping on john 's part '' , however , other live video footage shows john entwistle , the band 's bass harmonizing and playing the french horn .
15	ferruccio furlanetto ( born 16 may 1949 in sacile , italy ) is an italian bass .
25	'' - lindsey buckingham personnel lindsey buckingham - vocals , guitar , percussion , fairlight cmi , linndrum gordon fordyce - keyboards bryant simpson - bass other versions at concerts , notably on the dance , he did an acoustic fingerstyle version of go insane , which featured just him and a nylon-string guitar .
22	track listing release history credits dark tranquillity mikael stanne − vocals niklas sundin − guitar fredrik johansson − guitar martin henriksson − bass anders jivarp − drums guests eva-marie larsson - co-vocals on the songs the gallery , lethe and ... of melancholy burning .
17	career in 1990 , while living in austin , barnes formed a band called bad livers with bass mark rubin and fiddler ralph white .
28	the broken broadcast are a lo-fi folk band from the uk , originally consisting of james riggall vocals and acoustic guitar , emma reeve drums , grizzo hughes bass and carolyn reilly violin .
10	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for soprano and bass vocal soloists , four-part choir , oboe , violin , and basso continuo .
29	track listing personnel ; queensrÿche geoff tate -- lead vocals , keyboards chris degarmo -- guitar , backing vocals michael wilton -- guitar , backing vocals eddie jackson -- bass , backing vocals scott rockenfield -- drums , percussion ; additional musicians neil kernon -- keyboards bradley doyle - emulator programming ; production neil kernon - production , engineering , mixing dave ogilvie - engineering rob porter - engineering keith cohen - engineering howie weinberg - mastering queensrÿche -- album concept moshe brakha -- album photography henry marquez -- art direction glenn parsons -- design charts ; album ; singles certifications accolades rage for order was ranked no. 88 on kerrang! magazine 's '' 100 greatest heavy metal albums of all time '' in january 1989 .
23	both are featured on youtube.com band members jamie scott - vocals , guitar , keyboards tommyd - guitar , vocals pete cherry - bass , vocals leonn meade - drums joe glossop - keyboards the british artist and illustrator , jimi crayon , designs all of graffiti6 's artwork and is responsible for their bold logo and technicolor visuals .
17	personnel tyson todd meade -- vocals mark metzger -- guitar trent bell -- guitar clint mcbay -- bass aaron preston -- drums credits produced by butch vig executive producers : jay faires and steve balcom recorded at smart studios , madison , wi engineered by butch vig and doug colson mastered at masterdisk by howie weinberg backing vocals on '' flipped out in singapore '' by asa miura videos the album 's two lead tracks , '' connie , i 've found the door '' and '' high in high school , '' saw release as music videos , directed by phil harder and spike jonze , respectively .
4	early life taggart played bass in the band colenso parade for nine years from the age of 15 .
6	she plays guitar , piano , bass and drums and also loves to draw and paint .
22	'' track listing personnel john zorn : alto saxophone , vocals bill frisell : guitar wayne horvitz : keyboards fred frith : bass joey baron : drums yamatsuka eye : vocals .
12	members johnny goudie - vocals , guitar , piano einar pedersen - bass kyle schneider - drums ( 1997 -- 1998 ) bill lefler - drums ( 1998 -- 2001 ) nina singh - drums ( 2001 -- 2002 ) jimmy messer - lead guitar ( 1998 -- 2001 ) sean mullens - lead guitar ( 2001 -- 2002 ) jonas wilson - lead guitar ( 2002 ) mark addison - keyboard where are they now ? johnny goudie and kyle schneider are currently on tour with ian moore .
25	each of the four parts has its own role : the lead sings the melody , with the tenor harmonizing above the melody , the bass singing the lowest harmonizing notes , and the baritone completing the chord .
20	( for unison voices , words by frances chesterton ) hail gladdening light ( soprano , alto , tenor , bass , organ ) the day draws on with golden light ( for satb chorus ) o be joyful in the lord ( for satb chorus with organ acc .
26	vocalist adam glynn came from melbourne band frankenbok , marc whitworth had played drums for gold coast band tension and cameron macdonald and mark holain played bass and guitar in extra virgin .
29	performing on the album were mark atkins on didgeridoo , eddie bronson on percussion , bunic , curwin , shenton gregory on violin , hallis and mark szeto on bass .
17	australia in australia , aboriginal rock mixes rock styles and instruments ( e.g. electric ( guitar , bass and drum ) with indigenous australian instruments such as the didgeridoo and clapsticks .
6	the members were malcolm harker on bass , paul hooper on drums , bob jackson on keyboards and lead vocals and colin williams on guitar .
19	members tsutomu ishizuki - vocals kazuya nishida - guitar yoshiki '' shun '' segi - guitar ryuji kosaka - bass tohru nagae - drums ; former member tatsuya hayashi - drums ( 1994 -- 1995 ) discography ; demotapes '' カルマ '' ( 1994.4 .
18	; at last rainbow song list musicians band members jeff beck - guitar and vocals tim bogert - bass and vocals carmine appice - drums and vocals vocalists bobby tench 13 live shows .
30	in addition to the six regular members of the band , the album also features the flute playing of steve bartek , who co-wrote four songs on the album with bass player george bunnell .
6	roles satyavān tenor sāvitri soprano death bass synopsis sāvitri , wife of the woodman satyavān , hears the voice of death calling to her .
36	the kbc band was formed in 1985 by former jefferson airplane ( later jefferson starship ) members paul kantner ( guitar and vocals ) , marty balin ( vocals and guitar ) and jack casady ( bass ) .
20	history the predators consist of the three original powderfinger members ; ian haug ( guitar ) , john collins ( bass ) , and steven bishop ( drum , vocal ) , and thus pick up the pace was influenced by the band 's early work .
43	track listing all songs written by killola unlockable bonus tracks both written by killola '' who we think we are '' - 3 : 51 '' cracks in the armor '' - 3 : 44 personnel lisa rieffel -- vocals johnny dunn -- bass mike ball -- guitar danny grody -- drums notes the song is this a love song was later released with added vocals from french singer anais .
24	although the group were strongly influenced by the ink spots , the delta rhythm boys and the mills brothers , they used ricks ' bass voice , rather than a more conventional tenor , as the lead on many of their recordings , and this became their trademark style .
28	the country music version of the band included j.p. pennington ( guitar , lead vocals ) , les taylor ( guitar , vocals ) , sonny lemaire ( bass , vocals ) , marlon hargis ( keyboards ) and steve goetzman/gary freeman ( drums ) .
54	in 2000 , hornsby chronicled this journey with a compilation live album entitled here come the noise makers , and did extensive touring with his new band featuring john '' j. t. '' thomas ( keyboards , organ ) , bobby read ( saxophone , woodwinds , flute ) , j. v. collier ( bass ) , doug derryberry ( guitar , mandolin ) , and several different drummers before sonny emory took over full-time .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is intimately scored for three vocal soloists ( soprano , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , corno da caccia , two oboe , two violins , viola , and basso continuo .
6	unusually , they now had two bass players , graham knight on 4 string and pat fairley on 6 string ( fairley having dropped the standard rhythm guitar normally associated with rock groups of the early 1960s ) .
20	track listing personnel serge chaloff -- baritone saxophone sonny clark -- piano philly joe jones -- drums leroy vinnegar -- bass release history in 2004 , definitive records released blue serge and boston blow up !
15	the current frankenbok line-up consists of aaron butler ( guitar ) , tim miedecke ( bass and backing vocals ) , mick morley ( drums ) , dan mcdougall ( vocals ) and nathan ` yeti ' amatnieks ( guitar ) .
12	in the meantime he studied to be an opera singer , a bass .
10	track listing personnel aaron cometbus -- drums bill schneider -- bass billie joe armstrong -- guitar , vocals jason white -- guitar , vocals production billie joe armstrong - producer ramón bretón - mastering aaron cometbus - graphic design , artwork bill schneider - photography notes ^ \* wilhelm fink is another name for billie joe armstrong , the writer of the track '' 27 '' .
5	john todds later joined on bass .
31	career set up in 1975 as the house band of the channel one studios owned by joseph hoo kim , the revolutionaries with sly dunbar on drum and robbie shakespeare on bass , created the new '' rockers '' style that would change the whole jamaica sound ( from roots reggae to rockers , and be imitated in all other productions .
31	in addition to vocalist reese roper , the band was formed by fellow five iron member sonnie johnston ( guitar ) , ethan luck ( guitar ) , john warne ( bass , background vocals ) , and josh abbott ( drum ) .
21	track listing production credits producers : tony visconti musicians : david bowie : vocals earl slick : guitar herbie flowers : bass michael kamen : keyboards tony newman : drum david sanborn : saxophone richard grando : saxophone pablo rosario : backing vocals gui andrisano : backing vocals warren peace : backing vocals live versions the same version released on single and david live also appeared on the dutch release rock concert .
32	the founding members were olaf drauschke and guenter barton ( first and second baritone ) , holger off and marco woytowicz ( first and second tenor ) , tilmann f. rönnebeck ( bass ) , and horst maria merz ( pianist ) .
5	welch often showed off his bass skills while working for the housemartins , so it was no surprise that , when the beautiful south was formed , he was one of the first to be asked to join .
4	kirilo -- vocals , bass , casiotone .
19	nicola zaccaria ( 9 march 1923 - 24 july 2007 ) , born nicholas angelos zachariou was a greek bass .
17	scoring and structure the cantata is festively scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , tromba da tirarsi to double the cantus firmus , three oboe , two violin , viola , and continuo .
3	he also played bass on wintersun 's first album before hiring a full-time line-up .
15	beginning in 2003 , the band 's line-up includes : andy calvert ( vocals , bass ) , richard steinmeyer ( vocals , banjo ) , zach lively ( vocals , guitar , harmonica ) , travis hembree ( accordion , washboard ) , and tony kistka ( drums ) .
30	original band members consisted of dave coutts ( vocals , guitar ) , jim schumacher ( keyboards , vocals ) , mark templin ( guitar ) , rusty riopelle ( bass ) , and steve coutts ( drums ) .
18	tracklisting personnel joan wasser -- vocals , guitar , strings , clavinet , electric piano tyler wood -- bass , electric organ , trumpet , piano , synthesizer , percussion , backing vocals parker kindred -- drums , percussion , backing vocals doug wieselman -- baritone saxophone and tenor saxophone oren bloedow -- guitar briggan krauss -- baritone saxophone , alto saxophone steven bernstein -- trumpet and french horn joseph arthur , nathan larson , michelle zayla , stephanie mckay , toshi reagon -- backing vocals reggie watts -- outro on ` holy city ' , human beatbox on ` the classic ' .
16	personnel joe cocker -- vocals richie zito -- production , guitar arthur barrow -- synthesizer , bass mike baird -- drums dick hyde -- horn joel peskin -- horn steve madaio -- horn elisecia wright -- backing vocals julia tillman waters -- backing vocals maxine green -- backing vocals other cover versions etta james covered the song in a 1974 single , published by chess records and produced by gabriel mekler .
13	roles ulisse -- baritone calypso -- soprano nausicaa -- soprano re alcinoo -- bass demodoco -- tenor circe -- mezzo-soprano la madre di anticlea -- soprano tiresia -- tenor pisandro -- baritone antinoo -- baritone eurimaco -- tenor melanto -- mezzo-soprano eumeo -- tenor telemaco -- contralto penelope -- soprano ancella 1 -- soprano ancella 2 -- contralto notes and references sources casaglia , gherardo ( 2005 ) .
12	the songs on this album are more folk-oriented with occasional harmonica , bass , drums , banjo and mandolin as opposed to the previous releases which only consisted of acoustic guitar and piano .
15	she was born in oderzo and studied at the venice conservatory and in turin with bass antonio cassinelli and soprano maria carbone .
15	william '' billy '' cox ( born october 18 , 1941 ) is an american bass , best known for performing with jimi hendrix .
15	deal was the only person to respond , but arrived at the audition without a bass as she had never played the instrument before .
8	their live set up involves electric guitar , bass , keyboards , drum machines , effects , and samplers .
25	watershed is an american rock band based in columbus , ohio , consisting of colin gawel ( guitar , vocals ) , joe oestreich ( bass , vocals ) , joe peppercorn ( piano , guitar ) , dave masica ( drums ) .
19	band members craig welch - lead vocals , guitar gordon gibson - lead vocals , guitar sam mccall - bass , vocals ted wood - guitar , vocals ben burt - drums background according to promotional material supplied with the release of mutilation makes identification difficult , '' they had the stupid name ( brutal juice ) before the stupid o.j. stuff .
22	personnel ; eyehategod mike williams -- vocals jimmy bower -- guitar brian patton -- guitar joey lacaze -- drums vince leblanc -- bass ; technical personnel billy anderson -- production , engineering , mixing perry cunningham -- remaster tom bejgrowitz -- additional layout charles elliott -- reissue coordination on the album the credits for each member of the band are shown in a different way .
14	hoskyns describes the music as being '' set to an insistent , crudely funky bass pulse .
19	in the fifth self-title album , they have used some classical instruments will be played along with guitar , bass and drums .
23	afterwards , the cello rises in volume until it unexpectedly fades and the orchestra takes over , progressing with repeating trumpet and rapid bass ( not unlike the brass repetition of mars , the bringer of war in holst's the planets ) ; this builds into a climactic moment in the movement , an ecstatic , dance-like section with layered harmonies , punctuated by distant clangs of a bell .
18	track listing extra tracks uk bonus track personnel ty vaughn - lead vocals / guitar matt koenig - bass / vocals josh baird - drums / percussion other contributors produced by bill stevenson & jason livermore mixed by unknown recorded blasting room in fort collins , colorado , usa .
11	the voice types ( character tenor , soprano , bass-baritone , bass , coloratura soprano ) equal the roles .
35	the original members are : kirk wall ( master of ceremonies and sometime - elvis impersonator ) , guitar and fiddle mario hildago , banjo dennis fetchet , fiddle john marshall ( founder ) , bass mario was later replaced before the opening inside the golden horseshoe saloon on december 18 , 1994 by evan marshall ( mandolin ) , who left the band in 2003 .
10	vocal booths can be used also to record guitars , bass , percussion , or when some overdubs are needed .
18	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for four vocal soloists -- soprano , alto , tenor and bass -- a four-part choir ( satb ) , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
14	track listing personnel mike majewski -- vocals ruben rosas -- guitar chris andrews -- bass eric park -- drums additional personnel travis ryan -- vocals ( '' fucked with rats '' ) production erik rutan -- production release history conceived in sewage was released in north america on february 19 , 2013 , on february 22 in certain european countries , and on february 25 in the uk and the rest of the world .
17	fernando corena ( december 22 , 1916 -- november 26 , 1984 ) was a turkish swiss bass who had a major international opera career from the late 1940s through the early 1980s .
14	conal coad is an australian opera singer known for his dramatic interpretations of the bass repertoire .
28	the band uses a mix of modern and medieval instruments , such as the lute , cittern , crumhorn and rauschpfeife , along with the moog synthesizer , bass and electric guitar .
12	it has 150 singing members in soprano , alto , tenor and bass sections .
15	colloquially , it refers to a voice with a range and tone somewhere between a bass and a baritone .
16	they made their name with a distinctive style of power pop , fusing samples , sequenced bass and drum machine with rock 'n ' roll guitar and off-beat wordplay-loaded lyrics .
24	jackson , purdie , laws , knowles , and saunders all returned to play on free will and were joined by jerry jemmott playing bass , david spinozza on guitar , and horace ott ( arranger and conductor ) .
27	martin was persuaded by harvey and then further developed '' clocks '' while other band members supplemented their ideas based on the main piano track , adding bass and drums .
20	track listing tracks previously unreleased credits brock lindow - vocals steve holt - guitar , background vocals mick whitney - bass thomas noonan - drums raithon clay - guest voalist , destroy the map ( single version ) destroy the map - music written by steve holt and t. noonan , lyrics by brock lindow .
12	personnel djalma correa -- surdo , conga , triangle larry klein -- bass richard tee -- piano mark rivera -- processed saxophone peter gabriel -- vocals , cmi , prophet , piano , cs-80 usage in film and television '' mercy street '' featured in the 1986 episode killshot of the third series miami vice , in the opening sequence of 1991 brazilian soap opera o sorriso do lagarto ( the lizard 's smile ) , in the 2006 episode of '' cold case '' entitled '' the river , '' and in the film life or something like it ( 2002 ) , starring angelina jolie and edward burns .
31	the album was recorded in stereo quadraphonic sound and featured guest performances by members of the grateful dead , including jerry garcia playing treated guitar and phil lesh playing electronic alembic bass .
1	- bass , backing vocals , leader .
14	track listing personnel keith morris - vocals greg hetson - guitar zander schloss - bass keith clark - drums karat faye - producer , engineer eddy schreyer - mastering edward j. repka - design mark weinberg - art direction gary leonard - photography miscellanea track 9 , '' fortunate son '' , is a creedence clearwater revival cover .
20	until 2011 , the group consisted of eight voices : two soprano , two alto , two tenor and two bass .
28	personnel the musicians who performed on the original recording were as follows : john lennon -- vocals , piano , organ ringo starr -- drums klaus voormann -- bass cover versions the song was covered by snow patrol in 2005 , for make some noise , amnesty international , which was later released on the 2007 benefit album .
16	her biography on the mtv web site formerly told a story of the daughter of a bass player from the polish group '' chervony gitary '' , yanyk ponaroshku , whose family fled poland for the soviet union in 1989 following the rise of the solidarity movement .
18	he is the younger brother of the 1960s pop star eden kane , for whom he briefly played bass , and the elder brother of pop singer clive sarstedt .
44	track listing the 1959 vinyl album ; side one the 2006 cd rerelease personnel thelonious monk piano donald byrd trumpet eddie bert trombone robert northern french horn jay mcallister tuba phil woods alto saxophone charlie rouse tenor saxophone pepper adams baritone saxophone sam jones bass art taylor drums tributes as from 2010 , american jazz pianist jason moran went on tour with his project in my mind , a multimedia presentation heavily inspired by thelonious monk 's concert at the town hall .
30	biography born in wigston magna , leicestershire , carter studied music at the university of leeds , before moving to york and joining the choir at the minster as a bass .
17	personnel josh dion - lead vocals / drums patrick firth - keyboards / vocals brian killeen - bass daniel hindman - guitar / vocals sarah versprille - lead vocals / percussion history in early 2004 , dion began writing and rehearsing original material with guitarist daniel hindman , keyboardist pat firth , and bassist brian killeen .
21	members the four members of the group are : soprano : sally cameron alto : naomi crellin tenor : nick begbie bass : andrew piper in late 2011 through to mid 2012 , joy hague covered for naomi crellin while she was on maternity leave , until crellin returned in late 2012 .
48	eisbrecher ( ; german for '' icebreaker '' ) are a german neue deutsche härte band that consists primarily of alexander wesselsky ( vocals ) and noel pix ( lead guitar / programming ) , with live support from jürgen plangger ( guitar ) , dominik palmer ( bass ) , achim färber ( drums ) .
14	in 1984 , when half man half biscuit were formed , crossley moved to bass and the two were joined by nigel 's brother simon blackwell ( lead guitar ) and his friend paul wright ( drums ) , both previously with a group called attempted moustache .
27	the members of the band use stage name and are : angelina galactique ( backing vocals , flute , keyboards , melodica ) , tommy glorioso ( bass ) , jim goldworth ( lead vocals , electric and acoustic guitar ) , kingo ( drum and percussion ) and mickey maniac ( backing vocals , guitar , melodica ) .
28	track listing personnel clive nolan -- keyboards , background vocals mick pointer -- drums rob sowden -- vocals john mitchell -- guitar , background vocals ian salmon -- bass productions karl groom -- engineer nick webb -- mastering dave wyatt -- art direction , design contagion max a 10 year anniversary limited edition was announce with a pre-order campaign in october 2013 .
5	william was trained in jazz bass and guitar , while matt played in several shoegaze and punk bands before joining war tapes .
23	their original line-up consisted of high school friends russ eckell ( vocals ) , david nenner ( guitar ) , travis lockhart ( bass ) , and blake silvea ( drums ) .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir only for the closing chorale , oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
44	the line-up included former wizzard and move member rick price ( pedal steel guitar ) , alongside bob wilson ( trombone ) , billy paul ( alto and baritone saxes ) , paul robbins ( keyboard , backing vocals ) , graham gallery ( bass ) , and dave donovan ( drum ) .
14	the elder magic ( sam ) let the younger magic ( slim ) play bass with his band and gave him his nickname .
15	it is composed of noel campillo ( guitar and vocals ) , felix muñiz ( bass and vocals ) and sergi monroy ( drums ) .
27	the basic line up included roger north on drums , norm rogers on guitar and phil thayer on keyboard , sax and flute , with jon on bass and dan doing the bulk of the lead vocals .
42	members current members reagan jones - vocals , songwriting , keyboards andrew sega - keyboards , guitar , programming , production former members matthew morris - keyboards , programming , production additional touring members ned kirby ( stromkern ) - keyboards , bass brian pearson - guitars blitz carthey - drums discography studio albums disconnect ( 1999 ) awakening ( 2003 ) wrath ( 2005 ) blacklight ( 2010 ) radiant ( 2014 ) other albums reconnect ( 2003 ) - remix album , accompaniment to disconnect .
15	they became a quintet with the introduction of shimeda ( guitar ) , atsushi ( bass ) , and rinta ( drum ) in december 2000 .
9	at the close of the gala , the renowned bass feodor chaliapin read an emotional farewell speech in both italian and russian .
24	track listing personnel band members manne ikonen - vocals tommi kiviniemi - guitar wille naukkarinen - guitar veli-matti suihkonen - drums janne julin - bass guests aleksi munter -- keyboards production recorded by antti malinen at seawolf studios , helsinki , finland .
22	personnel according to ian macdonald : john lennon -- lead vocal , piano paul mccartney -- lead vocal , harmony vocal , bass , acoustic guitar , piano , synthesizer george harrison -- lead vocal , harmony vocal , electric slide guitar , acoustic guitar , ukulele ringo starr -- drums , harmony vocal track listings all songs written by john lennon , paul mccartney , george harrison and ringo starr , except where noted .
21	the lineup at this time was bill backes on drums , cara davis on percussion / vocals , rick eells on bass , douglas haynes on saxophone , brandon mason on trumpet / trombone , noah tabakin on lead vocals/saxophone , and michael wengler on guitar .
24	personnel keith emerson - pipe organ , hammond c3 and l100 organs , moog modular synthesizer , ribbon controller , clavinet greg lake - bass , acoustic guitar , vocals carl palmer - percussion , drums production producer : greg lake engineer : eddie offord remastering : joseph m. palmaccio arrangers : keith emerson , greg lake cover design : william neal cover painting : william neal artwork : william neal photography : nigel marlow , keith morris lyrics : greg lake , richard fraser charts the album reached # 3 in the uk album chart in december 1971 , only by virtue of the fact that budget-priced albums ( of which pictures at an exhibition was one ) , were eligible for inclusion at that time .
41	personnel van morrison - vocals john allair - organ pee wee ellis - tenor and baritone saxophone mark isham - trumpet mark knopfler - guitar gary mallaber - drums chris michie - lead guitar michele segan - percussion rob wasserman - bass covers mark arneson covered it on the 2005 tribute album , smooth sax tribute to van morrison pee wee ellis included a cover on his 1994 album , sepia tonality .
47	they are distinctive for their rich a cappella adaptations of traditional cuban salsa music , son , and rumba , such as their renditions of '' el cuarto de tula '' and '' la negra tomasa '' , vocally imitating the piano , cowbell , conga , bass , and trumpet , used originally in such songs .
23	track listing side one side two personnel john lydon -- vocals , sleeve paintings keith levene -- guitar , synthesiser jah wobble -- bass martin atkins -- drums charts uk '' paris au printemps '' briefly entered the uk albums chart , where it stayed for 2 weeks and reached # 61 on 22 november 1980 .
29	members current paul arnush - drums rob batke - keyboard , laptop steven batke - vocals , guitar tim batke - vocals , guitar , keyboard scott gallant - bass former joel hitchcock nathan seatter discography albums high expectations/low results ( october 18 , 2005 ) m4 ( december 11 , 2007 ) faunts remixed ( november 18 , 2008 ) feel.love.thinking.of ( february 17 , 2009 ) left here alone - ep ( november 17 , 2012 ) singles m4 , pt .
13	by the age of fifteen and a half he already had a deep bass voice , which he used at the evening institute where he studied harmony .
8	orchestration requiem canticles is scored for contralto and bass soloists , mixed chorus , and an orchestra consisting of 3 flute ( 3rd doubles on piccolo ) , alto flute , 2 bassoon , 4 horn , 2 trumpet , 3 trombone , timpani ( 2 performers ) , 2 percussionists ( xylophone , vibraphone , and tubular bells ) , harp , piano , celesta , and strings .
9	band members dennis o'malley - drums ken kochajda - bass / vocals adam leroy - guitar / vocals discography 2006 - '' murder mystery '' 2007 - '' big rockets go now !
20	he is also a main choice of mimicry artists in kerala , due to his older looking skin and high bass voice .
15	alan henry spenner ( 7 may 1948 -- 11 august 1991 ) was a british bass player who performed with wynder k. frog , the grease band , abc , david coverdale , david soul , joe cocker , lynda carter , peter frampton , ted nugent , mick taylor , murray head , kokomo , roxy music , and played on the original 1970 concept album jesus christ superstar .
10	musically , '' mudshovel '' relies on a distinctive three-note bass line that shifts into a rumbling low .
12	steve hansgen is a musician from washington , d.c . who played bass in the hardcore punk band minor threat in the fall of 1982 while original bassist brian baker switched to second guitar .
16	gregory reinhart ( born 18 june 1951 in pavilion , new york ) is an american bass opera singer .
21	as of 2008 , the band members are gregory grene ( button accordion and lead vocals ) , ed kollar ( bass and backup vocals ) , dave fahy ( guitar and lead vocals ) , darren maloney ( banjo ) and eamon ellams ( drums ) .
15	douglas arthur '' doug '' wimbish ( born september 22 , 1956 ) is a bass player , primarily known for his studio work for the rap/hip hop label sugarhill records and his membership of the rock band living colour .
16	personnel kenny rogers - vocals barry gibb - guitar , arranger maurice gibb - guitar , bass , synthesizer tim renwick - guitar george terry - guitar george bitzer - piano , synthesizer albhy galuten - piano , synthesizer , arranger ron ziegler - drums joe lala - percussion the gatlin brothers - vocals chart performance barry gibb version barry gibb 's version of '' buried treasure '' was a guideline for rogers ' album eyes that see in the dark released in 1983 , this version was not released until 2006 .
31	the defranco family recorded at united western recorders studios in hollywood with accompaniment by wrecking crew veterans hal blaine on drum , larry carlton on guitar , and max bennett on bass .
11	the members are cholil on vocal and guitar , adrian on bass and akbar on drums .
19	john munson ( born december 13 , 1966 ) is a minneapolis musician who is best known as the bass player for semisonic .
5	) was a german operatic bass .
0	bass singer jones left in 1973 , and was replaced in quick succession by stanley anderson , willie kensey , and then doc roberson .
45	personnel steve ignorant - vocals joy de vivre - vocals phil free - guitar gee vaucher - voices , artwork eve libertine - vocals n. a. palmer - guitar ( rhythm ) , vocals , voices penny rimbaud - drums , vocals pete wright - bass paul ellis - piano , strings crass - producer john loder - engineer judy - typing quotes '' the listener experiences and shares the performer 's exhaustion as voices crack , the beat wanders , energy flags and returns '' - george mckay describing the album in senseless acts of beauty ( verso , 1996 ) tracks cd release ` crassical collection ' reissue tracklisting note that the tracks on disc 1 are cut up incorrectly .
17	prosper dérivis nicolas-prosper dérivis ( 28 october 1808 - 11 february 1880 ) was a french operatic bass .
12	; support member kensuke '' kenken '' kaneko ( 金子賢輔 ) - bass ( 2011 -- present ) kenken has been the support and live bassist for dragon ash since 2011 .
34	members james sabina -- tenor ( medalist ) 1996 -- present bob hartley -- lead ( medalist ) 1994 -- present kelly shepard -- baritone ( medalist ) 2004 -- present brian philbin -- bass ( medalist ) 1994 -- present previous members include : mike mcgee -- baritone ( medalist ) 1994 -- 2004 ken potter -- tenor 1994 -- 95 awards 2002 -- 06 international bronze medalist quartet ( barbershop harmony society ) 1996 -- 97 far western district champions ( barbershop harmony society ) 1998 grand national a cappella champions ( / ) 1996 '' the masters of harmony '' quartet of the year 1998 cara ( ) nominee ( for '' best barbershop recording '' and '' best barbershop song '' ) television appearances - diy network , originally aired on hgtv ( home and garden television ) - e !
22	myron william whitney ( 5 september 1836 , ashby , massachusetts - 18 september 1910 , sandwich , massachusetts ) was a bass opera singer from the united states .
32	personnel ; tokyo jihen ringo sheena vocals ukigumo electric guitars and acoustic guitars , backing vocals ichiyo izawa keyboard instrument , synthesizer , electric guitars on '' senkō shōjo '' seiji kameda bass toshiki hata drums , percussion ; additional personnel makoto minagawa synthesizers on '' senkō shōjo '' charts and certifications charts sales and certifications chart procession and succession content and structure the album , much like many of sheena 's solo works and the band 's previous albums ( such as shōso strip , adult ) , features a symmetrical track list .
6	the band first began by recording bass , drums , and guitar first , and then adding scannel 's vocals .
35	in addition to being accomplished musicians , the kentucky colonels ' music often featured close harmony vocals , with clarence singing lead and baritone , roland singing lead and tenor , roger on lead and bass , and billy ray singing lead , tenor and high baritone .
8	after ferbie left , pinkney switched to the bass part , in which he was heard on '' honey love , '' '' white christmas , '' '' adorable , '' '' ruby baby , '' and many other early drifters recordings .
5	it features rob douglas on bass and davey latter on drums .
22	they consist of becky stefani ( vocals and guitar ) , melissa marx ( synths and vocals ) , nikki vaughan ( bass and vocals ) , and becky 's younger brother ashley wade ( drums ) .
24	avi salloway and celia woodsmith started in 2009 performing in the northeast with their new band hey mama a quartet featuring paul chase on bass and jared seabrook on drums for two years before disbanding and moving on to new projects .
12	kelly co-founded kingfish in 1973 with new riders of the purple sage bass player dave torbert and fellow san francisco bay area musicians robbie hoddinott , chris herold , and mick ward .
23	; villainy neill fraser -- guitar , vocals , piano dave johnston -- drums , percussion thomas watts -- guitar james dylan -- bass ; credits produced , mixed and recorded by tom larkin .
35	after his return , he recorded as one member of the columbia male quartet , known after 1906 as the peerless quartet , who originally also included tenor henry burr and albert campbell , and bass tom daniels .
19	track listing personnel gavin hayes -- vocals , acoustic guitar , mandolin mark engles -- guitar drew roulette -- bass dino campanella -- drums , piano additional musicians ron saint germaine -- vocals zack hexum -- saxophone greg ellis -- percussion music videos '' same ol' road '' directed by american mcgee .
13	the song utilizes a unique melodic structure in that its main guitar and bass riff are in the key of e minor , while lead vocalist brandon boyd 's melody is performed in the key of e major , with the notes cleverly placed to prevent the clashing minor third ( g ) and major third ( g # ) from occurring simultaneously .
2	jeffreys played bass on the first two albums of steve harley & cockney rebel , and later worked with a number of british bands , including be-bop deluxe , warm jets ( 1977-1980 ) and electric eels ( 1980-1981 ) .
30	track listing all titles written by cock sparrer original release side a side b subsequent releases 1993 bonus track 2001 bonus tracks personnel colin mcfaul − vocals steve burgess − bass steve bruce − drums mickey beaufoy − lead guitar chris skepis − rhythm guitar release history in entertainment the song england belongs to me is the entrance song for ufc fighter dan hardy .
11	personnel jimi hendrix guitar , vocals mitch mitchell drums billy cox bass literature brigitte tast , hans-jürgen tast : fehmarn - das regen-festival .
16	he founded the power trio my head with excel former drummer greg saenz and played the bass in the indie rock band eels .
18	alan cartwright ( born alan george cartwright ; 10 october 1945 in london , england ) was a bass player , but now runs a bar .
27	by the time he made the 1966 recording of the lincoln center production of the musical , his voice had deepened from merely bass-baritone to a full-fledged bass , and he could not sing the climactic high note on ol' man river as easily as he had in the 1951 film version , though he sounded fine on his lower notes .
18	track listing personnel grant nicholas -- guitars , vocals , keyboards , percussion , production taka hirose -- bass karl brazil -- drums , percussion tim trotter -- drums on '' white lines '' , '' down to the river '' and '' fallen '' matt sime - production , engineering , mixing on '' city in a rut '' chris sheldon - mixing brian sperber - mixing on '' renegades '' and '' sentimental '' tom manning - assistant engineer ted jensen - mastering nigel walton - album sequencing nils leonard - art direction and design dean sherwood - photography basilio silva - photography release history it was released in japan by victor entertainment on june 30 , 2010 , and in the rest of the world through big teeth music on july 5 , 2010 .
44	july for kings , or '' jfk '' , is a cincinnati , ohio - based alternative rock band founded by joe hedges ( vocals , guitar ) , sam dobrozsi ( drums ) , travis delaney ( guitar ) , jason morgan ( bass ) , and t miller ( cello , guitar ) .
20	career radio stars were formed by ex - john 's children vocalist andy ellison , sparks exile martin gordon ( bass , songwriter ) , and ian macleod ( guitar ) in 1977 , following the end of their underachieving glam supergroup , jet , the previous year .
26	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for four solo voices pallas as soprano , pomona as alto , zephyrus as tenor , and aeolus as bass a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , two horns , two flute , two oboe , oboe d'amore , two violin , viola , viola d'amore , viola da gamba , and basso continuo .
52	enhanced cd contents mp3 tracks stigmata high-five -- 2 : 44 ants -- 2 : 00 videos the making of '' stigmata high-five '' -- 5 : 13 the wrecking -- 4 : 57 personnel topon das -- guitar , keyboard mel mongeon -- vocals , artwork , lyrics steve chartier -- bass , vocals mathieu vilandré -- drums , guitar jean-philippe latour -- engineer , producer , photography fuck the facts -- producer timothy leo -- lyrics recording this album marks the first time that the band recorded in a studio other than their own , and with a producer outside of the band .
1	a bass , lumsden had a distinguished career as an opera singer , performing several times at the royal opera house in london 's covent garden , and also at the aldeburgh and glyndebourne festivals .
24	credits personnel keith emerson -- hammond organ , st. marks church organ , piano , celeste , moog synthesizer greg lake -- vocals , bass , electric guitar , acoustic guitar carl palmer -- drums , assorted percussion production recorded at advision studios , london in january 1971 produced by greg lake for e. g. records engineer -- eddy '' are you ready '' offord arranged and directed by emerson , lake & palmer paintings -- william neal ( c.c.s. assoc .
21	unlike other ishine artists , armstrong 's album wake up boasts a hard rock sound , with guitar solo , profound bass , and occasional vocals , as opposed to the normal pop sound performed by other ishine artists .
25	track listing personnel ed wynne -- guitar , synthesizer , samps seaweed ( christopher lenox-smith ) -- synthesizers john egan -- flute zia geelani -- bass johnny morgan -- drums rad ( conrad price ) -- drums callum wait - bongo drums trivia a pyramidion is the uppermost piece of an egyptian pyramid .
6	his voice ( segers is a bass ) earned him a lot of attention , and caught the attention of an agent that led segers to be cast as mufasa in the australian production of the lion king .
10	the oratorio is scored for soprano , tenor , and bass soloists , with standard satb chorus and symphony orchestra .
3	sebastien duhaime - bass .
2	she played bass for clown alley and for the melvins .
25	scoring and structure the title is given by bach as : the cantata is structured in seven movements and is festively scored for tenor and bass soloists , a four-part choir , two horn , two recorder , two oboes da caccia , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
18	personnel myles goodwyn vocals , guitar david henman vocals , guitar ritchie henman drums jim clench vocals , bass flautist keith jollimore .
81	track listing thad jones ( deb 127 ) lp side a : lp side b : later cd re-issue bonus tracks : original 10 inch lp releases : the fabulous thad jones ( dlp 12 ) lp side a : lp side b : thad jones/charles mingus - jazz collaborations , vol . 1 ( dlp 17 ) lp side a : lp side b : all track times are from cd re-issue personnel thad jones -- trumpet charles mingus -- bass on the 1954 the fabulous thad jones tracks : frank wess -- tenor saxophone , flute hank jones -- piano kenny clarke -- drums on the 1955 thad jones / charles mingus jazz collaborations vol .
19	hunt took up the drum at age 7 , and saxophone at the age of 8 , later adding bass and keyboards .
11	in addition , parsons plays acoustic guitar and piano , with bass , banjo and drums being played by chris hillman , roger mcguinn and kevin kelley respectively .
29	members the original group consisted of harry douglas ( baritone ) , vernon gardner ( first tenor ) , george lawson ( second tenor ) and edward ware ( bass ) .
16	the members of the band were matt harrop on vocals and guitar , luke hutching on bass , phil smiley on drum , and pip brown on lead guitar and background vocals .
3	анисимов ) , bass soloist ( of the odessa opera house ) .
6	they were joined by two alternating bass -- keter betts and charlie 's brother , gene ( joe ) byrd -- and two drum -- buddy deppenschmidt and bill reichenbach -- for the recording at all souls church , unitarian in washington , d.c . on february 13 , 1962 , and it was released on april 20 , that year as verve lp v6-8432 .
26	the band was composed of lead singer and fiddler rani arbo , jeff kelliher on guitar , mandolin , and vocals , and andrew kinsey on bass and vocals .
14	other band members , as well , displayed great versatility within their artistry , bass , bobby watson , becoming a successful producer amid the 1980s , during which time , watson , was asked by artist/producer rené moore , of rené & angela , to come along side the two , in hopes he 'd bring ( to the collaborative table ) , the same solid '' signature funk '' groove/sound , that had become such a soulfully distinctive characteristic/trademark of rufus / chaka khan ' monster ` music ' machine .
38	after releasing the extended-play album upside of the downside in 2003 , wolferman moved to brooklyn from seattle , washington , and began collaborating with new members , including adam sylvia on guitar and marc alan goodman on bass , among a rotating group of performance and studio musicians .
14	from 1946 on he studied at the royal conservatory of the hague with the bass willem ravelli .
8	this was the only track credited solely to bass player phil small on any of the band 's albums apart from '' notion for you '' on the 1994 rarities album teenage love ( small co-wrote '' the game '' from twentieth century with walker ) .
13	track listing side one side two credits talulah gosh was chris scott - bass peter momtchiloff - guitar amelia fletcher - vocals and guitar mathew fletcher - drums elizabeth price - vocals and guitar ( side one ) eithne farry - vocals ( side two ) side one produced by barry andrews and engineered by martyn parker originally broadcast on the janice long show , 7.8.86 side two produced by dale griffin and engineered by mike engles and paul long originally broadcast on the john peel show , 11.1.88 thanks to mike hawkes and john walters thank you to gregory note the line '' they 're back !
49	influences led zeppelin cream jeff buckley the beatles queen nine inch nails muse ludwig van beethoven wolfgang amadeus mozart johann sebastian bach oasis depeche mode radiohead the new regime live line up ilan rubin : vocals , piano , guitar chris lewis : guitar , vocals danny rubin : bass , vocals hayden scott : drums ( trevor faris , a local drummer , is filling in for him ) discography ; denver harbor extended play ( ep ) ( 2003 ) scenic ( 2004 ) ; lostprophets liberation transmission ( only drummed on '' for all these times son , for all these times '' and '' everybody 's screaming !
4	he studied singing ( bass ) for two years at the longy school of music .
15	ludwig weber ( july 29 , 1899 december 9 , 1974 ) was an austrian bass .
14	in the early 1990s , vanilla ice ( rob van winkle ) sampled the bass of the 1981 song '' under pressure '' by queen and david bowie for his 1990 single '' ice ice baby '' .
5	fishermen will find trout , bass , perch and bullhead in chenango lake .
22	in 1970 , bryndle recorded sessions for an album for a & m records , with peter bernstein and dennis wood playing bass and drums , respectively .
27	overview the five member band features : alan veniscofsky ( guitar , vocals ) ryan ` bowman ' bowman ( guitar , vocals ) dan prindle ( bass , cello , vocals ) bryan kelly ( drums ) kurt rinaldi ( percussion , marimba ) discography magnetic north ( 2005 ) telescope ep ( 2005 ) the hope seed/from the vine vol .
6	members albert witchfinder - vocals , bass peter vicar - guitar earl of void - drums , guitar , keyboards previous members juippi - drums discography studio albums eps and singles splits demos practice sessions ( unpublished rehearsal tape , 1995 ) slice of doom ( 1999 ) you shall suffer !
9	walter schneider ( 1878-1935 ) was a german operatic bass .
37	members shoco - real name : shōko suzuki ( 鈴木翔子 ) - vocal tomo 2 - real name : tomoko midorikawa ( 翠川智子 ) - guitar ayaka - real name : ayaka haraguchi ( 原口彩香 ) - bass reona - real name : reona suzuki ( 鈴木玲緒奈 ) - keyboard ( leader ) sawa 2 - real name : sawako suzuki ( 鈴木佐和子 ) - drums reona and ayaka founded the band with two other original members , who later quit .
15	when lurch appears ( usually immediately thereafter ) , he responds in a very deep bass voice , '' you rang ?
31	scoring and structure in the weimar version , bach scored the cantata four vocal soloists ( soprano ( s ) , alto ( a ) , tenor ( t ) and bass ) ( b ) , a four-part choir , and an orchestra of three trumpet ( tr ) , timpani ( ti ) , recorder ( fl ) or flauto traverso ( ft ) , oboe d'amore ( oa ) , two violin ( vl ) , two viola ( va ) , bassoon ( fg ) , cello ( vc ) , and basso continuo ( bc ) .
12	the album returned to the trio format , featuring jared reynolds on bass and lindsay jamieson on drums .
57	later that same year they put out the streets of san francisco ( swingin ' utters album ) track listing a side : b side : personnel johnny bonnel ( vocals ) greg mcentee ( drums ) darius koski , listed as : ace camaro ( guitar ) kevin wickersham , listed as : the wick ( bass ) max huber ( guitar ) additional guitar on y.d.e. by greg lischer .
32	theo jörgensmann and marcin oles in budapest , concert hall ship a 38 , september 2006 marcin oles ( born 1973 in sosnowiec , poland ) is a jazz and free improvisation bass player , composer and record producer .
6	franklin joined the group as its bass singer , and remained with williams and elbridge bryant when they , paul williams , and eddie kendricks formed the elgins in late 1960 .
20	track listing performers scott russo - vocals steve morris - guitar rob brewer - guitar pat '' pk '' - bass wade youman - drums album information recorded live at the palace in hollywood , california .
23	however , during the mediaeval period among ashkenazi jews there developed the tradition of the hazzan being accompanied for certain prayers by a bass voice ( known in yiddish as singer ) and a descant ( in yiddish , meshorrer ) .
42	acoustically , the choice of a clarinet , violin , and piano is characteristic in that most chamber music ( and most music in general ) contains high ( soprano ) , mid-range ( alto / tenor ) , and low ( bass / baritone ) parts .
15	career kongshaug started playing the accordion ( 1950 ) , guitar ( 1958 ) and bass ( 1964 ) .
9	the band consisted of sam bostic ( vocals , bass ) , rodney lattrel evans ( keyboards ) and dion riley ( drum ) .
63	band members ; original lineup randy california - guitar , vocals ( 1967 -- 72 , 1974 -- 79 , 1982 -- 97 ) ed cassidy - drum ( 1967 -- 72 , 1974 -- 79 , 1982 -- 97 ) john locke - keyboard ( 1967 -- 72 , 1976 , 1982 -- 85 , 1988 -- 89 ) mark andes - bass ( 1967 -- 71 , 1974 , 1976 , 1982 -- 85 , 1988 -- 89 ) jay ferguson - vocals , percussion ( 1967 -- 71 , 1976 , 1982 -- 85 ) ; later members following sardonicus , many musicians passed through the group 's ranks .
31	the members at this time consisted of carey bennett ( rhythm guitar ) , brett oliver ( lead guitar ) , matt harper ( drums ) , and chris comeau ( bass ) .
26	were played by both keith strickland and ricky wilson ; both played the guitar and keyboards , while strickland played the drums and wilson played the bass .
10	personnel trevor mcnevan - vocals and guitar joel bruyere - bass steve augustine - drums jamie aplin - guitar ( music video only ) although the guitar credits go to mcnevan on the recording , the song 's music video features the band 's touring guitarist .
10	a few weeks after , the auditions , andy ( bass ) and fabio ( vocals ) joined .
11	her second marriage was in december 1947 , to the famous bass player ray brown , whom she had met while on tour with dizzy gillespie 's band a year earlier .
43	track listing all songs written by dennis jagard , except '' happy daze '' and '' shelter '' by kevin ruggeri credits kevin ruggeri - drums , vox , ( lead vox on '' shelter '' ) john chapman a.k.a. johnny smoke - bass and vox steve carnan a.k.a. steve von treetrunk - lead guitar dennis jagard - vox , other guitars .
12	a native of prairie view , texas , booker was a reliable bass player and an underrated stylist .
45	history formation the band emerged from the previous band scum , founded in 1988 by paul '' themgoroth '' mäkitalo ( dark funeral ) on vocals , olavi mikkonen on guitar , nico mehra ( aka nico kaukinen ) on drums , petri tarvainen on bass and vesa meriläinen guitar , the band originally played grindcore based on '' jagged riffs , dark atmospheres , untethered vitriol and copious amounts of mead '' .
25	credits and personnel melissa etheridge -- acoustic guitar , guitar , vocals wally badarou -- keyboard craig krampf -- percussion , drums kevin mccormick -- bass johnny lee schell -- guitar scott thurston -- keyboard waddy wachtel -- guitar melissa etheridge , niko bolas , craig krampf , kevin mccormick -- producers chris blackwell , rob fraboni -- executive producers allan blazek , jim nipar -- engineer david kane -- assistant engineer duane seykora , bob vogt -- mixing assistants stephen marcussen -- mastering melissa etheridge , craig krampf -- arrangers george dubose -- photography tony wright -- cover design cover versions german band 2-4 grooves recorded the song under the title '' the way i do '' in a house version and released it as a usual single with another song as a b-side and on a remix single including the radio version and three additional remixes .
7	track listing credits lemmy lead vocals , bass phil '' wizzö '' campbell rhythm and lead guitar mikkey dee drums original tracks recorded at karo studios , brackel , germany by charlie bauerfeind , june 1999-august 1999 .
53	awards best debut : feel the steel - metal hammer germany 2012 live act of the year - loudwire music awards 2013 live act of the year - loudwire music awards members michael starr -- lead vocals , acoustic guitar satchel -- lead guitar , acoustic guitar , backing vocals lexxi foxx -- bass , backing vocals stix zadinia -- drums , percussion , keyboards , piano , backing vocals discography hole patrol ( 2003 ) feel the steel ( 2009 ) balls out ( 2011 ) all you can eat ( 2014 ) videography fat girl ( thar she blows ) – the video ( 2005 ) -- home dvd featuring the music video for the title track and behind-the-scenes footage .
2	janney plays bass and keyboards , as well as singing backing vocals in indie rock / post-hardcore band girls against boys .
24	efforts to increase professionality led to three changes in the early line-up , and quickly michael pelkowsky ( drums ) , rainer landfermann ( bass ) , and claudius schwartz ( vocals ) were regular members .
30	four-part satb vocal settings , especially in hymnal , use a divisi notation on a two-staff system with soprano and alto voices sharing the upper staff , and tenor and bass voices on the lower staff .
18	band members michael persh - lead vocals / guitar greg apro - guitar / vocals davey holmbo - bass / vocals richie lovsin - drums discography studio albums 1988 - common ground 1991 - the future 's not what it used to be eps 1984 - pacquet de cinq ( originally released in 1982 when the band was called '' rhythm method .
7	its instrumentation comes from a guitar , bass and drum .
33	personnel robin gibb -- lead vocals ( first and third verse ) and backing vocals barry gibb -- lead vocals ( second verse ) and backing vocals , rhythm guitar maurice gibb -- bass , piano , backing vocals vince melouney -- lead guitar colin petersen -- drums chart performance cover versions gavin castleton percy sledge dusty springfield jose feliciano cleopatra swamp dogg tim rose moxy früvous the soldiers version in 2011 , the soldiers recorded the song with robin gibb for the royal british legion 's annual charity single .
26	for the majority of its existence , the band was made up of high school friends matt groebe ( lead vocals ) , drew scofield ( bass / backing vocals ) , jeff polaschek ( drums ) , and bryan chesen ( guitar ) .
17	track listing personnel aaron short -- keyboard alisa xayalith -- lead vocals , keyboard david beadle -- bass jesse wood -- drums thom powers -- vocals , guitar trivia on april 21 , 2012 ( when one temporary escape was recorded ) , now , now and the vacationers performed as opening acts for the naked and famous .
47	'' ) branco mello - vocals ( vocals on '' dissertação do papa sobre o crime seguida de orgia '' , '' felizes são os peixes '' , '' nem sempre se pode ser deus '' and '' estados alterados da mente '' ) nando reis - bass and vocals ( vocals in '' hereditário '' ) charles gavin - drums and percussion tony bellotto - guitar marcelo fromer - guitar jack endino - guitar ( final chords in '' agonizando '' ) , rhythm guitar and feedback in '' disneylândia '' trivia the introduction of '' fazer o que ?
31	ratatat ( pronounced ) is a new york city experimental electronic rock duo consisting of mike stroud ( guitar , melodica , synthesizer , percussion ) and producer evan mast ( bass , synthesizer , percussion ) .
17	track listing personnel abdullah ibrahim -- piano , soprano saxophone , voice , leader cecil mcbee -- bass roy brooks -- drums album cover cover art by photographer/software designer michael jai feinberg , who was abdullah ibrahim 's neighbor in bearsville , new york .
21	members neil fallon -- vocals , guitar , keyboards , harmonica , additional percussion tim sult -- guitar dan maines -- bass jean-paul gaster -- drums and percussion mick schauer - keyboards ( 2005 -- 2008 ) clutch in other media fallon 's younger sister , mary alice fallon-yeskey , appears in the food network reality show ace of cakes as office manager of charm city cakes in baltimore , maryland .
31	music double live is a comprehensive live document of butthole surfers ' then-current lineup -- a group that had been playing together non-stop for five years ( with the exception of bass player jeff pinkus ) .
10	philip booth ( born 1942 ) is an american opera bass who is chiefly associated with the basso profundo repertoire .
14	after scallions left fuel , he joined a band called the x 's playing bass .
30	kneebody is an american band formed in 2001 , consisting of adam benjamin on keyboards , shane endsley on trumpet , ben wendel on tenor sax , kaveh rastegar on bass , and nate wood on drums .
17	personnel david bowie : piano , vocals , background vocals dennis davis : percussion george murray : bass sean mayes : piano simon house : mandolin adrian belew : mandolin tony visconti : mandolin , background vocals brian eno : ambient drone other releases it was released as a picture disc as a part of the fashions picture disc set .
15	track listing charts and certifications ; charts ; certifications personnel ; slayer tom araya -- bass , lead vocals jeff hanneman -- lead and rhythm guitar kerry king -- lead and rhythm guitar , backing vocals on '' seasons in the abyss '' and '' skeletons of society '' .
26	the band was co-founded by lead singer and rhythm guitarist mark wilkerson , and currently includes sean kipe ( lead guitar ) , jackson eppley ( bass ) and shane lenzen o'connell ( drums ) .
25	the clientele are a london - based british band with alasdair maclean on vocals and guitar , mark keen on drums , james hornsey on bass and mel draisey on violin , keyboards , backing vocals and percussion .
32	band members ; current members spencer gill - lead guitar ( since 2008 ) , backing vocals ( 2008 2010 ) josh gould - drums ( since 2008 ) alan jaye - bass ( since 2008 ) daniel miller - rhythm guitar ( since 2011 ) ; session studio members spencer bradham - keyboard ( since 2012 ) ; former members tilian pearson - lead vocals , guitar ( 2008 2010 ) adam sene - guitar ( 2008 2009 ) discography albums empire theory - recorded september 2008 by producer matt malpass , released by rise records august 4 , 2009 .
12	personnel martin '' sugar '' merchant ( vocals ) sean mccann ( bass ) robin file ( guitar ) robert '' maxi '' maxfield ( drum ) career the members sung or ` toasted ' vocals on their music .
19	1 , track 2 : idrees sulieman quartet idrees sulieman - trumpet bud powell - piano jimmy woode - bass joe harris - drums vol .
50	her backing band on this album - still called the illuminations - was completely different from the group on her earlier singles , and had a similar line-up to the boxes : clive langer ( guitar / sitar ) , ian broudie ( lead guitar ) , james eller ( bass ) ; jo allen ( drum ) ; and ben barson , brother of madness keyboardist mike barson ( keyboards ) .
21	stracke was a chicago fixture in music , theater , and television in the 1940s and was known for his booming bass voice .
43	in the summer of 2006 the current line-up was finalized : mark kopernicky ( stage name kinky pork cream , guitars ) , gerry keough ( stage name glace frothfritter , drums ) and robert tollefson ( stage name lobo elf snort , bass ) .
32	track listing line-up during the album recording , these were the band members : patrik mennander ( vocals ) anssi auvinen ( guitar ) kai ahvenranta ( guitar ) mika kamppi ( bass ) sami karppinen ( drums ) music videos the only song from this album made into a music video is '' tuonen viemää '' .
16	ruggiero is known primarily as a singer and organist , although he also plays piano , bass , banjo , cigar box guitar , guitar , harmonica and percussion .
29	the glagolitic mass ( or mša glagolskaja ) ( also called missa glagolitica or slavonic mass ) is a composition for soloists ( soprano , contralto , tenor , bass ) , double chorus , organ and orchestra by leoš janáček .
14	members chase robbins -- vocals , guitar jaimeson robbins -- vocals kristin leigh -- bass , backing vocals steven phillips -- drums , percussion carson coldiron - guitar , backing vocals discography studio albums the band was in the studio from september to october 2012 working on their first full length record .
35	the new uncle earl line up is andreassen , groves , stephanie coleman on fiddle , paula bradley on banjo , banjo ukulele and clogging , and rachel eddy on banjo , fiddle , and bass .
42	history early years '' totem '' ( 1993-1997 ) the group was formed in 1993 by guitar adrian henderson , keyboards player / guitarist lachlan mitchell , former mortal sin and slaughter lord drummer steve hughes and dalibor backovic on vocals and bass .
10	origins of the name the original crab society consisted of bass players dan lilker , known from anthrax and nuclear assault , and craig setari , known from agnostic front , nyc mayhem and straight ahead .
22	the particular choice and number of instruments derives from the registers of the human voice : soprano , alto , tenor and bass .
15	the remainder of the band consists of adel moustafa on drums and roland ivenz on bass , with roland '' rollz '' kerschbaumer , who joined the band in 2002 , providing additional guitarwork .
15	clamhead ( voiced by barry gordon ) -- clamhead is a young man who plays bass for the neptunes .
16	scoring and structure the cantata i six movemets is scored for alto , tenor , and bass soloists , a four-part choir , trumpet , two oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
11	track listing line up sven gross -- vocals mike hanus -- bass , guitar stefan hanus -- guitar bastian herzog -- drums credits produced by fleshcrawl & peter tägtgren recorded and mixed at abyss studio , grangärde-pärlby , sweden , 11 .
5	they recruited jon watson on bass and pablo labritain on drum , labritain having briefly played with the clash .
20	production credits producer : tony visconti musician : david bowie : vocals carlos alomar : rhythm guitar george murray : bass dennis davis : drum ricky gardener : guitar brian eno : arp synthesizer , rimmer e.m.i. iggy pop : vocals roy young : piano , farfisa other releases the live version from stage , was released as the b-side of the single '' star '' in 1978 .
32	history the band 's four members , andreas mattsson ( vocals , guitar ) , fredrik norberg ( guitar , vocals ) , pa wikander ( drums ) and kenneth wikstrom ( bass ) , later replaced by arvid lind , formed the band in stockholm in 1991 and released their first mini-album template ( 1992 ) on skellefteå label a west side fabrication .
8	roles hans stadinger , armourer and vet ( bass ) marie , his daughter ( soprano ) count liebnau , nobleman in disguise as '' konrad '' , a journeyman blacksmith ( baritone ) georg , count liebnau 's squire ( tenor ) adelhos , a knight ( baritone ) irmentraut , marie 's governess ( contralto ) brenner , an innkeeper and standinger 's brother-in-law ( tenor ) synopsis act 1 count von liebenau loves marie , the daughter of the armorer stadinger ( who is also a veterinarian ) and wants nothing to do with fräulein von katzenstein .
17	this album includes new versions of his previous hits with new instrumentation : harp , cuatro , bass , maraca and keyboards .
22	the personnel for the faithfull version is herself on vocals , jagger on acoustic guitar , ry cooder on slide guitar and bass , jack nitzsche on piano and organ , and charlie watts on drums .
36	) the band also utilized an array of unique instrumentation , including the tin whistle , violin , mandolin , banjolin , bouzouki , melodeon , and hurdy-gurdy , in addition to the standard guitar , bass and drums .
38	the single , which coupled the band originals '' please let me love you '' and '' do n't be long '' , featured mcguinn , clark , and crosby , augmented by session musician ray pohlman on bass and earl palmer on drums .
21	track listing personnel ; eye empire donald carpenter - lead vocals b.c. kochmit - guitar , backing vocals corey lowery - bass , backing vocals ryan bennett - drums on '' angels & demons '' and '' do n't lie to me .
16	track listing personnel dax riggs -- vocals , guitar mike sanchez -- guitar alex bergeron -- bass chuck pitre -- keyboards jeff mccarty -- drums the album 's artwork was created by the tattoo artist and golgotha guitarist jerry '' boon '' businelli .
20	structure and scoring the cantata in seven movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , corno da tirarsi , a slide horn that bach scored for a short period , flauto traverso , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
13	track listing personnel band members peter '' peavy '' wagner - vocals , bass victor smolski - guitar mike terrana - drum production charly czajkowski - producer , engineering , mixing rage - producer dvd full moon in st. petersburg is a live concert video album by heavy metal band rage , released in dvd , on february 2007 .
28	scoring and structure the work features four vocal soloists : bellona ( soprano ) , pallas ( alto ) , irene ( tenor ) , and fama ( bass ) .
32	humilitas occidit superbiam king 's latest record is another solo effort , released independently , and features king on a broad range of instruments , including cello , drums , keyboard , bass , and guitar .
19	history in the first months of 1980 two young men from madrid juan luis serrano and francisco laguna , bass and guitar , who had been together in other bands such as red box or madrid 20 , decided to form obús .
33	career early years ( 1984 -- 91 ) fields of the nephilim 's initial sound incorporated elements of hard rock , gothic rock , heavy metal and psychedelic rock , and comprised a bass and guitar driven sound underpinned by mccoy 's growled vocals .
11	this is the last release to featuring ma $ hu as bass , he out in 2013 , later replaced by kei .
13	personnel paul mccartney lead , harmony and backing vocals , three piano and bass john lennon harmony and backing vocals , two pianos , conga and handclaps george harrison backing vocal , handbell and handclaps ringo starr drums , tambourine george martin piano , production , orchestration david mason piccolo trumpet solo ray swinfield , p. goody , manny winters flute , piccolo leon calvert , freddy clayton , bert courtley , duncan campbell trumpet , flugelhorn dick morgan , mike winfield oboes , cor anglais frank clarke double-bass in august 1987 , the piccolo trumpet mason played on '' penny lane '' and two other beatles tracks ( '' all you need is love '' and '' magical mystery tour '' ) was sold in an auction at sotheby's for $ 10,846 .
12	the collection included notables such as nathan east and welton gite ( bass ) ; chuck findley ( flugelhorn , trumpet ) ; hank cicalo ( sound engineer ) and bernie grundman ( mastering ) ; les mccann and richard tee ( piano ) ; plus phil upchurch ( rhythm guitar ) .
38	at the time of this concert , the new riders ' lineup consisted of john dawson on guitar and vocals , david nelson on guitar and vocals , buddy cage on pedal steel guitar , stephen love on bass and vocals , and patrick shanahan on drums .
73	current lineup vincent walker - lead vocals , trumpet , guitar , acoustic guitar , keyboard ( 2005 -- present ) , trumpet , backing vocals ( 1998 -- 2004 ) chris lucca - trumpet ( 2013 -- present , 2009-2013 touring ) brian '' robot '' robertson - trombone , backing vocals ( 1998 -- present ) brian klemm - lead guitar , vocals ( 1999 -- present ) brad polidori - bass , backing vocals ( 2010 -- present ) edward larsen - drums ( 2013 -- present ) ; touring members aaron bertram - trumpet , vocals ( 2009 -- present ; local shows only , 1998-2005 ; full member ) suburban legends playing at downtown disney in 2002 .
9	radcliffe was self-taught on the guitar , piano , bass , vibes and drums , preferring to write using his goya acoustic guitar because of its portability .
21	; hole courtney love -- vocals , guitar , composition , writing eric erlandson -- guitar , composition jill emery -- bass , composition caroline rue -- drums , percussion , composition ; technical personnel kim gordon -- producer don fleming -- producer brian foxworthy -- engineer ; art personnel courtney love - art direction vicki berndt -- photography ( front cover ) pizz - typography jill emery - painting ( back cover ) chart positions singles notes 1 .
36	formed on january 1 , 2000 , it has consisted of yomi ( lead vocals ) , sakito ( lead guitar & backing vocals ) , hitsugi ( rhythm guitar ) , ni ~ ya ( bass & backing vocals ) and ruka ( drums & percussion ) for the majority of their career .
20	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for four soloists -- soprano , alto , tenor and bass -- a four-part choir , two oboe , two violin , viola , viola da gamba and basso continuo .
24	the group was put together in 1987 by former waysted vocalist danny vaughn ; brooke st. james ( guitar ) , jimi kennedy ( bass ) , and michael clayton ( drums ) completed the lineup .
10	paul mccartney sings the lead vocals and plays guitar and bass , denny laine plays guitar and sings backing vocals , and linda mccartney provides backing vocals as well .
24	john weider ( born 21 april 1947 , shepherd 's bush , london , england ) is a rock musician who plays guitar , bass , and violin .
37	a. m. ribeiro uhf is a portuguese rock band formed in the late 1970s in almada by antónio manuel ribeiro ( vocals , guitar and keyboard ) , renato gomes ( guitar ) , carlos peres ( bass ) and zé carvalho ( drums ) .
23	adam again was a rock band founded and led by vocalist gene eugene , with riki michele on vocals , paul valadez on bass , jon knox on drums , greg lawless on guitar .
10	track listing personnel tim may : guitars andy muson : bass denny seiwell : drums louis st. louis : keyboards michael gibson : orchestrations reception billboard magazine listed the album among its '' top album picks '' , meaning that the album was predicted to reach the top half of the album chart .
9	as he grew older he eventually switched to playing bass and then guitar .
6	members las ballade ( vocals and bass ) 2004 -- 11 jesper ( drums ) 2008 -- 11 nikolaj ( guitar ) 2004 -- 11 former members : yogi ( vocal ) 2004 -- 05 hasse ( drums ) 2004 -- 08 discography hjertestop demo cs ( maximum od/kick 'n' punch , 2004 ) åårh fuck !
23	the band 's members are dan izzo on vocals , wolfgang on guitar and vocals , adam on drums and todd harkness on bass .
21	david j. van de pitte ( october 28 , 1941 august 9 , 2009 ) was an american music arranger and bass player .
19	scoring and structure the cantata in eight movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir only for the closing chorale , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
12	track listing personnel katie melua - guitar , vocals tim harries - bass , piano on track 12 luke potashnick - guitars steve donnelly - guitars henry spinetti - drums arden hart - keyboards with b j cole - pedal steel on tracks 1,5,9 dominic miller - guitar on tracks 5,9 jim watson - piano on track 2 keith brazil - drums on track 3 paul stanborough - mandolin on track 2 fergus gerrand - drums on tracks 2,6,9-11 william orbit - kalimba on track 6 chart performance in the united kingdom , the album debuted at # 4 with 29,611 copies sold in its first week .
38	louis edward satterfield ( 3 april 1937 , shaw , mississippi , united states -- 27 september 2004 , chicago , illinois ) , also known with the stage names of lui-lui and sat , was an american bass and trombone player , primarily noted as a session musician and for his tours as a sideman with a large number of highly visible and commercially successful blues rock performers including b.b . king , muddy waters , howlin ' wolf , earth , wind & fire , and phil collins .
8	background vocals : nathan connolly , gary lightbody bass : mark mcclelland cello : james banbury engineers : michael bannister , dan swift drums : jonny quinn guitar : gary lightbody , nathan connolly lyrics : gary lightbody mixer : chris lord-alge , snow patrol musical composition : iain archer , nathan connolly , gary lightbody , mark mcclelland , lee potter ( '' post punk progression '' / '' ppp '' only ) , jonny quinn producer : garret '' jacknife '' lee , snow patrol photography : ernst fischer string arrangement : james banbury string arrangement assistant : jeff mclaughlin viola : bruce white violin : alison dodds , fiona mccapra vocals : gary lightbody charts leona lewis version in 2008 , british singer leona lewis covered '' run '' on bbc radio 1 's live lounge on 31 october 2007 .
20	a live version of the song was included in the making of tokyo paranesian video ; with added drums and bass sections ( played by hirasawa 's live band members wataru kamiryo and toshihiko '' bob '' takahashi ) ; unlike other songs in the video , hirasawa plays synthesizer instead of guitar ( although takanori '' taka '' yamaguchi , hirasawa 's live band keyboardist , continued to play keyboard ) ; in this version , a verse of the song is skipped and hirasawa made images in the projection screen with a flashlight , while space sounds were played ; nature footage is played in the projection screen during the early parts of the song , other footage played on the screen during the latter parts of the song includes fire , rotating circles and a mandala .
26	this combination of instruments serves rather as a base and is not fixed , incorporating sometimes other instruments such as fiddle , flute , pandeiro , bass , cavaquinho and acoustic guitar .
3	lee jackson - bass ( born keith anthony joseph jackson , 8 january 1943 , newcastle-upon-tyne ) .
39	the current band line-up includes the founders alexi laiho ( vocals / lead guitar ) and jaska raatikainen ( drums ) along with roope latvala ( rhythm guitar ) , janne wirman ( keyboards ) and henkka seppälä ( bass ) .
39	australian crawl ( often called aussie crawl or the crawl by fans ) were an australia rock band founded by james reyne ( lead vocal / piano ) , brad robinson ( rhythm guitar ) , paul williams ( bass ) , simon binks ( lead guitar ) and david reyne ( drum ) in 1978 .
18	personnel lead vocals , guitar and keys by kira leyden lead guitar and additional vocals by jeff andrea bass by marco hilj drum by eric ortopan ashlee simpson version '' invisible '' was covered by ashlee simpson , released as a single in the summer of 2006 ; to date , it is the first single by simpson that she did not co-write .
13	track listing bonus tracks on rhino re-issue : the band peter cetera - bass , vocals donnie dacus - guitar , vocals laudir de oliveira - percussion robert lamm - keyboards , vocals lee loughnane - trumpet , vocals james pankow - trombone walter parazaider - woodwinds danny seraphine - drums additional personnel david '' hawk '' wolinski - synthesizer on '' street player '' airto moreira - percussion on '' street player '' , '' paradise alley '' , '' life is what it is '' and '' run away '' maynard ferguson - trumpet on '' street player '' '' p.c. moblee '' - lead vocals on '' window dreamin ' '' and '' aloha mama '' ( moblee was actually peter cetera singing in a lower register .
49	additional musicians harry applebaum - organ ( 1 ) phil mathieu - guitar ( 2 , 9 ) chris phinney - loops ( 2 ) anti gravity workshop - loops ( 3 , 11 ) \* buzzsaw & the shavings - loops ( 3 ) \* john nazdin - bass ( 4 , 5 ) robbie magruder - drum loops ( 4 , 5 ) cystem - guitar ( 7 , 8 , 11 ) \* phil mathieu - guitar ( excerpt from '' chamber music with guitar '' ) ( 9 ) carolyn hyun ha oh - flute ( excerpt from '' chamber music with guitar '' ) ( 9 ) dan henderson - cello ( excerpt from '' chamber music with guitar '' ) ( 9 ) \* remixed for the tapegerm collective credits gabriella fabbri ( duchessa/stock .
23	originally shack consisted of mick head ( vocals / guitar ) , his brother john head ( guitar ) , justin smith ( bass ) and mick hurst .
16	scoring and structure the cantata in eight movements is scored for alto , tenor , and bass soloists , a four-part choir , recorder , two violin , two viola and basso continuo .
23	it is composed of david larson ( vocals , guitar and keyboard ) , filip bekic ( guitar ) , robert magnus ( bass ) and frans povel ( drums ) .
7	'' current line-up per steinar lie - bass , vocals ørjan haaland - drums , vocals hanne andersen - guitar , organ , vocals njål clementsen - guitar , vocals linn frøkedal - guitar , organ , vocals former members per plambech hansen - guitar ( 2000 2005 ) discography albums the low frequency in stereo ( 2002 ) travelling ants who got eaten by moskus ( 2004 ) the last temptation of ... the low frequency in stereo vol .
19	track listing contributing musicians kikki danielsson , vocals lasse wellander , guitar peter ljung , keyboard rutger gunnarsson , bass klas anderhell , percussion , drums hasse rosén , guitar , banjo svensktoppen the ballad som en sol from the album was on svensktoppen for seven weeks during the period august 28-october 9 , 1993 , where it peaked at # 7 .
17	hubbard wrote all of the music for the album , with contributors utilizing instruments including synthesizer , bass , woodwinds , strings , and a bouzouki .
11	personnel ; performance credits vocals : roy stride , greg churchouse bass : greg churchouse percussion : pete ellard piano : roy stride guitar : roy stride ; technical credits production : andy green charts the song entered the uk singles chart at 17 and spent 3 weeks inside the top 40 .
19	according to an early 20th-century book written by david clippinger , all voices have a head register , whether bass or soprano .
16	personnel john lennon - vocals , lead guitar george harrison - rhythm guitar paul mccartney - bass ringo starr - drums other versions several other artists have covered the song , including the bobby fuller four , charlie daniels , the doors , the guess who , flamin ' groovies , peter gammons , the yardbirds , groovie ghoulies , ac/dc ( live only ) , the milkshakes , jim miller , tommy roe , doug sahm , status quo , backbeat band , tom petty and the heartbreakers and stereo nation .
30	the track starts with 24 seconds of heavily effected guitar , drums and '' bizarre sound effects '' before the first verse begins , rising in volume as a looping bass line joins the mix and gruff rhys speaks the lines '' this song is daunted by a radical new vision , no more imperial colonial bastards , no more romantic comedies , this is a fanfare introduction to a high-powered , purposeful theme .
7	they were later joined by miska ( bass ) and ville ( drums ) .
16	pol henri plançon ( 12 june 1851 11 august 1914 ) was a distinguished french operatic bass ( basse chantante ) .
15	lineup 2002 -- 2010 ( studio ) ( vocals ) tom deininger ( guitar , bass ) sten servaes ( piano , keyboard , vocals ) lineup 2010 -- present ( studio ) ( vocals ) sten servaes ( piano , keyboard , vocals ) history in the 1990s tom deininger , sten servaes and suzie kerstgens formed ralley , but an accident in 2002 forced them to take a break and reform as klee .
36	the founding members were jerry garcia ( guitar , vocals ) , bob weir ( guitar , vocals ) , ron '' pigpen '' mckernan ( keyboards , harmonica , vocals ) , phil lesh ( bass , vocals ) , and bill kreutzmann ( drums ) .
20	personnel barry gibb -- lead and harmony vocal , guitar robin gibb -- lead and harmony vocal maurice gibb -- bass , piano , guitar , organ geoff bridgeford -- drums bill shepherd -- orchestra and strings arrangement chart performance cover versions al green covered the track on his 1972 album let 's stay together , which also made the soundtrack to 1997 's good will hunting , 1999 's the virgin suicides , 1999 's notting hill and 2010 's the book of eli .
20	another significant omission is any discussion of post - stride solo piano techniques -- it is generally assumed that a bass player will be present to provide a root for the voicing that are discussed .
20	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is festively scored for three vocal soloists , alto , tenor and bass , a four-part choir , two horn , two oboe , oboe d'amore , oboe da caccia , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
32	after meeting saxophonist billy sherrill , the pair began writing songs together , and formed an r & b band , the fairlanes , fronted by singer dan penn with hall playing bass .
11	the vocal forces include soprano , contralto , tenor , and bass soloists and an satb mixed choir .
9	the '' bottom '' of the sound was less bass - heavy than traditional funk ; drums and keyboards filled more of the '' bottom '' .
19	along with david isberg on vocals , mikael åkerfeldt and andreas dimeo on guitar , and nick döring on bass , nordin became an official member in 1990 .
19	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , horn only to support the chorale melody , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
15	the members are : emiliano brancciari ( vocals and guitar ) , guzmán silveira ( bass and backup vocals ) , diego bartaburu ( drums ) , gonzalo castex ( percussion ) , martín gil ( trumpet and backup vocals ) , denis ramos ( trombone ) , mauricio ortiz ( tenor saxophone ) , marcel curuchet ( keyboards ) and pablo coniberti ( guitar ) .
39	; musicians chan marshall -- vocals , production , all instrumentation except : judah bauer -- guitar on '' ruin '' , additional guitar on '' cherokee '' gregg foreman -- piano on '' ruin '' erik paparazzi -- bass on '' cherokee '' and '' ruin '' iggy pop -- vocals on '' nothin ' but time '' jim white -- drums on '' ruin '' ; technical personnel jordan boulay -- assistant engineer ( south beach studios ) joe brady -- assistant engineer phillip broussard , jnr .
13	besides the usual line-up of instruments used in metal ( electric guitars , bass , drums ) , the band 's sound relies heavily on accordion melodies , with the occasional use of instruments , such as the tin whistle and the oboe .
24	scoring and structure corno da caccia for the festive occasion , the cantata is scored for three vocal soloists -- alto , tenor and bass -- a four-part choir , two horn ( corno da caccia ) , two oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
22	track listing musicians jakob mølbjerg -- rhythm guitar mikkel sandager -- clean vocals henrik '' kral '' andersen -- death growl , bass morten sandager -- keyboards mike park -- drums martin buus -- lead guitar special guest appearances additional vocals on firesoul and falling -- monika pedersen backing vocals on sharpen the edges -- jacob hansen backing vocals on sharpen the edges -- ziggy credits all music written and arranged by mercenary .
9	in one memorable performance she joined the celebrated russian bass feodor chaliapin in a production of borodin 's prince igor , choreographed by fokine , and staged at drury lane on june 8 , 1914 .
29	in a barbershop quartet arrangement , each voice has its own role : generally , the lead sings the melody , the tenor harmonizes above the melody , the bass sings the lowest harmonizing notes , and the baritone completes the chord , usually below the lead .
10	credits jason dunn -- vocals , piano daniel biro -- bass , background vocals jonathan steingard -- guitar , background vocals aaron '' skwid '' tosti -- drums aaron sprinkle -- producer j.r. mcneely -- mixer brandon ebel -- executive producer everett dallas , kenneth e. larry , james young , willie williams -- vocals on '' the show '' josh head -- vocals on '' nothing left to show '' all songs written by hawk nelson and trevor mcnevan production the band 's frontman , jason dunn , has said in an interview that there was going to be an actual title song , making the album have thirteen songs .
3	andy , another bass , wants to become a professional singer '' like bryn terfel '' , and gets an application form for the welsh college of music and drama .
22	in singing he took the alto or contra-tenor parts , invariably employing his falsetto , although his natural voice was a deep bass .
49	following , where i come from was the second album recorded by the new riders after they re-formed in 2005 , with band co-founder david nelson on guitar , long-time member buddy cage on pedal steel guitar , hot tuna alumnus michael falzarano on guitar , ronnie penque on bass , and johnny markowski on drums .
24	on these two nights , the lineup of the band was saunders on keyboards , garcia on guitar and vocals , john kahn on bass , and bill vitt on drums .
13	the new member was to be rowan crowe , who would take up bass as sam mccarthy would be '' moving over to guitar '' .
16	release and reaction recorded in two takes and featuring the first appearance of 16-year-old ernie on bass , the song was released as a single on february 16 , 1969 , and quickly rose to the top of both the billboard pop and r&b singles charts , peaking at # 2 on the former and marking their first # 1 hit in the latter .
40	chart performance personnel barbra streisand - lead vocals barry gibb - lead and backing vocals , guitar , producer george terry - guitar cornell dupree - guitar richard tee - electric piano george bitzer - electric piano harold cowart - bass steve gadd - drums joe lala - percussion barry gibb version '' guilty '' is a song originally recorded by barry gibb as a guideline to barbra streisand for her album guilty .
21	personnel helloween michael kiske - vocals kai hansen - guitar , front cover concept michael weikath - guitar markus grosskopf - bass ingo schwichtenberg - drums production tommy newton - producer , engineer tommy hansen - co-producer , engineer , mixing , emulator edda & uwe karczewski - cover design limb - sleeve & back cover concept charts covers the russian band , arktida , covered the song '' i 'm alive '' in a single they titled , '' я живой '' , romanized as '' ya zhivoy '' .
21	overview this marks the first time the group 's falsetto eddie kendricks was featured as the lead on a single , bass singer melvin franklin has a brief solo ( '' ohh ... better than ... '' ) just before the song outro .
22	die erste walpurgisnacht ( the first walpurgis night ) is a secular cantata for soloists ( alto , tenor , baritone , bass ) , choir , and orchestra written by felix mendelssohn .
15	personnel linda mccartney - lead vocals , electric piano , moog synthesizer paul mccartney - bass , guitar , drums , mellotron denny laine - flute availability the track '' the oriental nightfish '' was released in 1998 on the studio/compilation album wide prairie following linda mccartney 's death earlier that year .
24	he sang leading vocals for the first time since the first album , and played most of the instruments himself including all guitar , bass and keyboards .
28	track listing credits ed wynne -- guitar , synthesizers , production paul hankin -- percussion mervin pepler -- drums john egan -- flute , voice roly wynne -- bass joie hinton -- synthesizer , sampling marcus carcus -- ethnic percussion tom brooks -- reggae bubbles generator john -- tea , tambourine steve everett -- sampling notes '' iscence '' is one of very few songs by ozric tentacles to make use of noticeable vocals .
49	personnel the following musicians played on the recording released on the bootleg series volumes 1 -- 3 ( rare & unreleased ) 1961 -- 1991 : bob dylan -- guitar , harmonica , vocals mick taylor -- guitar mark knopfler -- guitar alan clark -- keyboards robbie shakespeare -- bass sly dunbar -- drums tight connection to my heart ( has anybody seen my love ) music dylan used the basic track from one of the '' someone 's got a hold of my heart '' takes from 1983 , and added vocal overdubs in january 1985 , including vocals by female backup singers .
21	almanac was a free jazz project whose members were bennie maupin ( flute , tenor saxophone ) , cecil mcbee ( bass ) , mike nock ( piano ) and eddie marshall ( drums ) .
33	1981 version side one side two 1998 and 2005 version disc one disc two personnel gary numan vocals , producer billy currie keyboards cedric sharpley drum chris payne keyboards , viola paul gardiner bass rrussell bell guitar , percussion tim summerhayes engineer , remix phil thornalley assistant engineer john dent digitally master peter gilbert photographer robert ellis photographer charts original album # 47 ( uk albums chart ) living ornaments '79 and ' 80 box set # 2 ( uk albums chart ) the touring principle video in 1980 , an edited version of the 28 september 1979 concert was released on video under the title the touring principle ' 79 ; this has been cited as the world 's first music video cassette and '' special video effects '' of the time were added to the recording .
5	'' dirty thirty '' features bass by peter hook .
29	the lineup consists of rebecca frazier ( née hoggan ) on guitar , john frazier on mandolin and occasionally fiddle , kyle tuttle on banjo , royal masat on bass , and shad cobb on fiddle .
14	composers avoided writing consecutive fifths between two independent parts , such as tenor and bass lines .
47	; side one ; side two personnel per liner notes bo diddley -- vocals , guitar ; violin on '' the clock strikes twelve '' peggy jones -- guitar , backing vocals jerome green -- co-lead vocals on '' say man '' , maraca willie dixon -- bass clifton james -- drums frank kirkland -- drums billy boy arnold -- harmonica on '' you do n't love me ( you do n't care ) '' and '' little girl '' lafayette leake -- piano otis spann -- piano cover versions the song '' little girl '' was covered by british r&b group the yardbirds on their album five live yardbirds and was the first of three bo diddley songs released on the album .
49	cd tracklist ; disc 1 ; disc 2 dvd content setlist credits personnel butch walker & the let 's go out tonites : butch walker -- lead vocals , guitar , piano darren dodd -- drums , backing vocals wes flowers -- keyboards , backing vocals randy michael -- bass jamie arentzen -- guitar crew mitch lerner -- front of house , tour manager brock hogan -- lighting design billy hempel -- stage manager andy hosoi -- merchandise filmed tabernacle , atlanta georgia .
3	he switched to bass in 1932 , remaining with lunceford 's orchestra until 1942 .
21	'' personnel glenn frey : lead vocals , acoustic guitar bernie leadon : electric guitar , harmony vocals randy meisner : bass , backing vocals don henley : drums , percussion cover versions on the 1994 album , country music band little texas recorded a cover of '' peaceful easy feeling '' .
26	early years matt bianco was initially formed in 1982 by mark reilly ( vocals ) , danny white ( keyboards ) , and kito poncioni ( bass ) , all of whom had just left art pop group , blue rondo a la turk .
57	when they announced their breakup in 1999 , because of musical and personal differences , they consisted of the following members : marcus wiebusch ( vocals and guitar ) ; also in rantanplan , now in kettcar frank tirado-rosales ( drums ) ; also now in kettcar hagen van der viren ( guitar ) torben meißner ( bass ) ; also in rantanplan , as well their 1997 album bis jetzt ging alles gut was released in north america by the canadian g7 welcoming committee records .
4	after years of playing bass , he opted for an acoustic guitar .
7	one day david invited him to play bass for opeth and åkerfeldt accepted the offer .
32	in the film , the song is performed by james '' jimmy '' mattingly ii on vocals and guitar , leonard '' lenny '' haise on lead guitar , t.b. player on bass and guy '' shades '' patterson on drum .
18	members ; current members omar acosta lead vocals , guitar ( since 1996 ) carlos kretchmer vocals , bass ( since 1991 ) pedro lópez guitars , backing vocals ( since 1991 ) juan herrera drums ( 1991 -- 2005 , since 2009 ) ; former members alex patiño lead vocals ( 1991 1999 ) cedric guitars ( 1994 1999 ) boyle drums ( 1991 ) daniel tobar drums ( 2005 2009 ) discography ; studio albums incierto final ( 1993 , sello alerce ) fábricas mágicas ... lápidas tétricas ( 1995 , toxic ) hardcore para señoritas ( 1997 , ta ke sale !
42	in 1988 , he played with the james baldwin project with a.o. david linx and deborah brown ( vocalist ) , slide hampton ( trombone ) , diederik wissels ( piano ) , bob stewart ( tuba ) and michel hatzigeorgiou ( bass ) .
15	sir john rowland tomlinson , cbe ( born 22 september 1946 ) is an english bass .
45	final members ( 1986 - 2009 ) : bjørn jensen alias '' bertel '' -- guitar and vocals ( founding member ) , jarle farestveit alias '' hallstein '' -- accordion and vocals ( founding member ) , gunnar låstad alias '' ruball '' -- bass and vocals , arild totland alias '' belbert '' -- drums and vocals , øyvind østerbø alias '' øyvind '' -- guitar and vocals , gunnar polden -- light and sound technichan .
12	members eddie kulack vocals nick cardelli guitar noe perez guitar brian roberts bass luke lleras drums drew settipani trumpet devon bates ; percussion nick bush alto saxophone drew steury trombone frequent guest maxx mcgathey keyboard discography albums kool-aid kids vs dr. ed and the flu shots ( 2006 ) the loyal opposition '' friendzy !
15	members vocal : hironobu kageyama '' michell '' guitar : akira takasaki '' suzy '' bass : hiroyuki tanaka '' funny '' ( deceased ) keyboard : shunji inoue '' pocky '' drums : munetaka higuchi '' davy '' ( deceased ) ; other members tamio okuda has participated in some lazy projects since the deaths of hiroyuki tanaka and munetaka higuchi .
16	in 2005 , he joined queens of the stone age to play guitar as well as bass on lullabies to paralyze .
18	ignazio marini ignazio marini ( 28 november 1811 -- 29 april 1873 ) was a celebrated italian operatic bass .
25	'' an early music video of brandow from this period displays his guitar work and showmanship , available at brandow learned to play guitar , bass , drums and keyboards .
25	current members jason newsted - vocals & guitar ( formerly drums ) steven wiig - drums & artwork ( formerly guitar ) joe ledesma - bass discography 2002 unipsycho 2002 live lycanthropy quotes '' we ai n't good ... but we 're loud '' '' upon the same ground twice shalt not thy wheelie tread !
40	a 2006 promotion of the cd reissue on ebay by '' groovers paradise '' describes the album this way : '' this underground new york psychedelic project has a unique sound -- soulful vocals , fluid hammond organ , fuzzy bass , distorted lead guitars , lots of weird percussion instruments , augmented by unexpected stereo effects .
19	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboe , bassoon , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
16	gloria belle ( flickinger ) is a bluegrass vocalist and instrumentalist , playing the banjo , bass , and mandolin .
20	it was recorded in nashville and features sammy shelor on banjo , adam steffey on mandolin , tim dishman on bass , tim crouch on fiddle , scott coney on guitar and rob ickes on resonator guitar .
4	jimmy lee sloas : bass guitars .
4	his voice type is bass .
14	stuart michael fletcher ( born 16 january 1976 in york ) is an english bass player .
22	personnel tim finn - vocals , piano neil finn - vocals , guitar noel crombie - drums , percussion nigel griggs - bass eddie rayner - percussion , keyboards music video the video shows band members dressed in nautical gear as well as maori performers practicing traditional maori acts called poi .
26	the current lineup consists of orion stephens ( vocals ) , jeremy magee ( guitar ) , john myers ( guitar ) , terence bright ( bass ) and alvin richardson ( drums ) .
36	characters and setting mateo falcone : baritone giuseppa , his wife : soprano fredrick , a corsican carpenter baritone fortunato , their son : alto sanpiero , a smuggler : tenor gamba , a sergeant : bass a few soldiers ( i.e. , gendarmes ) : tenors and basses setting : corsica , 1800s a view of the rugged landscape of corsica synopsis the boy fortunato is outside of his family 's house , playing a horn while his parents are away .
2	he plays bass , guitar , keyboards , trumpet , harmonica , chapman stick , theremin , and percussion .
24	louis baron , ( real name louis bouchêne , or bouchenez ) , stage name baron , was a french actor and singer ( bass ) , born in september 1838 at alençon , died in 1920 .
15	personnel robin gibb - lead and backing vocal , piano , mellotron maurice gibb - bass , piano , guitar , mellotron barry gibb - guitar colin petersen - drums bill shepherd - orchestral arrangement cover versions steve barry and lorraine piché covered this song .
6	he is best known for singing bass in the vocal ensemble rajaton .
42	track listing side one side two personnel michael paris -- sax , flute , vocals marvin kaminowitz -- guitar , vocals steve rosenstein -- guitar , vocals rochus kuhn -- violincello jeffrey dershin -- piano , percussion , vocals andrew dershin -- bass jay dorfman -- drums marty rosenberg -- percussion on '' kundalini '' and '' believe me my friends '' puppa kuhn -- flute on '' darkness to light '' peter von de locht -- alto saxophone on '' darkness to light '' quote : '' from darkness to light is a very rare record .
16	it features strong riffs , sledgehammer percussion from tommy viator and spiraling harmonic streaks ; the bass is almost invisible .
24	track listing personnel c. j. snare - vocals / lyrical writing bill leverty - guitar / backing vocals / lyrical writing allen mckenzie - bass / backing vocals michael foster - drums / percussion / writing ( on tracks 1 , 2 and 6 ) perry richardson - writing on track 2 david prater - producer / engineering michael caplain - executive producer ?
27	he began with the clarinet , experimented with the piano , drums and guitar , yet at the age of 14 found his true passion in the bass .
18	in 1975 , patrick left acting to work for his father and began to learn to play the bass .
54	track listing personnel patrick simmons - guitar , lead vocals john mcfee - guitars , pedal steel guitar , violin , vocals michael mcdonald - keyboards , synthesizer , lead vocals cornelius bumpus - saxophone , synthesizer , organ , vocals , lead vocal on '' jesus is just alright '' willie weeks - bass , vocals keith knudsen - drums , vocals , lead vocal on '' do n't start me to talkin ' '' chet mccracken - drums , vibraphone , marimbas bobby lakind - congas , percussion , vocals with tom johnston - guitar and lead vocals on '' china grove '' and '' listen to the music '' ' ( and '' slippery st. paul '' ) dave shogren & john hartman appear , uncredited , on '' slippery st. paul .
13	the following track , '' enjoy '' , is composed by piano and bass .
15	track listing personnel art pepper - alto saxophone red garland - piano paul chambers - bass philly joe jones - drums references sources ian carr , digby fairweather , & brian priestley .
25	band members marcia and joshua onstage at guilfest 2011 jamie kyriakides - vocals , drums joshua waters rudge - vocals , guitar jonathan doyle - bass marcia richards - vocals , keyboards , alto saxophone , melodica , flute , guitar , samples history early years the skints formed as school friends in 2005 at woodbridge high school ( london ) .
37	schemel 's first work with hole was the recording of their fourth single , beautiful son , on which she also played guitar on the b-side '' 20 years in the dakota '' , with love playing bass .
34	in the summer of 1985 the four formed the mr. t experience with portman on guitar and vocals ( under the pseudonym dr. frank ) , zelowitz on guitar and vocals , stamatatos on bass , and laipeneiks on drums .
51	history the band was formed in 1987 by andy maconald ( aka '' dr. technology '' , guitar ) , p6 ( aka '' fat bastard '' , '' wilberforce '' , real name phil eaglesham , vocals ) , with the line-up completed by mofungo diggs ( steven macdougall , bass ) and richie dempsey ( drums ) .
13	personnel dave brubeck -- piano paul desmond -- alto saxophone eugene wright -- bass joe morello -- drums cover versions 1962 -- swedish singer monica zetterlund 1962 -- french singer richard anthony ( '' ne boude pas '' ) 1963 -- antonio diaz '' chocolate '' mena ( eso es latin jazz ... man !
24	( 24 ) personnel axl rose - lead vocals slash - lead guitar izzy stradlin - rhythm guitar , backing vocals duff mckagan - bass , backing vocals dizzy reed - piano , clavinet , backing vocals matt sorum - drums , backing vocals '' dead horse '' '' dead horse '' starts out with an acoustic section , which features a guitar riff written by lead vocalist axl rose .
18	robert emile deleo ( born february 2 , 1966 in montclair , new jersey ) is an american bass player , songwriter , and harmony vocalist for the rock band stone temple pilots .
27	track listing all tracks composed by dustin lanker , except where otherwise noted : credits the visible men dustin lanker -- vocals , keyboards dan schmid -- bass , guitar jordan glenn -- drums , percussion additional musicians tim donahue - drums ( tracks 5 , 7 ) tony figoli - drums ( track 6 ) zoot horn rollo - electric guitar ( track 7 ) michael roderick - accordion ( tracks 6 , 9 ) adam wendt - electric guitar ( track 6 ) production produced and mixed by bill barnett , scott mclean and the visible men .
24	track listing credits david zach -- lead vocals , keyboard , rhythm guitar paul zach -- lead guitar , backing vocals philip zach -- bass , backing vocals daniel zach -- drums recorded and produced by roy salmond and remedy @ whitewater productions ( vancouver , british columbia ) engineered by roy salmond additional engineering by pat glover mixed by pat glover @ whitewater productions ( vancouver , british columbia ) mastered by craig waddell @ gotham city mastering ( vancouver , british columbia ) cover art and design by philip zach design consultation by david jané photography by heather schulte all songs written by david zach , except '' hold the line '' and '' enthroned '' by paul zach , and '' echoes '' by remedy .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , two horn , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
2	she played bass and sang in champions of sound with chris traynor of orange 9mm and helmet , and with sergio vega of quicksand .
25	personnel axl rose - lead vocals slash - slide , lead guitar izzy stradlin - rhythm guitar , backing vocals , percussion duff mckagan - bass dizzy reed - piano matt sorum - drums michael monroe - harmonica , saxophone '' back off bitch '' this is track eight on use your illusion i. however , it was written before the band 's 1987 debut album , appetite for destruction .
35	track listing personnel greg jamie - vocals , guitar gabe darling - backing vocals , ukulele , guitar , banjo david rogers-berry - drums , whoop bob pycior - fiddle , guitar jesse newman - bass dan sager notes the track '' fire on peshtigo '' refers to the peshtigo fire of 1871 .
25	the breakers was a rock band from denmark consisting of toke nisted ( vocals ) , anders bruus ( guitar ) and jackie larsen ( bass ) .
74	former members berserk -- guitar ( 1993 -- 1995 ) torvus -- drums ( 1995 -- 1996 ) desecrator -- drums ( 1997 -- 1998 ) diabolus mort -- guitar ( 1997 -- 1998 ) blod -- drums ( 1998 -- 1999 ) arak draconiiz -- guitar ( 1999 -- 2000 ) pål -- guitar ( 2000 -- 2001 ) jontho -- drums ( 2001 -- 2003 ) nag ( jan-erik romøren ) -- bass , vocals ( 1993 -- 2006 , 2010 - ) draugluin ( halvor storrøsten ) -- guitar ( 1994 -- 2006 , 2010 - ) anti-christian ( christian svendsen ) -- drums ( 1999 -- 2001 , 2003 -- 2006 , 2010 - ) related bands ragnarok - jontho 's black metal band .
16	track listing personnel new bohemians edie brickell - vocals kenny withrow - guitar brad houser - bass brandon aly - drums ( fired from the band by the label during the sessions ) john bush - percussion with : robbie blunt - guitar john henry - background vocals chris whitten - drums paul '' wix '' wickens - keyboards both chris whitten and paul '' wix '' wickens were/are members of paul mccartney 's band .
22	personnel m. shadows - vocals zacky vengeance - rhythm guitar the rev - drums synyster gates - lead guitar johnny christ - bass video the video for the song features clips of fans and a live performance with the studio version playing over .
16	men 's voices are divided into four categories : countertenor , tenor , baritone , and bass .
18	history bikeride was formed in 1994 by tony carbone ( guitar , vocals ) , bill sipes ( bass ) , and craig hendricks ( drums ) in fountain valley , ca .
2	he played bass and synthesizer .
13	luciano mariani ( 1801 -- 10 june 1859 ) was an italian operatic bass .
6	it consists mainly of guitar , bass , keyboards and the use of various types of drum machine .
15	its members , the guitarist dino cazares , jello biafra , drummer pat hoed , bass guitarist billy gould and vocalist juan brujo , used pseudonyms as most were in other known bands .
32	previously , his own band has featured an international mix of musicians perico sambeat ( alto saxophone ; spain ) , bernardo sassetti ( piano ; portugal ) , geoff gascoyne ( bass , united kingdom ) , and gene calderazzo ( drums ; united states ) more recently he has toured the guy barker jazz orchestra -- a 15 piece big band featuring rosario giuliani ( alto saxophone ; italy ) and per johansson ( tenor saxophone ; sweden ) - performing dzf , a reworking of mozart 's magic flute with michael brandon narrating the story as a raymond chandler style pulp fiction novel , retold by robert ryan guy barker was musical director / arranger for the opening gala concert '' jazz voice : celebrating a century of song '' at the london jazz festival in 2008 , 2009 , 2010 and 2011 .
21	eric grossman ( b. november 25 , 1964 , new york ) is an american musician , best known for playing bass and recording gold and platinum albums with the europe band k 's choice .
12	format dewees plays nearly every instrument on reggie 's recordings , including bass , drums , and keyboards .
31	in 2009 , she performed with the kimberly thompson quartet , which featured band members mark shim ( saxophone ) , craig magnano ( guitar ) , and tarus mateen ( bass ) .
14	personnel ozzy osbourne vocals , harmonica tony iommi guitar , slide guitar geezer butler bass bill ward drums covers the song was covered by rob halford 's band bullring brummies for the black sabbath tribute album nativity in black .
14	he performed all the rhythm and lead guitar work simultaneously , while adams played bass and the third band member , mickey curry , played drums .
29	in his career he has recorded 37 albums as a leader and has a group '' the doky brothers '' , which includes his brother chris minh doky on bass .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , horn to double the soprano , flauto traverso , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
21	lineup kazutoshi sakurai -- lead vocals , guitar , primary songwriter kenichi tahara -- guitar , backing vocals keisuke nakagawa -- bass , backing vocals hideya suzuki -- drums , backing vocals recurring support members takeshi kobayashi -- keyboard , producer naoto inti raymi -- guitar , chorus takashi '' sunny '' katsuya -- keyboards , backing vocals shuji kouguchi -- guitar , harmonica discography \* compilation album .
29	we all had day jobs until we got a whacking big advance from polygram '' dire straits illsley playing with dire straits , june 1979 as well as playing bass on all the dire straits recordings , illsley also contributed backing vocals , with david knopfler , and both harmonized to mark 's lead vocals and guitar in concert , and on the band 's first two studio albums , dire straits and communiqué .
33	four parts for voices in choral music , the four main voices are typically labeled as : soprano ( or treble ) , alto ( contralto or countertenor ) , tenor , and bass .
27	bill bruford had assembled a band for his debut solo album , feels good to me , with dave stewart ( keyboard ) , jeff berlin ( bass ) , allan holdsworth ( guitar ) and bruford ( drums ) .
35	later on , the two joined forces with guitar player ariel '' bibs '' branson , drummer ori raz ( later on to be replaced by banua nachaisi and eitan raz , respectively ) and bass player iron shabtai .
35	roles the learned judge ( comic baritone ) the plaintiff ( soprano ) the defendant ( tenor ) counsel for the plaintiff ( lyric baritone ) usher ( bass-baritone ) foreman of the jury ( bass ) associate ( silent ) first bridesmaid chorus of bridesmaids , gentlemen of the jury , barristers , attorneys and public .
30	while saxophone player allan jones went on to form judas jump , fairweather low led dennis byron ( drum ) , blue weaver ( organ ) , clive taylor ( bass ) and neil jones ( guitar ) into the new band , fair weather .
13	personnel robin gibb -- lead vocal barry gibb -- guitar maurice gibb -- bass , piano vince melouney -- guitar colin petersen -- drums cover versions in 1968 , former manfred mann vocalist/harmonica player paul jones recorded this song and released as a single ( also in that year ) , and its b-side was '' the dog presides '' .
19	the voices are abbreviated , s for soprano , a for alto , t for tenor , b for bass .
12	after learning guitar he also went on to learn instruments such as bass , pedal steel , piano and keyboards , harmonica , banjo , ukulele , percussion , and drum programming .
13	as leader lonberg-holm currently leads the valentine trio , with jason roebke ( bass ) and frank rosaly ( drums ) .
29	for many of those concerts , their band had the lineup featured on this album -- saunders on keyboards , garcia on guitar and vocals , john kahn on bass , and bill vitt on drums .
10	arthur fear ( 1902 -- 1984 ) was a welsh bass and baritone opera singer .
18	members conor adams -- lead vocals , guitar neil adams -- lead guitar , vocals john higgins -- bass , vocals kevin curran - drums , percussion discography albums singles awards choice music prize the cast of cheers debut album , chariot , was nominated for the choice music prize in january 2010 .
4	after another change in bass players , 1998 saw the release of the boys and girls ep , which was released on both compact disc and 7" , with the cd containing an additional song .
24	scoring and structure as in several other cantatas on words of franck , the setting is intimate : soprano , alto , tenor and bass soloists , two flauto traverso , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
54	like their previous work , this album contains many complex musical compositions , with tracks 8-14 on disc forming the 25-minute medley titled '' ashtamangala ( the 8 auspicious symbols ) '' track listing personnel band members paul adrian villarreal − vocals marcel coenen − lead guitar rene kroon − keyboards daniel kohn − bass roel van helden − drums and percussion production intro by daniel kohn .
17	scoring and structure the work is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , four-part choir , oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in eight movements is scored for four vocal soloists -- soprano , alto , tenor and bass -- and a four-part choir , flauto traverso , two oboe , two violin , viola , organ and continuo .
17	personnel barry gibb - lead vocals , guitar robin gibb - vocals maurice gibb - vocals , bass blue weaver - keyboards , synthesiser , piano dennis bryon - drums joe lala - percussion cover versions also the song was recorded by the rare earth and originally written by the bee gees for it .
17	early history the band first gathered as a folk band consisted of steve gershin ( mandolin , bass and vocal ) , ze’ev gut ( fiddle and vocal ) and olga braverman ( flute and vocal ) , describing them as renaissance metal , due to frequent use of renaissance and medieval motives , played in a metal-crossover style , using such instruments as mandolin , fiddle and flute .
3	tony molloy - bass .
20	scoring and structure baroque oboe d'amore the cantata is scored for four soloists -- soprano , alto , tenor and bass -- a four-part choir , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
9	the duo eventually added joy waters ( vocals , bass ) and eric taylor ( drums ) , and recorded their debut album , parentha see , for the atlanta-based third eye records label in 1995 .
47	the band the dili allstars are : paulo almeida : vocals paulie stewart : vocals osme gonsalves : vocals gil santos : keyboards , guitar colin badger : lead guitar zeca mesquita : percussion , and vocals mark grunden : drums , and vocals nelito riberio : bass dave pace : trumpet clare murrell : sax history formation and early years the dili allstars were formed when paul stewart and colin buckler ( of the notable band painters and dockers ) contacted east timorese musician gil santos to record a song to protest the capture of east timorese resistance leader xanana gusmão by indonesian armed forces in the early nineties .
24	voodoo blue was a rock / alternative band from baltimore , maryland , that featured dan book on vocals and guitar , clunky on bass and vocals , and justin posner on the drums .
31	most of the musicians parham played with are not well known in their own right , though cornet punch miller , banjo papa charlie jackson , saxophone player junie cobb and bass milt hinton are exceptions .
7	there , his first teacher was the bass mark reizen , the second georgian barytone and people 's artist of the georgian ssr , david gamrekeli .
35	track listing all songs by the godz , except : '' candy 's going bad '' ( barry hay and george kooymans ) credits bobby hill - guitar , keyboard , vocals eric moore - bass , vocals mark chatfield - guitar , vocals glen cataline - drums , vocals production producer : don brewer engineer : mark stebbeds notes the band wanted to name the album rock and roll machine , but later learned of the name already having been used by the canadian hard rock band triumph on their second release .
14	track listing personnel sheila jordan -- voice barry galbraith -- guitar steve swallow -- bass denzil best -- drums '' dat dere '' features jordan and swallow alone .
4	juantxi fernández , ( bass ) .
5	'' personnel sascha konietzko -- bass , vocals , guitar , synths , programming en esch -- vocals , guitars , drums , programming raymond watts -- vocals ( '' no meat -- no man '' , '' do n't blow your top '' , '' disgust '' ) , programming ( '' no meat -- no man '' , '' do n't blow your top '' , '' disgust '' ) jr. .
44	although the band has experienced several line-up changes , for most of its recording career shadows fall has been composed of brian fair ( vocals ) , jonathan donais ( lead guitar ) , matt bachand ( rhythm guitar ) , paul romanko ( bass ) , and jason bittner ( drums ) .
18	track listing bonus tracks personnel anja orthodox - vocal , lyrics paweł pieczyński - guitar krzysztof najman - bass piotr pawłowski - drums michał rollinger - keyboards zbigniew bieniak - backing vocals violetta '' fiolka '' najdenowicz - backing vocals music - closterkeller .
13	the group was composed of greg owens on guitar , felix burnett on bass and vocals , and marc lyxzén providing the drums and percussion .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo : music as with many works of georg philipp telemann , but rare in bach 's cantatas , the bible quotation is split in two movements , a duet and a chorus which follows immediately in a different time and faster tempo .
15	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for soprano , alto and bass soloists , a four-part choir , two oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
23	like most of donovan 's live performances , there is sparse instrumentation accompanying donovan 's vocals , including flute , acoustic guitar , bass .
26	history formed in 1999 by mattia nidini ( vocals ) , andrea mameli ( guitar ) , francesco moro ( guitar ) , francesco adami ( bass ) and corrado zoccatelli ( drums ) , neptune played death metal much akin to their influences of dark tranquility and in flames .
17	dan potthast ( guitar / vocals ) , ted moll ( drums ) , chris diebold ( bass ) and robert bell ( trombone ) have remained with mu330 since the band 's inception , while trombonist gerry lundquist has been a member for over a decade .
12	bonaldo giaiotti ( born 25 december 1932 ) is an italian operatic bass , particularly associated with the italian repertory .
4	members danny bland -- bass james burdyshaw -- guitar ( formerly of 64 spiders ) .
19	'' personnel warren zevon -- piano , vocals waddy wachtel -- guitar mick fleetwood -- drums john mcvie -- bass reception bbc radio 2 listeners rated it as having the best opening line in a song .
7	his skill on drums , piano , bass , and arp are outstanding , and all the tracks work within the thematic framework .
19	track listing personnel art pepper -- alto saxophone jack sheldon -- trumpet pete jolly -- piano jimmy bond -- bass frank butler -- drums sources richard cook & brian morton .
16	in may 1973 , the british music magazine , nme , reported that pappalardi was playing bass on , and producing former stone the crows singer , maggie bell 's debut solo album , queen of the night .
20	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , horn , flauto traverso , oboe , oboe d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
4	charley anderson , ( bass player and founding member of the 2-tone ska band the selecter ) was asked by pete st. john ( writer of the fields of athenry ) to record a version after hearing it .
10	d'alegria is a brazilian company specialized in manufacturing custom-made electric bass and guitar , all handmade with the best wood in brazil .
2	he sang bass in new england 's university choir .
37	the band 's line-up consists of moises juarez ( lead vocals ) , sean chapman ( vocals / guitar ) , matthew mcewan ( vocals/guitar ) , pat salmon ( drums ) , and andre davis ( bass ) .
14	line-up -- vocals masa ( 聖 ) -- guitar hachi ( はち ) -- bass tsuguki ( 亜樹 ) -- drums ; former members takashi oshoudani ( 大正谷 隆 ) -- support drums yuina ( ゆいな ) -- guitar discography ; albums & eps cynical closet ( 26 july 2006 ) 1 .
4	jpg tsuyoshi kawakami on bass ( original member ) image : tokyo ska paradise orchestra mg 6092 .
16	he wrote nearly twenty music method books for various instruments -- the violin , cello , bass , flute , recorder , bassoon , harpsichord , harp , mandolin , voice and more -- with titles such as l'art de se perfectionner sur le violon ( the art of playing the violin perfectly ) , le parfait maître à chanter ( the perfect mastersinger ) and l ′ école d ′ orphée ( the school of orpheus ) , a violin treatise describing the french and italian styles .
18	an arrangement of this symphony for chamber ensemble ( consisting of 2 violin , viola , cello , bass , clarinet , horn , piano 4-hands , and harmonium ) was prepared in 1921 by students and associates of arnold schoenberg , for the viennese '' society for private musical performances '' : hanns eisler ( 1st and 3rd movements ) , erwin stein ( 2nd mvt .
22	personnel katie melua - guitar , vocals mike batt - organ , piano , conductor jim cregan - guitar tim harries - bass the irish film orchestra - orchestra michael kruk - drums alan smale - leader chris spedding - guitar henry spinetti - drums production producer : mike batt engineer : steve sale arranger : mike batt photography : simon fowler cover photo : michael halsband chart performance in the united kingdom , call off the search is the 5th best selling album in 2004 with 1,356,962 copies sold , and has sold 1,874,263 copies as of march 2012 .
49	band members ; current jake '' wolf '' foster -- lead vocals ( 2010 -- present ) patrick '' patty '' somoulay -- lead guitar ( 2010 -- present ) charles caswell -- co-lead guitar , rhythm guitar , backing vocals ( 2010 -- present ) francis xayana -- bass ( 2010 -- present ) nick lona - drums ( 2014 -- present ; touring 2013 ) ; former cam murray -- drums ( 2012 -- 2014 ) boris '' bo '' blood -- drums ( 2010 -- 2011 ) style and musical influences reflections has been described as progressive metal , deathcore , metalcore , and djent .
35	after the release of their first album believo! which was produced by d. sardy and signed to his seethru broadcasting label in 1999 , calhoon left the band and was replaced by toko yasuda ( bass / vocals / keyboard ) and matt schulz ( drum ) .
23	track listing personnel atsushi sakurai - lead vocals hisashi imai a ) - lead guitar hidehiko hoshino - rhythm guitar yutaka higuchi - bass toll yagami - drums production buck-tick - producers mamoru tsukada - cover photo tomoyo tanaka - cover design notes ^ \* in the liner notes , imai is incorrectly credited as kotobuki imai .
4	he has been playing bass since the 5th grade , but has never taken any formal lessons .
19	instead of replacing him with a new member , mccartney changed from rhythm guitar ( with lennon ) to bass and the band continued as a four-piece .
7	with the interplay of two guitars , bass , cello , and more prominent female vocals , scrabbling at the lock marked a turn toward melodic song structures that incorporated elements of free improvisation in the ex 's music .
17	the band was formed in glasgow in 1984 by ex - altered images guitarist johnny mcelhone on bass , and featuring grahame skinner ( vocals ) , ( guitar ) and harry travers ( drum ) .
43	enhanced edition bonus tracks normal listing + credits mathias '' warlord '' nygård -- vocal , orchestral programming , keyboard jussi wickström -- guitar tuomas '' tude '' lehtonen -- drums , percussion olli vänskä -- violin hannes '' hanu '' horma -- bass , backing vocals janne '' lisko '' mäkinen -- accordion music by mathias nygård , except track 3 ( nygård / wickström ) , 5 ( nygård / lisko/v änskä ) and 6 ( nygård / vänskä ) .
23	emanuel list ( born march 22 , 1888 in vienna - d. june 21 , 1967 in vienna ) was an austrian-american opera bass .
16	a short time later , after mother vulpine broke up , matt recruited tom dunford on bass and steve wilson on drums to complete the line up .
16	recording success the recorded version of '' this ole house '' by rosemary clooney , featuring bass vocals by thurl ravenscroft , reached no . 1 on the billboard chart in 1954 as the flip side to her previous no. 1 song , '' hey there .
41	) his first album as a leader was tones for joan 's bones in 1966 , two years before the release of his album now he sings , now he sobs , with roy haynes on drums and miroslav vitouš on bass .
10	'' number 1 '' features an old synth and a bass arrangement that the group began to use frequently after recording the song .
3	the narrator ( bass solo ) : '' now in each nation there were some cast out '' 5 .
14	gore motel found the band focusing more on minimalistic , ambient , guitar and bass driven songs rather than the '' dark jazz '' that they would be known for later in their career .
3	he appeared as bass soloist at the brooklyn academy of music , in december 1868 , and soon thereafter at various churches and other venues .
15	band members ; current members erik jayce landberg -- all electric & acoustic guitar , bass , piano ( 2006 -- present ) göran edman -- vocals ( 2006 -- present ) jens bock -- drums , percussion ( 2009 -- present ) guest artists ; band members appearing as guests .
26	personnel the musicians who performed on the original recording were as follows : john lennon -- vocals , guitar ringo starr -- drums klaus voormann -- bass popular culture the song was covered by the red hot chili peppers on .
34	'' track listing all compositions by gordon lightfoot ; except where indicated personnel gordon lightfoot - guitar , piano , vocals red shea - guitar ry cooder - guitar , mandolin rick haynes - bass van dyke parks - harmonium john sebastian - guitar , harmonica nick decaro - string arrangements randy newman - string arrangement on '' minstrel of the dawn '' and '' approaching lavender '' kris kristofferson was rumored to have provided harmony vocals on '' me and bobby mcgee '' .
11	track listing line up sven gross -- vocals tobias schick -- bass stefan hanus -- guitar mike hanus - guitar bastian herzog -- drums credits produced by fleshcrawl recorded and mixed at studio underground , vasteras , sweden , 17 .
19	their lineup consisted of bernard tohill on guitars and vocals , jim nicholl on guitars , pat mo on bass and vocals and michael morris on drums .
2	crover played bass and drums on the demo .
12	these bands consisted of a relatively small horn section , piano , bass , a full array of cuban percussion instruments and a vocalist fronting the ensemble .
23	after critical and commercial success , the band toured to promote the album ( with one-time fixx bassist alfie agius as their session bass player ) .
26	his primary instrument is the saxophone , but he plays a number of other instruments including flute , keyboards , guitar , drums , percussion , bass and other assorted woodwinds .
14	it features cameo appearances by saadiq , who appears at the beginning playing the bass , and cohen , who is shown at the end doing a mural of stone 's face ( reminiscent of her face on the cover of 2004 's mind body & soul ) .
17	a fill may be played by rock or pop instruments such as the electric lead guitar or bass , organ , or drums , or by other instruments such as strings or horns .
7	achille is also able to play the bass and the saxophone , as well as the piano , employing both jazz and classical styles .
16	'' current band members beebs - vocals and kazoo jeremy lovelady - guitar levon white - bass paul brisske - drums bunky garrabrant - trumpet eric ` e-money ' christian - saxophone and flute discography albums würst album ever ( 2014 ) no sleep tonight !
6	there are four vocal sections ; bass , tenor , alto and soprano .
61	'' current members martin walkyier - vocals ( 1985 -- 1990 , 2006 - ) ( ex - skyclad , the clan destined ) andy sneap - guitar ( 1985 -- 1991 , 2006 - ) ( godsend , ex - fozzy ) simon jones - guitar ( 1989 , 2006 - ) ( ex-phantom , holosade ) gizz butt - bass ( 2007 - ) ( the prodigy , english dogs ) simon negus - drums ( 1985 -- 1991 , 2006 - ) ( fallen angel !
11	members current members vocals - matt tobin guitar - chris lemasters bass - kellan lindsay guitar - sebastian lueth drums - kelly bilan discography her name was tragedy ( ep ) ( 2004 ) what really happened at lover 's lane ( ep ) ( november 29 , 2005 ) the fanciful ( march 18 , 2008 ) the machines we are ( august 4 , 2009 ) antimacy ( august 2 , 2011 ) non-album songs the end is the beginning is the end ( the smashing pumpkins cover , released in 2011 as a free download via dead and divine 's facebook in exchange for likes prior to the release of antimacy ) lotion ( deftones cover , was only available for download by attending one of dead and divine 's special shows in february 2012 in kitchener , st. catherines , and hamilton .
13	they consisted of core members matt leuw vocals / guitar , ben whittaker bass , james leuw keyboard and tim early drums , later replaced by dan pritchard drums , but were often augmented by a variety of different musicians .
3	brother of the bass nicola bassi and the contralto carolina bassi ( carolina bassi-manna ) , he was also an impresario of the teatro nuovo in trieste .
22	they consisted of : george evans -- tenor dave labonte -- lead bill '' bus '' busby -- baritone wally singleton -- bass the confederates took first place in the 1956 spebsqsa international quartet championship after finishing second the year before .
24	he plays various string instruments such as acoustic and classic guitar , indian sarod , persia tar , turkish jumbush , moroccan ginberi and bass .
25	scoring and structure the cantata was scored for four vocalist soloists : diana , soprano i pales , soprano ii endymion , tenor pan , bass the instrumental parts comprised two horns , two recorders , two oboes , taille , bassoon , two violins , viola , cello , violone , and continuo .
14	requiem canticles is a 15 minute composition by igor stravinsky , for contralto and bass soli , chorus , and orchestra .
11	mitchell soon came up with the '' doo-doo , doo-doo '' bass riff , after which the first thing that came into porter 's mind was the phrase '' i caught you out .
40	other versions include those by dean martin , chick corea , ella fitzgerald , sarah vaughan , lita roza , magni wentzel with einar iversen , trumpet , endre iversen , piano , tor braun , guitar , erik amundsen bass ( recorded on may 2 , 1960 and released on the single odeon nd 7373 ) , nancy wilson , rickie lee jones , sonny rollins , oscar peterson , jamie cullum , featuring paula cole on vocals , and mark isham and kate ceberano on their album of duets bittersweet ( 2009 ) , sophie milman ( released on the album take love easy , 2009 ) , gwilym simcock ( on his 2007 release perception ) and paul mccartney on his 2012 album , kisses on the bottom .
59	hon. sir joseph porter , kcb , first lord of the admiralty ( comic baritone ) captain corcoran , commander of h.m.s. pinafore ( lyric baritone ) ralph rackstraw , able seaman ( tenor ) dick deadeye , able seaman ( bass-baritone ) bill bobstay , boatswain 's mate ( baritone ) bob becket , carpenter 's mate ( bass ) josephine , the captain 's daughter ( soprano ) cousin hebe , sir joseph 's first cousin ( mezzo-soprano ) mrs. cripps ( little buttercup ) , a portsmouth bumboat woman ( contralto ) chorus of first lord 's sisters , his cousins , his aunts , sailors , marines , etc. synopsis act i the british warship h.m.s. pinafore is at anchor off portsmouth .
12	autumn leaves is 1980 album by bill evans with eddie gómez on bass and marty morell on drums .
33	band members ghost brigade at tivoli ( the netherlands ) , 10 november 2009 manne ikonen - vocals tommi kiviniemi - guitar wille naukkarinen - guitar veli-matti suihkonen - drums joni saalamo - bass joni vanhanen - keyboard additional musicians keyboards on both albums has been played by aleksi munter from swallow the sun .
18	personnel elton john - piano , vocals pete townshend - guitar richie zito - guitars dee murray - bass james newton-howard - synthesizer jeff porcaro - drums steve holly - tambourine covers country music artist kathy mattea covered the song on her 1985 album from my heart .
38	career the band was formed in 1962 in san gabriel , california , by brothers lawrence perez ( guitar ) and john perez ( drum ) , and neighbors george delgado ( guitar ) and frank zuniga ( bass ) .
37	the band creates '' concise , melodic , rhythmic , emotional pop rock '' and is made up of matt o'dowd on vocals and keyboard , dan larkin on guitar and vocals , and kevin mckenzie on bass .
32	morrison used a stripped down band on this montreaux jazz festival appearance that consisted of : van morrison - vocals , guitar pete wingfield - piano , background vocals jerome rimson - bass , background vocals dallas taylor - drums covers ellis hooks performed a cover version of '' bulbs '' on the 2003 released tribute album , .
17	members zha zha ( 查 ) vocals gua ( 瓜 ) guitar xiao qian ( 小倩 ) bass da tian ( 大恬 ) drums post cherry boom after cherry boom disbanded , lena cha better known as zha zha , started her solo project astro bunny ( 原子邦妮 ) with bassist/producer jay cheng ( 程杰 ) .
7	mandrell learned to play the guitar and bass .
16	; ash tim wheeler - vocals , guitar , piano , & programming mark hamilton - bass , synthesizer , backing vocals on '' ichiban '' & '' return of white rabbit '' rick mcmurray - drums and percussion ; production tim wheeler - producer , additional engineer cladius mittendorfer - co-producer , engineer , mixing mark hamilton - co-producer rick mcmurray - co-producer brain thorn - piano assistant kabir hermon - piano assistant mike marsh - mastering ; additional musicians eric feigenbaum - backing vocals on '' return of white rabbit '' & '' ichiban '' james levy - backing vocals on '' return of white rabbit '' pete moses - backing vocals on '' ichiban '' daniel rouleau - saxophone on '' do you feel it ?
8	personnel paul mccartney lead and backing vocals , bass john lennon backing vocals , piano george harrison backing vocals , guitar ringo starr drums billy preston keyboard ( on the anthology 3 version ) .
12	an interest in rock music lead him to pick up guitar and bass in his teenage years .
13	this band morphed into in co-motion , which included keyboardist steve lodder and bass sylvan richardson , who released an eponymous album in 1991 .
19	nicolai moscona ( september 23 , 1907 - september 17 , 1975 ) was a greek - born operatic bass .
16	structure and instrumentation the cantata in five movements is scored for two soloists , soprano and bass , a four-part choir , horn , cornett , three trombone , two oboe , taille ( tenor oboe ) , two violin , viola , violoncello piccolo and basso continuo .
16	the album features matt sharp -- weezer 's bassist at the time -- on vocals and bass , as well as weezer drummer patrick wilson .
30	furia is a polish black metal band formed in 2003 in katowice , with michał '' nihil '' kuźniak on guitar and vocal , kamil '' sars '' staszałek on bass , przemysław '' voldtekt '' on guitar and grzegorz '' namtar '' kantor on drums .
5	luca stepped in to play bass , but has since taken the role as sound man for the 2007 european tour , and will remain pagoda 's producer .
15	malcolm morley -- guitar and vocal richard treece -- guitar and vocal paul burton -- bass dave charles -- drums deke leonard -- guitar and vocal b j cole -- pedal steel guitar man with dave edmunds and stan pfeiffer man 's line up had recently undergone a major upheaval .
13	rob courtis left for australia shortly afterwards to pursue his studies ; his bass playing duties were ironically assumed by adarsh '' best mountain '' sekhar , a traveling fleece salesman who 'd literally settled down in dubai .
15	characters and setting president ( walsingham ) : baritone young man : tenor priest : bass mary : mezzo-soprano louisa : soprano a negro : ( silent role ) feasting men and women : chorus setting : london , 1665 , on a terrace .
11	personnel ben weasel - lead vocals , guitar mike dirnt - bass , backing vocals jughead - guitar dan panic - drums gretchen smear - backing vocals on '' johnny are you queer ?
40	credits and personnel ; recording produced at echo recording studio , los angeles , california orchestra recorded at eastwest studios , los angeles , california vocals -- kelly clarkson arrangement -- joe trapanese engineering -- jesse shatkin , alex pasco bass , engineering , guitar , keyboard , production , and programming -- greg kurstin drums -- aaron redfield mixing -- serban ghenea engineered for mixing -- john hanes orchestra contractor -- sandy decrescent , gina zimmitti recording -- satoshi noguchi songwriting -- kelly clarkson , ashley arrison , aben eubanks credits lifted from the wrapped in red liner notes .
19	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for four solo voices ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , three trumpets , timpani , three oboe , oboe d'amore , bassoon , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
12	hans sotin ( born 10 september 1939 ) is a german opera bass .
15	aside from performing the vocals for the band , johnny whitney plays the guitar , bass , keyboard , and piano as well as drum programming .
3	danny o'lannerghty : bass guitars .
25	formed in 1991 in an industrial warehouse loft in hamilton , ontario , the band consisted of vocalist sandy mcintosh , guitar mark milne , bass gary '' wool '' mcmaster and wet spots drum doug lea .
9	features dale crover on drums and dave grohl on bass .
22	it introduced the new smart strings instrument , a string orchestra of 1st and 2nd violins , viola , celli , and bass , capable of playing notes legato , staccato , and pizzicato .
3	music field contributed bass and vocals in the band rodriguez with m. ward and mike funk .
9	personnel robin gibb -- lead vocals maurice gibb -- bass , piano , guitar barry gibb - guitar colin petersen -- drums geoff grant -- trumpet uncredited musicians -- horns cover versions the song was first cover by australian singer johnny young ( a friend of the gibbs ) and used as the b-side of '' craise finton kirk royal academy of arts '' ( the song was originally performed by the bee gees and first released on the album bee gees ' 1st ) .
14	peter forbes robinson ( 21 may 1926 13 may 1987 ) was a british bass , born in macclesfield , best known for his performances in works by mozart , verdi , and britten .
7	zeta bosio - keyboards , percussion , bass on '' amor amarillo '' and producer .
14	track listing personnel billie joe armstrong - lead vocals , guitar mike dirnt - bass , backing vocals al sobrante - drums aaron cometbus - backing vocals , '' teeth '' on '' knowledge '' notes the dog on the cover of slappy was known as mickey .
10	members charlie campbell -- guitar , vocals chris brady -- bass , vocals david triebwasser -- drums discography albums pond ( february 12 , 1993 - sub pop sp186 ) the practice of joy before death ( 1995 ) rock collection ( 1997 ) singles/eps young splendor/tree ( b-side is an alternate version from the one that appears on the s/t , tim/kerr - 1991 ) wheel/cinders ( sub pop , 1992 - wheel 7 '' ) wheel/cinders/snowing ( sub pop , 1992 - wheel 12 '' ) wheel/cinders/ebner ( sub pop , 1992 - wheel 12 '' import ) wheel/cinders/snowing / 11x17 ( sub pop , 1992 - wheel ep ) moth/you do n't quite get it do you ?
38	track listing personnel ; featured performers ; band a.j. holmes - piano clark baxtresser - keyboard andy warren - trumpet ryan proch - clarinet , alto saxophone sam crittenden - trombone darren criss - guitar carlos valdes - bass jack stratton - drums chart performance other appearances the alternate versions of '' ready to go '' and '' even though '' were also released on the a very starkid album .
33	in 1964 he joined danny king & the mayfair set , along with keith smart ( drum , formerly of the everglades ) , roger harris ( keyboards ) , denis ball ( bass ) and vocalist king .
17	in march 2002 , down released its second studio album , , which featured rex brown on bass following todd strange 's departure in 1999 .
25	personnel dinah cancer - vocals paul cutler - lead guitar , backing vocals , keyboards paul roessler - keyboards , backing vocals rob graves - bass , backing vocals don bolles - drums , backing vocals black cross '' black cross '' is 45 grave 's debut single .
14	a former member of black grape and agent provocateur , saber plays guitar , bass , organ , and keyboard , and is also a prominent los angeles dj .
40	they both shared their love of fashion , heavy music , and electronic/dance music , so they formed the alternative metal band sexart , along with ray '' chaka '' solis on guitar , david deroo ( adema ) on bass , and dennis shinn on drums .
44	anti-nowhere league are an english hardcore punk band , formed in 1980 by lead singer animal ( nick culmer ) , guitar magoo ( chris exall ) , tony '' bones '' shaw on drums and clive '' winston the grass '' blake on bass .
14	the new lineup now included james mcclung - lead guitar , jack castleberry - bass , charlie mendias - drums and jesse lopez - sax .
12	history the things formed in 2001 by local friends robbie brady ( bass ) , neil moore ( vocals ) , vinny duggan ( guitar ) , jimmy cullen ( drums ) and ruairi paxton ( organ ) .
10	track listing personnel ; jane 's addiction eric avery -- bass perry farrell -- vocals dave navarro -- guitar stephen perkins -- drums ; recording personnel mark linett -- production patrick von wiegandt -- recording engineer eddy schreyer -- recording engineer ; additional personnel karyn cantor -- photography perry farrell -- artwork reception '' here is proof that jane 's addiction surpassed puberty before they came of age , '' wrote nick griffiths in a review of a cd reissue for select .
13	austral duly went to london where she was promoted by the leading british bass of the day , robert radford .
8	in 1987 he joined the ensemble as a bass soloist , and became people 's artist of the ussr .
25	the band consists of anders fernette ( vocals ) , håkan fredriksson ( keyboard ) , per lidén ( guitar ) , jimmy lundin ( bass ) and marcus nowak ( drums ) .
9	pigmy love circus originally consisted of shepherd stevenson on bass , mike savage on vocals , anthony martinez ( of black flag ) on drums , with rand '' pig '' walters and peter fletcher on guitar .
27	the group featured drummer bill bateman ( the blasters ) , dave lee bartel on guitar , paul size on lead guitar , johnny ray bartel on bass , and pianist gene taylor .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir only in the chorale , two oboe , two violin , viola , violoncello piccolo and basso continuo .
12	track listing credits lemmy ( ian kilmister ) -- lead vocals , bass '' fast '' eddie clarke -- guitar , backing vocals , co-lead vocals on '' beer drinkers and hell raisers '' and '' i 'm your witch doctor '' phil '' philthy animal '' taylor -- drums production producer -- speedy keen engineer -- john burns recorded -- escape studios , kent remix -- olympic studios , london mastering - adam skeaping executive producers -- motörhead / john burns logo -- joe petagno photographs -- lensy , motorcycle irene release history 21/aug/1977 -- uk vinyl -- chiswick , wik2 -- first 1000 printed black on silver foil sleeve .
19	musical personnel johnny thunders -- lead guitar , vocals additional musicians louis ( no last name given ) -- bass ( except where noted ) jerry nolan -- drums on tracks 1-3 walter lure -- guitar , vocals ( except track 9 ) tony curio ( a typo .
32	after entering the manhattan 's pyramid studios to record what would become their debut album , former hot rod circuit member and o'toole 's childhood friend joe ballaro joined the band on bass .
32	he attended erie day school from 1976 -- 1984 , cathedral preparatory school for boys from 1984 -- 85 , and mcdowell high school from 1985 -- 88 , where he played bass in the rock group gideon winter , which was named after a major character in the novel floating dragon by peter straub .
17	track listing personnel joey tempest -- vocals kee marcello -- guitar , background vocals john levén -- bass mic michaeli -- keyboards , background vocals ian haugland -- drum nate winger -- background vocals paul winger -- background vocals beau hill -- producer , mixing jimmy hoyson -- engineer , mixing martin horenburg -- assistant engineer ted jensen -- mastering jeff katz -- photography mark wilkinson -- illustrations tony sellari -- art direction chart positions the album did not chart in the usa , which is unusual for a major label follow-up to two recent ( multi ) platinum albums .
5	it features victor bailey on bass , dennis chambers on drums , mitch forman on keyboards , chuck loeb on guitar , and bill evans on saxophone ( soprano and tenor ) .
36	matthew william tansley stiff ( born 13 december 1979 in grimsby , north east lincolnshire ) also credited as matt stiff is an english opera singer and former radio presenter , best known as the former bass singer with classical boyband g4 .
7	jack mahaffy was signed on full-time as bass player in the summer of 2003 .
27	the group was formed by sven-erik '' maniac '' kristiansen ( vocals , ex - mayhem ) , bjørn hinkel ( guitar ) , joacim weibull ( bass ) and einar '' beinhard '' sjursø ( drums ) in 2002 .
24	the 2004 album get down with it : the okeh sessions includes a booklet that also credits the following musicians : eddie fletcher -- bass , glen willings -- guitar .
53	'' track listing personnel jon bunch - vocals ( tracks 1-11 , 13-15 ) jason gleason - vocals ( track 12 ) chris carrabba - vocals ( tracks 16-20 ) josh colbert - guitar derick cordoba - guitar ( tracks 1-15 ) nick dominguez - guitar ( tracks 16-20 ) chad neptune - bass steve kleisath - drums album information record label : 567 records all songs written by further seems forever except '' pagan poetry '' by björk .
17	the live performance is similar to the one found on the album , featuring three guitars , bass and drums .
14	track listing personnel stuart murdoch - vocals , guitar , keyboard stuart david - bass , vocals isobel campbell - cello , vocals , guitar chris geddes - keyboards , piano richard colburn - drums stevie jackson - guitar , vocals sarah martin - violin mick cooke - trumpet ian mackay - bagpipes on '' sleep the clock around '' appearances in film the instrumental of the title track '' the boy with the arab strap '' was later used as the theme tune for the television show teachers .
19	personnel liam gallagher vocals , tambourine noel gallagher lead guitar , backing vocals paul arthurs rhythm guitar paul mcguigan bass tony mccarroll drums and percussion track listings all songs written by noel gallagher except where noted .
13	personnel barry gibb -- lead and backing vocal maurice gibb -- piano , bass russell barnsley -- drums geoff grant -- trumpet steve kipner -- backing vocal robin gibb -- backing vocal nat kipner -- producer chart positions cover versions a version of the song performed and produced by the dissociatives was used as the theme song of the australian broadcasting corporation 's music-based quiz show spicks and specks ( 2005 -- 2011 ) .
17	as the verse begins , a somber lead riff takes over backed a steady beat , crooning bass , and melodic , clean vocals detailing the immediate physical aftermath of a car wreck .
33	the members were ste williams ( vocals ) , patrick harrison ( guitar ) , ally lambert ( drum ) , anthony hughes ( guitar and keyboard ) , and jay bennett ( bass ) .
11	structure the song opens with a reggae section prominently featuring the bass , then moves through several contrasting themes before culminating in an improvised section that begins with a i-v-iv chord progression .
28	( question mark ) '' and '' kino '' ) , keyboard carlo karges -- guitar , backup vocals ( on '' kino '' ) jürgen dehmel -- bass rolf brendel -- drum , percussion technical personnel david sanborn -- saxophone ( on '' ?
35	they have instruments on-hand for recording sessions , including a hammond b3 organ , a number of grand pianos , multiple drum kits , and a collection of over forty ( 40 ) electric and bass guitars .
12	personnel shaun morgan -- lead vocals , rhythm guitar dale stewart -- bass , backing vocals john humphrey -- drums troy mclawhorn -- lead guitar brendan o'brien -- producer / mixer charts music video the music video for '' here and now '' was released in december 2012 .
24	band of skulls is an english rock band from southampton , consisting of russell marsden ( guitar , vocals ) , emma richardson ( bass , vocals ) , and matt hayward ( drums ) .
18	personnel ginger - vocals , guitar , producer c.j - guitar , vocals , producer danny mccormack - bass , producer stidi - drums , producer with the following additional musicians : willie dowling - piano & keyboards ritch battersby - drums on '' caffeine bomb '' mick ronson - guitar solo on '' my baby is a headfuck '' stevie lange - backing vocals on '' loveshit '' sarah smith - saxophone mark dodson - producer mick ronson contributed one of the three guitar solos on '' my baby is a headfuck .
14	the cantata i six movemets is written for soprano , alto , tenor and bass soloists , a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , two oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
9	the roots radics band was formed in 1978 by bass player errol '' flabba '' holt , guitarist eric '' bingy bunny '' lamont and drummer lincoln '' style '' scott .
14	it is scored for a satb choir and organ , and features solos for bass and tenor .
17	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for three vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboe , oboe da caccia , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
5	it begins with an iterative bass line before the vocals start .
42	personnel virtual personnel from metalocalypse dethklok nathan explosion -- lead vocals , lyricist skwisgaar skwigelf -- lead , rhythm guitar toki wartooth -- rhythm guitar pickles -- drums , vocals on '' hatredcopter '' and '' kill you '' william murderface -- bass dick '' magic ears '' knubbler -- production , engineering , mixing charles foster offdensen -- legal council , management , cfo all songs recorded at mordhaus studios , except '' murmaider '' and '' go into the water '' that were recorded miles below the earth 's surface in the dethsub studio deep within the mariana trench , and '' better metal snake '' , '' the lost vikings '' , and '' thunderhorse '' , aka '' the viking trilogy '' , recovered from sessions deleted by nathan explosion .
19	as a student at the university of florida , where he received a degree in journalism , doherty played bass in several punk rock bands , including the jeffersons and turbo satan .
36	at the time of the band splitting in october 2009 , the band line-up consisted of alan donohoe ( lead vocals and rhythm guitar ) , matthew swinnerton ( lead guitar ) , jamie hornsmith ( bass ) and lasse petersen ( drums ) .
74	career school friends trevor brice ( born 12 february 1945 , rochester , kent , england ) ( vocals ) , tony goulden ( born anthony goulden , 21 november 1942 , rochester ) ( guitar ) , dick allix ( born richard allix , 3 may 1945 , gravesend , kent ) ( drum ) and tony jarrett ( born anthony jarrett , 4 september 1943 , in rochester , kent ) ( bass ) formed the band in kent in 1966 , originally calling themselves the avengers .
14	track listing personnel dave smalley -- vocals bill stevenson -- drum karl alvarez -- bass , vocals stephen egerton -- guitar trivia a young basketball player is seen wearing an '' allroy for prez '' t-shirt in the movie '' jack '' featuring robin williams .
62	members sena dagadu - vocals , rap andrás kéri aka mc columbo - vocals , rap istván busa aka papa diamont - rap ákos baranyai aka dj future - turntable tamás dési aka monsieur büdoá - drum ádám meggyes aka mézeságyas - trumpet márton élő aka dermot - trombone gáspár horváth aka jumo daddy - keyboards miklós havas aka doktor úr - bass ádám szekér - guitar antal oláh aka monsieur zsömoá - percussion discography fel a kezekkel !
21	marshall was a member of the group almanac with bennie maupin ( flute , tenor saxophone ) , cecil mcbee ( bass ) and mike nock ( piano ) .
16	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , two recorder , two oboe , two violin , viola and continuo .
24	certified gold by the canadian recording industry association track listing personnel kim mitchell -- guitar and vocals gary mccracken -- drums dave myles -- bass pye dubois -- lyrics this album was released internationally on the mercury/polygram records label outside of canada .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in eight movements is for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboes d'amore , flauto traverso , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
98	band members alan '' boots '' holmes ( baritone sax / tenor saxophone / flute ) - ( born 25 april 1940 , rotherhithe , south east london ) '' major '' griff west ( tenor saxophone/flute ) - ( born david glyde , 19 december 1940 , barnehurst , kent ) barrie cameron ( organ / baritone saxophone ) - ( born barrie cameron-elmes , 25 october 1939 , erith , kent ) john st. john ( lead guitar ) - ( born john gillard , 1 april 1940 , dartford , kent ) wes hunter ( bass ) - ( born richard thomas , 1941 , barnehurst , kent .
26	perhaps best known as an electric and acoustic guitar player , rhodes is a multi-instrumentalist who has also performed and/or recorded playing piano , dobro , bass , theremin , and percussion .
9	live performances the original line-up had alistair watson on bass and andrew morgan on keyboard but this was changed to the current set-up in june 2007 .
3	gary lunn : bass .
13	singles track listing personnel nelson matthew nelson - lead and back-up vocals , bass , electric , 12-string , and acoustic guitar gunnar nelson -- lead and back-up vocals , rhythm , 12-string , gut and acoustic guitars , solos on '' only time will tell '' and '' will you love me ?
39	the four members in the band at the time , toby morrell ( vocals / guitar ) , devin shelton ( drums ) , matt carter ( guitar / keyboards ) , and joel '' chopper '' green ( bass ) actually left rock hill , south carolina for seattle on september 11 , the day of the terrorist attacks ; they found out about the attacks when they stopped at a local diner in south carolina .
21	track listing personnel ; helloween andi deris - lead vocals michael weikath - guitar sascha gerstner - guitar markus grosskopf - bass ; additional musicians mark cross - drums on tracks 7 , 11 mikkey dee - drums on tracks 1-6 , 8-10 , 12 stefan schwarzmann - drums on tracks 13 , 14 ( bonus tracks ) trivia '' do you feel good '' was originally written during the sessions for the dark ride .
12	gwynne howell ( born 13 june 1938 ) is a welsh opera bass , known particularly for his performances of verdi and wagner roles .
23	giulio neri ( may 21 , 1909 , torrita di siena - april 21 , 1958 , rome ) was an italian operatic bass , particularly associated with the italian repertory .
43	personnel matthew thiessen -- lead vocals , guitar , piano , organ , trombone , steel drums , bells , nylon string guitar , rhodes electric piano , wurlitzer electric piano matt hoopes -- guitar , backing vocals , omnichord john warne -- bass , backing vocals jon schneck -- guitar ethan luck -- drums , guitar , percussion mark lee townsend -- producer , guitar , mandolin album art the cover art is an oil painting on canvas , by linden frederick , matt thiessen 's uncle .
15	history originally born in coalinga , california , near fresno ca , brothers patrick ( bass and vocals ) and candido '' lolly '' vasquez-vegas ( guitar and vocals ) moved to los angeles in 1969 to form the group redbone with mere cents in their pockets due to pat winning one of the first singing competitions held by coca-cola .
5	he recently retired from singing bass in the choir of st. mary 's cathedral , glasgow .
31	she introduced her band , formed by eric nicolau in guitar and electric guitar , roberto cerletti in drums , neara russel in piano and backing vocals and nick adams in bass .
30	mario petri on stage ( 1955 ) mario petri ( january 21 , 1922 , perugia - january 26 , 1985 , città della pieve ) was an italian operatic bass particularly associated with mozart and rossini roles .
44	she appeared on super jam ( 1989 ) , the live recording of the german tv series villa fantastica with brian auger on piano , pete york on drums , dick morrissey on tenor saxophone , roy williams on trombone , harvey weston on bass and zoot money , also on vocals .
25	ildar amirovich abdrazakov ( , pronounced ) ( born 26 september 1976 in ufa , russian federation ) is a grammy award - winning operatic bass singer .
24	track listing personnel art pepper -- alto saxophone ; clarinet on '' sometime '' george cables -- piano tony dumas -- '' blitz '' bass billy higgins -- drums sources richard cook & brian morton .
5	instruments such as guitar , bass , piano and drum , and lyrics about love were '' most wanted '' by the survey respondents , and are included in the song , which has been described as '' celine dion - esque '' .
5	joshua david ansley was the bass player for the band hurt and the ska bands catch 22 and streetlight manifesto .
21	track listing credits ryan redman - vocals stuart steele - guitar , backing vocals joe ward - guitar james steele - bass chris steele - drums mark williams - production critical response the album received a '' kkkk '' ( equivalent to 4/5 ) rating in kerrang! magazine .
2	rikiji -- bass , collaborator in one gig at end of 2010 .
13	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for soprano and bass soloists , oboe d'amore , two violin , viola , violoncello piccolo , organ and basso continuo .
16	bach scored the work for five vocal parts ( two soprano , alto , tenor and bass , ssatb ) .
14	the band was formed by roger miller ( guitar ) , clint conley ( bass ) , peter prescott ( drums ) and martin swope ( tape manipulator/sound engineer ) .
8	roland cube is a series of guitar and bass amplifiers manufactured and distributed by the roland corporation .
8	( russian : эдуард максович лабковский ) , bass soloist .
21	tough developed an early interest in music , and in his youth started playing saxophone , later transitioning to drums , bass , piano and guitar .
17	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for soprano , alto , tenor and bass soloists , a four-part choir , flauto traverso , flauto piccolo or ( later ) violino piccolo , two oboe , horn or ( later ) trombone , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
12	members carrie akre - vocals harris thurmond - guitar james atkins - bass dave bosch - drums discography kept house/after all - 7 '' ( 1990 ) new rose , damned cover on another damned seattle compilation , dashboard hula girl records ( 1991 ) hammerbox ( 1991 ) numb ( 1993 ) live emp skychurch , seattle , wa ( 2005 ) the songs ` trip ' and ` simple passing ' from the album ` numb ' are featured in the soundtrack of the video game road rash , by electronic arts .
13	personnel ; luna sea vocals : ryuichi guitar : sugizo guitar : inoran bass : j drums : shinya ; production producer and arranger : luna sea engineers : yoshiaki kondo , takao okimoto , atsushi tanaka direction : mr. hattori , makoto ebina , akihiro nagasaka jacket design and photos : miss saori tsuji costume coordinator : miss sayuri chihara hair stylist : tetsuya endo road crew : ippei kuwabara , seiji noro , atsushi naito , yosuke narita , kenichi nanba 2011 re-recording in 2011 , the band re-recorded the whole album and released it on march 16 on their new label hpq , which is owned by avex group .
14	darling '' mark eric - guitar on '' greenwich meantime '' bruce kulick - bass on '' the day i went mad '' , '' do n't look down '' , '' oh !
14	track listing personnel shaun morgan -- lead vocals , rhythm guitar dale stewart -- bass , backing vocals john humphrey -- drums , percussion pat callahan - lead guitar unreleased songs before the release of karma and effect , a blog from the band on their website stated that there would be three b-side tracks for the album .
16	line-up lynn allers - vocals curtis morrell - guitar marc hanson - guitar dustin mitchell - bass matt suiter - drums additional personnel gregg bock - extreme vocals on track 7 technical information the album was recorded and mixed at streamline sound studios , between february 2007 and april 2007 in salt lake city .
38	by 1976 , the skyy lineup of the three dunning sisters as vocalists , roberts as the male vocalist / guitarist , anibal anthony sierra on guitars and keyboards , larry greenberg on keyboards , gerald lebon on bass , and tommy mcconnell on drums had solidified .
22	thereafter , nino learned how to play harmonium , guitar ( electric classical ) , drums , harmonica , accordion , and bass by the age of 16 .
9	track listing credits barclay james harvest les holroyd -- bass , keyboards , guitars , vocals john lees -- guitars , vocals mel pritchard -- drums , percussion guest musicians '' special guest musician '' on ring of changes was bias boshell , founder member of english folk band trees , working with barclay james harvest for the first time .
52	other members include : eric cymanski ( trumpet ) , robert ruffner ( trombone ) , paul lucckesi ( alto sax ) , todd doucet ( tenor sax ) , max bennett-parker ( piano ) , tony montanez ( drum ) , raymond gonzalez ( latin percussion ) , adam elmore ( bass ) , and jim fox ( guitar / vocals ) .
14	history the group formed in 1981 as a trio consisting of brad merritt ( bass ) , ian franey ( drums ) , and neil osborne ( vocals/guitar ) .
34	linx was a british soul / funk band consisting of david grant , bob carter ( keyboards ) , andy duncan ( drum ) , canute edwards ( guitar ) and peter martin ( bass ) ( aka sketch ) .
7	evil priest in 1988 , mckeegan ( bass / vocals ) , along with his two brothers ciaran ( guitar ) and charlie ( drum ) , formed a heavy metal band , evil priest .
19	scoring and structure the cantata is intimately scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
2	guitar and bass tab songbooks have been released for the album , both including the bonus track '' legacy '' .
45	from the information provided in the liner notes of the original release slippery when ill it can be deduced that the performers on the first eight tracks of country tunes are dave quackenbush on vocals , jan nils ackermann on guitar , robbie allen on bass , and joe escalante on drums .
11	it also features a backbeat from drummer bobby gregg , a bass line from harvey brooks , and a soaring harmonica break .
65	; side one personnel per liner notes sonny boy williamson -- vocals , harmonica muddy waters -- guitar on '' do n't start me to talkin ' '' and '' all my love in vain '' jimmy rogers -- guitar on '' do n't start me to talkin ' '' and '' all my love in vain '' otis spann -- piano willie dixon -- bass fred below -- drum robert lockwood , jr . -- guitar luther tucker -- guitar lafayette leake -- piano on '' wake up baby '' and '' your funeral and my trial '' eugene pierson -- guitar on '' wake up baby '' and '' your funeral and my trial '' charts down and out blues peaked at # 20 on the uk albums chart .
8	as a teenager , mika learned to play bass , forming his first band in 2001 , at age 16 .
19	eric garrett ( 10 june 1931 -- majorca , spain , 7 may 2009 ) was an english opera bass .
51	track listing line-up dave brockie ( oderus urungus ) - lead vocals dewey rowell ( flattus maximus ) - lead and rhythm guitar , backing vocals steve douglas ( balsac the jaws of death ) - lead and rhythm guitar , backing vocals michael bishop ( beefcake the mighty ) - bass , backing vocals rob mosby ( nippleus erectus ) - drums don drakulich ( techno destructo ) - lead vocals on '' techno 's song '' miscellaneous when the beginning of the song '' öllie north '' is played backwards , the actual beginning of the song happens to be a slurred rendition of a part of the bridge to careless whisper .
31	the members of his band include : doble sentido ( 2003 ) sandy stein ( piano and accordion ) jesus '' el niño '' perez ( piano ) eddie resto ( bass ) nacho ontiveros ( timbal and guiro ) marcos tabori ( timbal ) papo rodriguez ( conga and bongo ) ricky rodriguez ( conga ) braulio berrera ( bongo , cajon , and vocals ) ramon flores ( trumpet ) charlie biggs ( trumpet ) arturo velasco trombone ) erick jeorgensen ( trombone ) david stout ( trombone ) bobby rivas guiro and maracas .
17	around ten his mother 's cousin let him borrow a guitar , and he eventually moved onto bass .
9	primitive lyrics combined live rock music ( drums , bass , guitar , saxophone ) together with a dj and two rappers .
44	members line-up before band break-up qualcast '' koffee perkulator '' mutilator ( pete lee ) - vocals concorde faceripper ( steve nesfield ) - guitar schizo rotary sprintmaster ( gavin ` paddy ' o'malley ) - guitar mightymo destructimo ( chris parkes ) - bass explodin ' dr jaggers flymo ( chris flint ) - drums former members ( as lawnmower deth ) baron kev von thresh meister silo stench chisel '' is it time for my dinner yet ?
16	( friedrich ) sebastian mayer ( actually meier , 1773 9 may 1835 ) was a bass singer and stage director of the classical era .
21	since its inception , the band 's line-up has included founders : vocals / guitar graham boostrom , and vocals / bass ray delgado .
30	the chorus was directed by noted arranger and mathematician david wright ( now assistant director ) from 1981 to 1990 and has been directed since 2001 by jim henry , bass singer of the 1993 international quartet champion , the gas house gang , and the 2009 international quartet champion , crossroads .
19	personnel band members kai hansen -- vocals , guitar michael weikath -- guitar , cover concept markus grosskopf -- bass ingo schwichtenberg -- drums additional musicians james hardaway -- e-mu emulator ii production produced , engineered and mixed by harris johns edda and uwe karczewski -- cover design peter vahlefeld -- layout , typography charts trivia the titular entity in the song '' gorgar '' is the first talking pinball machine ever produced .
4	he plays guitar , bass , saxophone and flute for the post-rock band do make say think , and has also contributed to albums by broken social scene , feist , the hidden cameras and charles spearin .
15	pete briggs ( born 1904 , date of death unknown ) was an american jazz bass and tuba player .
19	shironamhin , have developed their own style of blending of the popular western instruments like guitar , drum kit bass and keyboard along with the traditional folk instruments like bansuri , dotara and indian classical instruments and also instruments like sarod , esraj , scottish , bodhran , banjo , silver flute , african instruments like mondo mo fa head , rainmaker ; western classic instruments like violin , cello , trumpet , coronet , saxophone etc. .
10	the latter two groups also featured the then pianist and bass singer , barry white .
48	band members on their 5 recordings include greg wall ( tenor saxophone ) , frank london ( trumpet ; also a member of the klezmatics ) , david fiuczynski ( guitar ) , aaron alexander ( drum and percussion ) , and kenny davis or fima ephron ( bass ) .
31	the session was produced by the chess brothers , leonard and phil , and backing berry ( vocals , guitar ) were johnnie johnson ( piano ) , willie dixon ( bass ) , and fred below ( drum ) .
42	sons of day , stylized as sonsofday , is an american , alternative rock band based out of portland , oregon , consisting of three brothers : vladimir ( lead vocals ) , roman ( guitar ) , and scott belonozhko ( bass ) .
29	'' drama der geschlechtslosigkeit ( part 2 ) '' quotes from '' chim chim cher-ee '' , as featured in mary poppins , while '' shadowsphere '' quotes the bass lines from black sabbath 's '' under the sun '' .
16	the band carried on , adding new members chuck leavell on piano and lamar williams on bass .
18	at the age of 16 , cantú was drawn to entertaining people ; she started taking guitar and bass lessons , eventually leaving law school to pursue her musical career .
25	personnel ; the new pornographers a.c. newman -- vocals , guitar , ebow , synthesizer , harmonica , pump organ , xylophone john collins -- bass , guitar , synthesizer , ebow , vocals kurt dahle -- drums , percussion , vocals dan bejar -- vocals , guitar , synthesizer , melodeon neko case -- vocals blaine thurier -- synthesizer todd fancey -- guitar kathryn calder -- vocals , piano ; additional personnel nora o'connor -- vocals david carswell -- slide guitar , vocals shaun brodie -- trumpet todd macdonald -- mandolin tyr jami -- cello amy tuyn -- art work sarah pedersen -- photography howard redekopp -- engineer songs '' the bleeding heart show '' is featured in television advertisements for the university of phoenix and emusic .
4	the album contains no bass player .
13	the band features hagar on vocals , satriani on guitar , anthony on bass and smith on drums .
33	the third single , '' jump into the fire '' , was raucous , screaming rock and roll , including a drum solo by derek and the dominos ' jim gordon and a bass detuning by herbie flowers .
21	kim borg photo taken on 1965 kim borg ( august 7 , 1919 april 28 , 2000 ) was a finnish bass , teacher and composer .
7	though jack lewis had contributed vocals , bass and songwriting to jeffrey 's two previous albums , this is the first instance in which he was given equal billing on the cover .
53	track listing personnel amanda lear -- lead vocals patrick bacqueville -- trombone nicolas baudino -- flute , saxophone françois biesan -- trumpet farhat bouallagui -- violin christophe challut -- hair styling christophe dubois -- drums judith flessel-toto -- backing vocals sandrine foguère -- backing vocals fx costello -- record producer , guitar , bass , keyboards , backing vocals get ready !
12	roles cassandre , a wealthy farmer , in love with nicolette ( bass ) -- alfred reed columbine and clochette , his nieces ( mezzo-soprano ) and ( soprano ) -- fanny holland and leonora braham arlequin , brother of ... ( baritone ) -- alfred bishop pierrot ( tenor ) -- r. corney grain nicolette , an old coquette ( contralto ) -- priscilla german reed note , some of the character names are those of the stock characters of the harlequinade .
20	the name was coined because the early dance-hall numbers were invariably four-piece bands ( violin - piano - accordion - bass ) .
4	dave bronze -- - bass ( all tracks except 1 and 3 ) .
11	almost as important as king himself was the '' menacing '' bass of donald dunn , which at some points approached an early metal feel .
47	promo single 7 '' vinyl geffen 9 24148-2 : a side : my michelle b side : knockin ' on heaven 's door ( live ) personnel izzy stradlin - rhythm guitar , backing vocals slash - lead guitar axl rose - lead vocals duff mckagan - bass , backing vocals steven adler - drums covers the song was covered by the punk group afi for the compilation called punk goes metal .
21	writing in grove music online , graham sadler considers the air '' nouvelle hébé , charmante lycoris '' for anacreon 's bass part and the '' ravishing , chromatic sommeil '' to be '' especially fine '' , and the whole entrée to be the best piece of the opera .
18	credits band members martin hanner − guitar , keyboards andreas edlund − guitar , keyboards jonas sjögren − bass henrik wenngren − death vocals tobias björk − drums production and other produced , engineered and mixed by tommy tägtgren and skyfire .
13	katie , ( 28 ) plays guitar , paige ( 27 ) plays bass , johnny , ( 26 ) is the drummer , and stephen ( 24 ) plays fiddle , saxophone , pennywhistle , and harmonica .
7	personnel paul mccartney -- lead vocal , bass , piano george harrison -- backing vocal , lead guitar john lennon -- backing vocal ringo starr -- drum , tambourine mal evans -- hammond organ macdonald commented that starr added an overdubbed hi-hat part in addition to the hi-hat part played in the basic rhythm track , and that evans 's organ part was a single a note held throughout the final verse and chorus .
4	members greg wilkinson -- bass and vocals nathan smith -- guitar and vocals ira harris -- drums discography ep brain/lung split 7 '' with iron lung boredom noise ( 2001 ) lp brainoil lp life is abuse ( 2003 ) brainoil lp gatefold repress throne records ( 2003 ) death of this dry season lp ( 2011 ) cd '' split cd with cruevo '' split label release between berserker , unknown controller , boredom noise and ( 2001 ) download brainoil oddities , obscurities and releases mix # 1 ( 2011 ) associated projects ira harris played in the punk band from santa fe , new mexico during the 1990s .
29	two years later , the demo guerra de criaturas ( 1987 ) was recorded and distributed as semi between supporters of the trio , consisting of rodrigo cuadra ( bass and vocals ) , jamal eltit ( guitar ) and jaime palma ( drums ) .
22	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is intimately scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboe , taille ( tenor oboe ) , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
29	mozart 's requiem was sung at the funeral ; the soloists were the soprano jeanne-anais castellan , the mezzo-soprano pauline viardot , the tenor alexis dupont , and the bass luigi lablache ; chopin 's preludes no. 4 in e minor and no. 6 in b minor were also played .
51	joe and eddie ( joe gilbert and eddie brown ) , folk singers greg 'curly ' keranen , 1973 - bassist , the rubinoos , jonathan richman and the modern lovers stephen '' doc '' kupka 1964 founding member/baritone saxophone of tower of power phil lesh , 1957 - grateful dead bass player jesse michaels - son of writer leonard michaels , most notably the singer of the east bay punk band operation ivy , common rider lenny pickett - saturday night live saxophone player julian waterfall pollack , 2006 - jazz pianist thomas pridgen - current drummer for the mars volta joshua redman , 1986 - jazz musician david ellis , 1985 - jazz musician geoff tyson - acclaimed guitarist and record producer .
13	while guster 's studio albums included more instrumental variety ( e.g. violin , bass , drum kit ) , its live shows generally retained the same line-up until tours supporting its album lost and gone forever , in which the band diversified by playing different instruments on some songs .
11	the rare performance of '' system '' featured jonathan davis playing bass while singing , and was later released exclusively on korn 's digital ep # 2 .
17	the band currently consists of vocalist marc arcand , guitar bill macgregor , guitar brett hind , bass chris amey , and drum brian finner .
29	here is the average set-list : encore : the band jon bon jovi lead vocals , acoustic guitar richie sambora lead guitar , backing vocals , talkbox hugh mcdonald bass , backing vocals tico torres drums , percussion david bryan keyboards , backing vocals additional personnel bobby bandiera - rhythm guitar , backing vocals lorenza ponce - violin , viola , backing vocals kurt johnston - pedal steel guitar , backing vocals tour grossings the first 22 shows grossed 41.4 million dollars , placing their tour at # 11 on the list for top grossing tours of 2007 .
14	the four of them jam together for a minute , before the guitar , bass and drums leave the song , and lord plays a classically inspired organ solo .
54	career formed in may 1973 by tony o'malley and terry stannard , ex-members of the pop group arrival , kokomo 's ten-piece line-up became : dyan birch ( vocals ) , frank collins ( vocals ) , paddy mchugh ( vocals ) , tony o'malley ( keyboards , vocals ) , alan spenner ( bass ) , neil hubbard ( guitar ) , mel collins ( saxophone ) , jody linscott ( percussion ) , terry stannard ( drum ) and jim mullen ( guitar ) .
30	early years mohair featured pete baker ( drums , brass ) , ( guitar , vocals ) , alex richards ( keyboards , vocals ) , and tim slade ( bass , vocals ) .
25	'' in premier guitar , john bohlinger wrote , '' play all night benefits greatly from the warm , round fuzz of allen woody 's bass , a force of groove and attitude that you wo n't find on the other live allman brothers recordings .
40	in 1942 , in the absence of the station 's owner and announcer sam anderson , he also began reading commercials on the station 's 15-minute slot sponsored by the king biscuit flour company , and began learning to play bass .
22	a 2x15 '' fender bassman speaker cabinet , with a separate ab165 amplifier '' head '' unit the fender bassman is a bass amplifier introduced by fender in 1952 .
11	retired usmc colonel entertainment bobby blotzer drummer for ratt juan croucier bass player for ratt and dokken .
67	track listing personnel rhapsody fabio lione -- vocals luca turilli -- guitar alex staropoli -- keyboards additional personnel herby langhams , ciniza rizzo , robert hunecke-rizzo , oliver hartmann , miro -- choir miro -- production bridget fogle , previn moore -- church choir bridget fogle -- female baroque voice manuel staropoli -- baroque recorders dana lurie -- lead violin jay lansford -- narration sascha paeth -- bass , production thunderforce -- drums alex holzwarth appears in the photoshoot but did not record on this album .
29	the last line-up was alex gillings ( rhythm guitar ) , gemma clarke ( drums ) , claire wakeman ( lead guitar , vocals ) and lulu small ( bass ) .
23	months went by , and helena pinto was invited to join the band as the keyboardist , same o aitor rodrigo porres ( bass ) and javier fernández ( vocals ) ; they all accepted the invitation and the band was formed .
29	overview the band members were bill bartlett ( guitar ) , pete charles ( drums ) , myke scavone ( lead singer ) , and howie arthur blauvelt ( bass ) .
94	the album also includes '' in re don giovanni , '' nyman 's first composition for the band , which is based on the first sixteen bars of '' madamina , il catalogo è questo '' from don giovanni , six selections from peter greenaway 's film , drowning by numbers , in which he was instructed to base the music on the slow movement mozart 's sinfonia concertante k. 364 , and two duets and an aria from nyman 's television opera , letters , riddles and writs , in this recording featuring bass andrew slater as leopold mozart and contralto hilary summers as wolfgang .
19	credits and personnel song vocals and background vocals -- sasha pieterse drums -- matt davis guitar -- dan franklin bass -- allee fütterer fiddle -- lauren baba songwriting -- pieterse , matt steele production -- steele , dan franklin music video director -- matt steele executive producers -- sasha pieterse , dan franklin , matt steele location sound -- johnny kubelka grip -- hudson sheaffer makeup -- kristina goldberg hair -- jeanie duronsiet driver -- bill diaz wardrobe consideration -- threadsence equipment consideration -- carvin , divided by 13 , orybon drums , hollywood sound chart positions the song debuted in brazil , france at 91 .
5	he played electric guitar , bass , crumhorn , percussion , recorder , positive organ , piano , elka , synthesiser , glockenspiel and hammond organ .
38	uk cd : ape cd 004 personnel andy partridge -- instruments and vocals on all tracks dave gregory -- synth guitar on 12 , recording engineer on 12 , guitar and backing vocal on 13 colin moulding -- bass and backing vocal on 13 terry chambers -- drums on 13 dave morgan - psychedelic pensioner on 18 steve warren and bubble - recording engineers on 13 credits all songs were recorded at andy 's home except 12 at dave gregory 's home and 13 at redbrick studio , swindon town hall .
16	he also traveled with conductor alexander peloquin and the boston college chorale , singing as a bass , baritone , and tenor .
4	with his exceptionally low bass voice he was offered a position in the opera .
27	'' personnel mick jagger -- lead vocals , harmonica keith richards -- guitar , backing vocals mick taylor -- lead guitar , slide guitar bill wyman -- bass charlie watts -- drums additional musicians ian stewart -- piano on '' carol '' and '' little queenie '' tour set list a typical set list for the tour included the following , although there were substitutions ( note the presence of '' gim me shelter '' on live'r than you 'll ever be ) , variations and order switches throughout the tour .
27	personnel rivers cuomo -- lead vocals , lead guitar , harmonica patrick wilson -- drums brian bell -- rhythm guitar \* , backing vocals matt sharp -- bass , backing vocals ric ocasek -- producer chris shaw - engineer rivers cuomo stated that he played both lead and rhythm guitar on the blue album after former guitarist jason cropper left the band , but did say that brian did background vocals on the album .
17	xix 164 -- 7 located at the biblioteca nazionale centrale firenze uncovered previously unidentified emblems in the bass partbook .
16	'' ( ref personnel john lennon lead vocal , rhythm guitar paul mccartney lead vocal , bass george harrison backing vocals , lead guitar ringo starr drum , packing case other recordings a 1963 performance of '' words of love '' recorded for bbc broadcast is included on the 2013 compilation on air – live at the bbc volume 2 .
15	now the band members include arttu juntunen , keyboard and backup vocals , riku-niilo mattila bass , matti toivonen , guitar and oskari vilmunen , drums .
21	the band started performing as the merry babes but changed to salad in 1992 , when pete brown was recruited on bass .
21	history the band was formed by mark bandola ( vocals , guitar , keyboards ) and rob vandeven ( vocals , bass ) , with pete barraclough ( guitars , keyboards ) , and bryan hudspeth ( drums ) .
26	it was released on september 6 , 2005 through victory records and is the first album to feature dustie waring on guitar , dan briggs on bass , and blake richardson on drums .
12	the trio consisted of craig hundley on piano , shermin mckinney on bass , and gary chase on drums .
11	ollie russian is a british rock musician , who was the bass player in the bands meanwhile , back in communist russia ... and lux luther .
8	the songs were mostly written & arranged by bass / vocal efthimis karadimas , with the exception of four songs , which were co-written with guitar mike galiatsos , who ironically exited the band during the time of their last album , 1999 's diva futura .
11	the members of the ace of cups were mary gannon ( bass ) , marla hunt ( organ , piano ) , denise kaufman ( guitar , harmonica ) , mary ellen simpson ( lead guitar ) , and diane vitalich ( drums ) .
25	formed in 1990 the band consists of : alan hoey ( lead vocals guitar ) , tony barrett ( guitar ) , sid barrett ( bass ) and dave farrell ( drums ) .
127	sleeve design clint ruin and lydia lunch - photographs by wim van de hulst - lettering by robert williams track listing personnel and production '' stinkfist '' and '' son of stink '' : cliff martinez -- drums & metal dj bonebrake -- drums & metal neil -- drums & metal spit stix -- drums & metal tom surgal -- metal roli mosimann -- timbales , engineering lydia lunch -- voices & metal clint ruin -- voices & metal randy burns -- engineering hahn rowe -- engineering '' meltdown oratorio '' : lydia lunch -- voices clint ruin -- instruments martin bisi -- engineering '' the crumb '' : thurston moore -- guitar , voice lydia lunch -- voice clint ruin -- loops , treatments , production bass / drums - '' grafted and transplanted from eternity .
7	cd track listing performers justin rodriguez - bass , lead vocals ( all tracks ) adam allen - guitar , backing vocals ( all tracks ) marc allen - drums , backing vocals ( all tracks ) daniel reed - guitar , backing vocals ( tracks 1-12 ) james dennis - guitar , backing vocals ( tracks 11-13 ) cd track information dvd content information the 76-minute documentary of the band 's final tour is entitled managing the details and includes live footage from over 40 performances between july 23 and september 15 , 2004 .
18	personnel john lennon -- lead vocal , lead guitar , rhythm guitar paul mccartney -- backing vocal , bass , cowbell george harrison -- backing vocal , 12 string rhythm guitar ringo starr -- drum , bongos notable recordings harry nilsson version '' you ca n't do that '' was covered by harry nilsson for his debut album pandemonium shadow show ( 1967 ) .
28	for example , him played for the first time in the tavastia 's address in semifinal when ville valo , the lead-singer to be , was still playing bass .
14	goran simić ( belgrade , 1953 -- vienna , 2008 ) was a serbia bass .
6	he went on to play the bass part of caiphas , plus the screaming tenor of pilate .
30	auditions were held in march 1967 , which resulted in the recruitment of tony cavallari ( lead guitar ) , mike tegza ( drums ) , and tom skidmore ( bass ) .
22	kenna ) -- 4 : 16 personnel dave elkins -- vocals , guitar zach gehring -- guitar , vocals mark padgett -- bass , vocals jacob marshall -- drums , vocals rob sweitzer -- keyboards , hammond b3 , vocals technical personnel published by -- myman jones produced by -- howard benson recorded by -- mike plotnikoff cover design -- j. michael mollohan charts dvd there was a possibility of a dvd being co-released with the new album .
21	track 3 ; solos on 1 , 6 ) , ukulele ( 1 , 11 , 12 ) david piltch -- bass jay bellerose -- drums ( exc .
29	absent element the band absent element consisted of daughtry on lead vocals and guitar , mark perry on lead guitar , scott crawford on drums and ryan andrews on bass .
14	the cantata is scored for four soloists : soprano , alto , tenor and bass .
33	in addition to james taylor on lead vocals and guitar , other personnel include carly simon on harmony vocals , david sanborn on saxophone , clarence mcdonald on piano , lee sklar on bass and both jim keltner and russ kunkel on drums .
9	taylor started singing in 1994 and can also play bass and guitar .
15	woo 142 , '' joy '' ; song for two soprano , tenor , and bass with piano .
12	3 , oceania and monuments to an elegy ) nicole fiorentino -- bass and backing vocals ( vol .
17	track listing credits band members andrea mameli − guitars mattia nidini − death vocals francesco adami − bass corrado zoccatelli − drums francesco moro − guitars alessio de antoni − keyboards other graphics layout by mattia nidini at .
10	jonathan edwards asked her to tour with him when his bass player became unavailable .
24	despite being on a different label from its predecessor quiet places , buffy was recorded with essentially the same personnel in norbert putnam on bass , david briggs on keyboards , kenny malone on drums and the memphis horns .
13	these are generally interpretable in terms of soprano , alto , tenor and bass roles .
34	since its inception , the band has comprised singers jānis šipkēvics , andris sējāns ( both countertenor ) , juris lisenko ( tenor ) , jānis ozols ( baritone ) , jānis strazdiņš ( bass ) and reinis sējāns ( rhythm ) .
19	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( soprano , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , horn , two oboe d'amore , two violin , viola , violoncello piccolo and basso continuo .
19	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) and a four-part choir .
6	originally composed of alejandro lora on bass memo berea lead guitar and lead vocals , ernesto de leon on lead guitar , and carlos hauptvogel on the drum , the band has been accompanied on some albums by arturo labastida on saxophone and carlos martinez on trumpet .
32	track listing line-up during the album recording , these were the band members : patrik mennander ( vocals ) anssi auvinen ( guitar ) kai ahvenranta ( guitar ) mika kamppi ( bass ) sami karppinen ( drums ) music videos these are the music videos that were made from songs from this album : 3 .
12	each member was a multi-instrumentalist and they shared duties on guitar , bass , percussion , keyboards .
25	he then embarked on tour with his new line-up : gareth moulton ( guitar ) , sam flynn ( keyboards ) , dominic finley ( bass ) and tom arnold ( drum ) .
42	track-listing credits band teufel − vocals koll a. − bagpipes , flute ( shawm ) castus − backing vocals , violin ( hurdy gurdy ) , bagpipes , flute ( shawm ) wim − bagpipes , flute ( shawm ) brandan − bass , bagpipes other assistant producer - chris gardiner programmed by tec ( 4 ) music and lyrics composed and written by tanzwut ( tracks : 1 to 7 , 9 to 11 ) .
12	prior to the name change the band consisted of zach mayberry on bass , jered mark annis on lead guitar , niki skistimas on drums , and ralf dietel on lead vocals .
15	reception track listing personnel billie joe armstrong -- lead vocals , guitar mike dirnt -- bass , backing vocals john kiffmeyer -- drums , percussion , backing vocals additional performers aaron cometbus -- backing vocals , '' teeth '' on '' knowledge '' production andy ernst -- producer , engineer green day -- producers larry livermore -- mixing john golden -- mastering jesse michaels -- cover art , artwork pat hynes -- artwork , graphic design , layout design chris appelgren ; aaron cometbus ; rich gargano ; david hayes -- artwork murray bowles ; susie grant ; arica pelino -- photography ted jensen -- remaster john yates -- packaging notes writing uncredited on album cover , no lyrics provided .
26	track listing ; us ep single ; uk cd single ; limited uk ep single personnel tori amos -- acoustic piano , vocals jef scott -- bass ed green -- drums paulinho da costa -- percussion john chamberlin -- mandolin eric williams -- ukulele nancy shanks ( beene ) , tina gullickson -- backgrounds john beverly jones -- sound recording leslie ann jones -- assistance paul mckenna -- mixing davitt sigerson -- producer ian stanley -- producer charts appearances of the song on television live performances tori amos performed '' crucify '' on late night with david letterman in may , 1992 , and on cbs this morning on september 9 , 1992 .
25	members the band members are : tim bryant ( guitar , vocals ) , tom greier ( guitar , vocals ) , paul zacks ( bass ) , dan '' scary '' braun ( drums ) .
15	the original band was formed in summer 2000 and consisted of : les claypool ( bass , vocals ) , todd huth ( guitar , vocals ) , jay lane ( drums ) , jeff chimenti ( keyboards ) , skerik ( saxophone ) , and eenor ( guitar , cümbüş ) .
32	track listing personnel duke pearson - piano , electric piano burt collins , joe shepley ( tracks 1-7 ) - trumpet kenny rupp - trombone hermeto pascoal - flute , guitar , bass ( tracks 1-7 ) jerry dodgion ( track 8 ) .
2	stefan played bass on the first album before switching to his more accustomed role as guitarist for their second album , the misanthropocalypse .
13	'' track listing performers chris mccaughan - guitar , vocals brendan kelly - bass , vocals neil hennessy - drums album information record label : fat wreck chords recorded , mixed and produced september-october 2001 at atlas studios in andersonville , chicago by matt allison paintings and sketches by josh marshall type design and layout by david holtz additional art and layout by the lawrence arms and kate mccaughan pseudonyms in the album 's liner notes , the band members identify themselves under the false names clarence darrow , lehigh acres , and weekawken hennessy .
13	members jesse mcfaddin -- vocals & guitar kaneko nobuaki -- drums kenken -- bass rize music dna rize , all 3 members are born and raised with '' real , professional '' music environments on the backgrounds as all of their fathers were in the legendary 3 pieces band called '' pink cloud '' which played from 1979 -- 1994 , making a huge impact in japanese rock scenes and influenced the modern bands .
27	her second album , tributaries , features hiro morozumi on piano , oyvind nypan & andreas öberg on guitar , pierre boussaguet & acelio de paula on bass and simoné prattico on drums as well as a large array of parisian horn and string musicians .
14	he later said : personnel john lennon double-tracked vocal , acoustic guitar paul mccartney bass , harmony vocal george harrison double-tracked sitar ringo starr tambourine , maraca , finger cymbals reception and legacy the song is described by writer mark lewisohn as '' pure lennon genius ... one of the most original pop music songs recorded to date '' , and by music critic richie unterberger as '' undoubtedly the beatles ' greatest lyrical triumph during their folk-rock phase '' .
45	gila 's original lineup was daniel alluno ( drums , bongos , tabla , percussion ) , fritz scheyhing ( organ , mellotron , percussion , keyboards ) , conny veit ( guitar , vocals , tabla , additional keyboards ) and walter wiederkehr ( bass ) .
6	personnel paul mccartney double-tracked vocal , bass john lennon harmony vocal , acoustic rhythm guitar , harmonium ringo starr drums , tambourine george martin producer norman smith engineer macdonald was not sure whether or not harrison sang a harmony vocal part .
23	1999 reissue personnel ; double trouble stevie ray vaughan -- guitar , vocals , drums on '' empty arms '' tommy shannon -- bass , vocals on '' say what !
19	pre ees akihito morimoto , known as ` aki ' ( guitar and vocals ) and kazuto maekawa ( bass ) first met at high school in osaka .
6	he composed the solo cantata for bass in leipzig in 1727 for the feast ( purification of mary ) and first performed it on 2 february 1727 .
10	personnel on record dave grohl - guitar , vocals , bass , drums tracklist ; promo other versions a version recorded on november 23 , 1995 at maida vale studios for the bbc the evening session was released as a b side to the big me single .
29	personnel those involved in the making of silent alarm are : bloc party kele okereke -- lead vocals , rhythm guitar russell lissack -- lead guitar gordon moakes -- bass , backing vocals , synthesizer matt tong -- drums , backing vocals production paul epworth -- producer , programming ( track 4 ) eliot james -- recording ( except tracks 4 , 13 ) , programming ( except track 4 ) , additional production mark '' top '' rankin -- recording ( tracks 4 , 13 ) joe hirst -- recording assistant '' fashion show '' -- recording assistant rich costey -- mixing artwork ness sherry -- album cover photograph paul epworth -- photography ( except russell , copenhagen ) matt tong -- photography ( russell , copenhagen ) chart positions album singles '' -- '' denotes releases that did not chart .
31	band members contributions include : wayne static ( lead vocals , guitar , keyboards , programming ) , koichi fukuda ( guitar , keyboards , programming ) , tony campos ( bass , background vocals ) , and ken jay ( drums ) .
33	two arias from the work , invan la mia pietà tenta l'ingrato and chi alla colpa fà tragitto , can be heard on : vivaldi : arie per basso ( lorenzo regazzo , bass ; concerto italiano ; rinaldo alessandrini , conductor ) .
8	performers on the song include slim harbert on bass , johnny gimble on fiddle , floyd lanning on guitar , and harold carmack on piano .
18	orlin anastassov ( born 1976 ) is a bulgaria opera singer with an active international career performing leading bass roles .
22	personnel john foxx -- vocals , rhythm machines ( mainly roland cr-78 ) , synthesizer -- additional synthesizers jake durant -- additional bass gareth jones -- engineer keyboards used on the album include the minimoog , arp odyssey , clavinet , piano , farfisa string synth , and hammond organ .
39	track listing personnel james mtume - keyboards , lead vocals , backing vocals tawatha agee - lead vocals , backing vocals , percussion ed '' tree '' moore , kevin robinson , michael murphy - guitar raymond jackson - bass , backing vocals philip field - keyboards , backing vocals barry eastman , bernie worrell , david frank - keyboards gary bartz - saxophone andy wallace - engineer charts singles '' juicy fruit '' the song '' juicy fruit '' is a staple hip-hop sample .
8	instruments used in the show include keyboards , bass , drums , percussion , violin , and various wind instruments .
30	track listing personnel ; band members eric bloom -- lead vocals , stun guitar , keyboards albert bouchard -- drums , lead vocals ( track 8 ) joe bouchard -- bass , lead vocals ( track 6 ) allen lanier -- rhythm guitar , keyboards donald '' buck dharma '' roeser -- lead guitar , lead vocals ( tracks 3 and 5 ) ; production murray krugman , sandy pearlman -- producers david lucas -- associate producer , engineer bill robertson -- engineer bruce dickinson -- reissue producer vic anesini -- reissue mastering covers and appearances '' transmaniacon mc '' is featured in the video game rock band as downloadable content that may be purchased off of the system or downloaded from the rock band track pack : metal disc using a one-time use code .
14	the music was propelled by catchy beats , an electric guitar and an acoustic bass which was played using the slap-back technique .
24	in may 2006 dan returned to the studios with grant estes ( guitar ) , amery smith ( drums ) , louiche mayorga ( bass ) and kevin guercio ( vocals ) to record a sequel to the split album welcome to venice , titled welcome 2 venice under the name against .
16	track listing us track listing personnel stuart smith - lead vocals , guitar dan adams - bass , trumpet tim collis - guitar chris collis - drums , percussion additional guitars and piano provided by jody prewitt .
20	personnel helloween michael kiske - vocals , acoustic guitar michael weikath - guitar roland grapow - guitar markus grosskopf - bass ingo schwichtenberg - drums guests axel bergstedt - conductor , church organ in '' i believe '' children 's choir of the orchestra '' johann sebastian bach '' , hamburg in '' i believe '' - violin it is an interesting footmark , that three of the children of the children 's choir are aminata , jazz and sophie from black buddafly , who had been 12 and 13 years old , when they sang for chameleon .
24	track listing personnel band members manne ikonen -- vocals tommi kiviniemi -- guitar wille naukkarinen -- guitar veli-matti suihkonen -- drums janne julin -- bass guests aleksi munter -- keyboards fredrik nordin -- guest vocals production produced by mikko kartano at seawolf studios , helsinki , finland .
16	personnel ringo starr -- lead vocal , drums , tambourine paul mccartney -- backing vocal , bass , piano john lennon -- backing vocal , cowbell george harrison -- backing vocal , guitar george martin -- producer , hammond organ geoff emerick -- engineer cover versions there have been at least 50 cover versions of the song and it has achieved the number one position on the british singles charts three times : by joe cocker in 1968 , wet wet wet in 1988 and by sam & mark in 2004 .
23	the members are pasquale stafano who plays piano , gianni iorio on bandoneón ( a type of accordion ) and pierluigi balducci on bass .
18	this is perhaps the most common type , usually consisting of soprano , alto , tenor , and bass voices , often abbreviated as satb .
41	'' as performed on in color , the song starts with nielsen playing a frenzied , fuzzy guitar part for two and a half bars , then bun e. carlos ' strong drum beat appears , and finally tom petersson 's bass and robin zander 's vocal join in .
6	personnel arjen lucassen - guitar , bass , keyboard , synthesizer .
38	portraits and landscapes ( jrcd 20029 ) ; released in 2000 on jardis records ( a european jazz guitar label ) ; featured larry goldings on piano and organ , bill thompson on reeds , keala kaumeheiwa on bass , and greg conroy on drums .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is festively scored for four soloists , soprano , alto , tenor and bass , a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
20	smash was formed by ed borrie ( vocals , guitar ) , salvatore alessi ( credited as salv ) ( bass ) , and rob hague ( drum ) in welwyn garden city in hertfordshire , england .
30	composition remember not , lord , our offences is an anthem for an a cappella choir consisting of five voice parts : two soprano parts , alto , tenor and bass ( ssatb ) .
24	track listing side one side two personnel joe strummer - lead vocal , piano , guitars mick jones - sound effects paul simonon - bass topper headon - drums mikey dread - backing vocal robber dub '' robber dub '' is the dub version of '' bankrobber '' .
11	mikael höglund ( born 15 may 1962 ) is a swedish bass player , previously of the bands tryckvåg , great king rat and thunder , appearing on the 1995 album behind closed doors , live circuit and their finest hour ... and a bit , live at the bbc ( 1990-1995 ) .
43	; disc 1 ; disc 2 ( digipak edition only ) ; disc 2 : lost ( t ) apes ( basic edition only ) personnel ; guano apes sandra nasić -- vocals henning rümenapp -- guitar , backing vocals stefan ude -- bass , backing vocals dennis poschwatta -- drums , backing vocals ; additional musicians michael mittermeier - vocals on '' kumba yo !
7	'' anders herrlin , gyllene tider 's bass player , said it was finn 5 fel !
22	track listing all tracks by lizzy borden except were noted personnel lizzy borden - vocals alex nelson - guitar marten andersson - bass joey scott - drums additional personnel elliott solomon played all keyboards .
24	members ale : vocals and rhythm guitar diego : lead guitar and backing vocals leo : harmonica migue : drums and percussion pablito : bass discography escupiendo verdades ( demo ) , 2000 it 's a demo with 11 themes .
22	members current members david larson - vocal , guitar and keyboard / synthesizer filip bekic - guitar , backing-vocals magnus robert - bass , backing-vocals frans povel - drums , percussion , backing-vocals discography ; album 2013 : goldrushed ( swedish release ) 1 .
14	matthew rose ( born 4 may 1978 in brighton ) is an english opera bass .
23	it is open to the following voice type : soprano , mezzo-soprano , contralto , counter tenor , tenor , baritone , and bass .
14	career møster played the accordion since he was 6 years old , cornet , bass , saxophone the following years , and played the guitar in the rock band '' riper i lakken '' since 13 .
64	members ; current members andrew '' andy leo '' velasquez - lead vocals , ( 2010 -- present ) keyboards ( 2013 -- 2014 ) david escamilla - lead vocals , ( 2012 -- present ) live guitar ( 2014 -- present ) brandon hoover - rhythm guitar , backing vocals ( 2010 -- present ) hayden tree - lead guitar ( 2010-2011 ) bass ( 2011 -- present ) bennett '' benn suede '' vogelman - lead guitar , backing vocals ( 2011 -- present ) brent taddie - drums ( 2011 -- present ) ; other brendan barone ( formerly of pop rock band disco curtis ) : the 7th '' member '' of crown the empire .
12	he was asked to join fear factory in december 1993 as a bass player .
17	my voice was a baritone , though i sang falsetto easily , and asa had a deep bass .
6	later shahar levi joined on the bass and niss ( who never disclosed his full name ) on the drums .
24	eventually adding erik mikalauskas ( guitar ) , cam bordignon ( drums ; who replaced original drummer joe demars ) and sean palmer ( bass ) , the reason began to write songs and immediately released their first ep - problems associated with running .
17	her music is acoustic ; she usually plays the music with 4 support members , guitar , bass , drum and percussion .
10	personnel on record dave grohl - guitar , vocals , bass , drums singles ; 12 '' uk vinyl promo single ; 7 '' vinyl single stamped label / french cd single / japan cd single / 7 '' single ; 7 '' one-sided vinyl single / uk promo cd ; 12 '' luminous vinyl single / uk cd single / radio promo cd ; cassette tape single / australian cd single / dutch cd single '' podunk ( cement mix ) '' is seemingly exactly the same mix and version as the standard version of '' podunk '' .
32	the four-piece band consisted of then-former soundgarden lead singer / rhythm guitarist chris cornell , and then-former rage against the machine members tom morello ( lead guitar ) , tim commerford ( bass / backing vocals ) , and brad wilk ( drums ) .
4	; kohta role : bass / chorus real name : kohta murata birthday : june 3 , 1975 birthplace : sapporo , hokkaido now part of the band angelo together with kirito and takeo .
18	track listing personnel joe altier -- vocals kris wiechmann -- guitar kenny dunham -- guitar chuck kahl -- bass kevin dean -- drums joey z -- producer , engineered and mixed mastered by george marino at sterling sound .
11	gustavus waltz gustavus waltz ( fl. 1732-1759 ) was a german bass opera singer who collaborated with handel .
9	members -- vocals ( 2003 -- present ) -- bass , backing vocals ( 2003 -- present ) -- drums ( 2003 -- present ) -- guitar , backing vocals ( 2007 -- present ) -- keyboards , synthesizer ( 2007 -- present ) ; former members -- guitars , backing vocals ( 2003 -- 2007 ) equipment yu-ki ( keyboards ) uses a korg x50 and a yamaha mo6 in a firm ultimate ax48b rack .
34	they recruited fellow vocalist lindsay garfield from a listing she had written looking for a guitar player , and from there recruited bandmates julie ann thomasson on keyboards and vocals , justin fantl on bass , jesse hunt on drum , and tim marcus on pedal steel guitar .
13	hemingway followed whitaker into bands , first the newpolitans with dave rotheray on bass , and then the velvetones .
19	track listings personnel tarja turunen vocals tuomas holopainen keyboard and piano emppu vuorinen guitar jukka nevalainen drums marco hietala bass , vocals london philharmonic orchestra - orchestra and chorus video directed by uwe boll , '' wish i had an angel '' was the last video from once and it features some scenes from the 2005 movie alone in the dark , also directed by boll .
22	track listing credits the band : warrel dane - lead vocals jeff loomis - guitar steve smyth - guitar jim sheppard - bass van williams - drums guest musician : james murphy - special guest lead guitar on '' the holocaust of thought '' production : andy sneap - production , engineering , mixing , mastering hugh syme - cover art olle carlsson - band and background photography stefan wibbeke - layout and booklet design chart positions in popular culture in the marvel comic runaways ( comics ) one of the characters , chase stein mentions the track '' the psalm of lydia '' to a coworker as a flirt while at his job at a radio station .
9	in 1985 he joins héroes del silencio as their bass player .
11	during that period he began to be seriously interested in the bass .
30	the original lineup consisted of andrew schar ( lead vocals , guitar ) , valentine hellman ( tenor sax , clarinet ) , todd '' the rodd '' gruener ( bass ) , and a fourth member , zak shultz ( drums ) .
17	he studied opera at the prague conservatory under konstantin karenin , a student of the brilliant russian bass feodor chaliapin .
9	the amplifier also came as a pa and a bass version .
39	band members ; fixed members sören karlsson - vocals anders lindström - keyboards , organ , guitar ; other contributors papa dee - toasting nicke andersson - lead guitar , vocals brian robertson - lead guitar stefan björk - bass robert eriksson - drums magnus carlson - backing vocals ola nyström - slide guitar magic - horns henrik widén moog anders härnestam - drums micke borg - guitar discography global panic !
44	track listing ; original issue , warwick w 2041 ; volume 2 , warwick w 2041-2 ; a recent cd issue , 2010 , fresh sound records personnel pepper adams - baritone saxophone donald byrd - trumpet herbie hancock - piano laymon jackson - bass jimmy cobb - drums reissues the recording sessions were reissued under various titles and leading artists , some even with changed track titles ( false composer credits , missing names of bassist and drummer and the recording date ) .
81	roles croesus , king of lydia ( tenor ) atis ( atys ) , his son ( sopranist ) halimacus , atis 's confidant ( countertenor ) orsanes , a member of croesus 's court ( baritone ) eliates , a member of croesus 's court ( tenor ) clerida , a member of croesus 's court ( soprano ) elmira , daughter of the exiled queen of the medes ( soprano ) cyrus the great , king of persia ( bass ) solon , a philosopher ( baritone ) elcius , a servant in croesus 's court ( tenor ) trigesta , elmira 's attendant ( soprano ) a persian captain ( baritone ) synopsis the story is loosely based on two incidents from herodotus .
18	samuel edward ramey ( born march 28 , 1942 in colby , kansas ) is an american opera bass with a long , distinguished career .
14	in the summer of 1975 he was hired as bandleader , opening act and bass player in bob dylan 's band .
3	ray brown -- bass ( except track 4 -- powell solo ) max roach -- drums ( except track 4 -- powell solo ) february 1950 , disc 1 , tracks 7-13 .
25	he was an indie rock icon and longtime fixture in the boston / cambridge music scene , best known as the lead singer and slide bass player of the band morphine .
15	the singers consist of four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) plus a four-part choir only in the chorale .
29	track listing all lyrics written by ronnie james dio , music as stated personnel ; dio ronnie james dio -- lead vocals vivian campbell -- guitars jimmy bain -- bass claude schnell -- keyboards vinny appice -- drums ; additional musicians craig goldy -- guitars on '' time to burn '' ; production recorded at rumbo studios , los angeles , california , usa produced by ronnie james dio engineered by angelo arcuri assistant engineered by gary mcgachan laser effects : lasermedia inc. , los angeles , ca laser operator : michael moorhead originally mastered by greg fulginiti at artisan sound recorders , hollywood , usa remaster by andy pearce ( 2012 universal deluxe edition ) mixed on westlake audio bbsm6 monitors illustration by robert florczak charts ; album ; singles certifications the riaa certified sacred heart gold ( 500,000 units sold ) on october 15 , 1985 .
14	the musicians on this album are corea ( piano ) , miroslav vitouš ( bass ) , and roy haynes ( drums ) .
18	musicians peter gabriel -- vocals , cmi , piano , synthesizer manu katché -- drums tony levin -- bass david rhodes -- guitar daniel lanois -- guitar , tambourine wayne jackson -- trumpet mark rivera -- tenor saxophone don mikkelsen -- trombone p. p. arnold -- backing vocals coral gordon -- backing vocals dee lewis -- backing vocals chart performance weekly charts year-end charts covers and appearances in 1986 , '' weird al '' yankovic covered this song as the first song from his polka medley '' ! '' from the 1986 album of the same name .
18	on 6 march 2010 , the group entered the voice festival uk for the second time , where bass iain glen won the ` outstanding arrangement ' for his arrangement of sara bareilles ' '' gravity '' .
12	she then recruited luky annash ( piano ) , susan agiwitanto ( bass ) , okky rahman oktavian ( drums ) , and panji gustiano ( guitar ) to be her back-up band .
7	the band members are max hart on bass , alex hunt on drums , nick mitchell and andreas yiasoumi on guitar and richard carter on lead vocals .
11	6 ( 1722 ) 8 chamber sonatas for solo violin and bass , and 4 '' concerts in six '' op .
36	track listing side one side two personnel the doobie brothers : tom johnston -- guitar , vocals patrick simmons -- guitars , vocals jeff '' skunk '' baxter -- guitar , steel guitar tiran porter -- bass , vocals john hartman -- drums keith knudsen -- drums , vocals baxter does not appear in the front cover photo , having apparently not joined the group until after it was taken .
5	a hanon for guitar and bass have also been written .
32	roles don quichotte , haute-contre jean-antoine bérard sancho pança , taille ( baritenor ) louis-antoine cuvilliers altisidore , soprano marie fel peasant girl , soprano mlle bourbonnois woman , soprano duke , bass merlin , basse-taille ( bass-baritone ) person montésinos , basse-taille albert japanese man , basse-taille person japanese woman , soprano marie fel enchanted lovers , sopranos mlles clairon and gondré ballerinas , marie anne de cupis de camargo and mimi dallemand male dancers , david dumoulin , louis dupré and jean-barthélemy lany synopsis the opera is based upon an episode in the cervantes novel don quixote , in which a duke and duchess amuse themselves by creating an elaborate ruse to fool the title character .
5	ara berberian , 74 , bass with the new york city metropolitan opera .
18	some boys ' choirs of churches or cathedrals are further supported by older male voices singing tenor and bass ; these singers are sometimes former choirboys .
9	at the time , sunny was married to the bass player for michael bolton who was touring with them .
16	tony mitchell ( born 5 september 1951 in sydney , australia ) is a songwriter and bass guitarist who rose to fame in the 1970s with the australian rock band , sherbet .
28	track listing ( us 12 '' single ( 20749-0 ) ) personnel jerry marotta -- drums chris hughes -- linn programming stewart copeland -- hi-hat tony levin -- bass david rhodes -- guitar , backing vocals daniel lanois -- guitar peter gabriel -- vocals , piano , cmi , prophet other versions for the live version on the secret world album , the drums are handled by manu katché .
28	track listing disc one disc two bonus disc credits grateful dead jerry garcia -- guitar , vocals mickey hart -- drums bill kreutzmann -- drums phil lesh -- bass brent mydland -- keyboards , vocals bob weir -- guitar , vocals production produced by grateful dead compilation produced by david lemieux and blair jackson recorded by dan healy edited and mastered by jeffrey norman at garage audio mastering cover art by scott mcdougall photos by jay blakesburg , herb greene , larry hulst , and bob minkin package design by steve vance liner notes written by blair jackson sound quality a label on the cd case for road trips volume 1 number 1 states , '' the compact discs herein have been digitally remastered directly from original soundboard cassettes .
18	in addition to these other groups , the lancaster men 's choir consists of the combined tenor and bass sections of both mixed choir and concert choir .
16	gaute storaas ( born 1959 in bergen , norway ) is a norwegian jazz musician ( bass ) and composer , and the older brother of jazz pianist vigleik storaas .
7	the songs are scored for alto and bass only , and they sing mostly in unison .
16	the writing credit for ward refers to motello , real name alan ward , not ex-damned bass player algy ward .
8	jon asencio ( aka john bondhead ) played bass and brock pytel was the band 's drummer .
39	track listing personnel maddy prior - vocals june tabor - vocals martin carthy - guitar nic jones - fiddle tony hall - melodeon andy irvine - mandolin johnny moynihan - bouzouki gabriel mckeon - uillean pipes danny thompson - bass john gillaspie brian golbey critical reviews this album has been widely regarded as the best english acoustic traditional folk album of the 1970s .
48	additional albums which were also recorded on the cbs label have included rodney franklin ( released in 1980 ) , endless flight ( 1981 ) , learning to love ( 1982 ) , marathon ( 1984 ) ( probably his most famous in the uk , produced by bass player stanley clarke ) , ` skydance ' ( 1985 ) and ` it takes two ' ( 1986 ) .
19	simon jones ( born simon robin david jones 29 may 1972 , liverpool , england ) is an english bass player .
43	the one o’clock is the highest of nine peer lab bands at the college , each named for its hour of rehearsal and each a standard 19-piece big band instrumentation five saxophones , five trombones , five trumpets , piano , guitar , bass , and drums .
12	sebastian steinberg ( born february 20 , 1959 ) is an american bass player , best known for his work in the band soul coughing .
26	members are : miss kel ( vocals ) and ( keyboards ) , adam beck ( vocals ) and ( guitar ) , dawn hillis ( bass ) and kevin brown ( drums ) .
28	track listing performers rick froberg ( credited as nasdaq/reek fart ) - guitar , lead vocals john reis ( credited as spic odor/john re ) - guitar , bass , backing vocals jason kourkounis ( credited as judas deceased/jsinclair ) - drums kim thompson - backing vocals on '' salton city '' album information record label : swami records recorded june 1999 at big fish recorders in san diego by john reis and ben moore .
43	in 1989 , what became the final jazz messengers lineup was established : brian lynch on trumpet , javon jackson and dale barlow on tenors , steve davis and/or frank lacy on trombone , geoff keezer on piano and essiet okon essiet on bass .
19	line-up olav iversen , vocals / guitar mark remmington , guitar tor bjarne bjelland , drum steve ryan , bass discography albums juice - released 26 may 2003 many promo versions of the album were released , including song not to be featured on the main album itself , such as a cover version of the tom robinson band 's hit , '' 2-4-6-8 motorway '' .
47	the first line-up of the band , besides danny joe brown , consisted of bobby ingram ( guitar / slide guitar / vocals ) , steve wheeler ( guitar/slide guitar/vocals ) , kenny mcvay ( guitar ) , john galvin ( keyboards/vocals ) , buzzy meekin ( bass / vocals ) and jimmy glenn ( drums ) .
28	the band is a trio consisting of thomas erak ( guitars , vocals , keyboards ) , andrew forsman ( drums , percussion ) and tim ward ( bass , screamed vocals ) who was later replaced by frank ene following his departure from the band in late 2007 .
26	pre lowlife dead neighbours was an early-1980s psychobilly band from grangemouth , scotland , originally consisting of craig lorentson ( vocals ) , david steel ( bass ) , ronnie buchanan ( guitar ) , and grant mcdowall ( drums ) .
57	the beacon theatre concert at the time of the beacon theatre concert , kingfish had its '' classic '' mid-70s lineup -- bob weir of the grateful dead on guitar and vocals , matthew kelly on guitar , harmonica , and vocals , dave torbert , formerly of the new riders of the purple sage , on bass and vocals , robbie hoddinott on lead guitar , and chris herold on drums .
22	members jake ( phoenix ) robertson - lead vocals , backing guitar martino - lead guitar alex ( al ) cole - bass jamie ( the drummer ) o'gorman - drums as tenner they released the single '' where do you come from '' in june 2000 on fierce panda records , and the ep single '' last chance '' in november 2000 on food records , under the moniker tenner .
26	the band was formed as a three-piece with jim mcculloch ( formerly of the soup dragons and bmx bandits ) on guitar , dave mcgowan on bass and anna sheard on vocals .
5	john bennett was a professional bass , who sang as a lay clerk in the choirs of king's , st john 's and trinity colleges .
13	background born in mobile , alabama , arthur played guitar , keyboards , bass , and drums in numerous southern u.s. touring rock bands .
14	track listing personnel ; chevelle pete loeffler - guitar , vocals joe loeffler - bass sam loeffler - drums andy wallace -- mixing ben goldman -- a & r chevelle -- producer christian lantry -- photography dave holdredge -- digital editing , drum programming , engineer eddy schreyer -- mastering farra mathews -- a & r jef moll -- assistant joseph chevelle -- group member josh wilbur -- digital editing katharina fritsch -- cover sculpture kevin dean -- assistant michael '' elvis '' baskette -- engineer , producer sean evans -- art direction steve sisco -- assistant trivia some printings had an error in the wording of the album 's title on the security strip atop the cd case .
17	he was also the brother-in-law of one of his famous colleagues at covent garden , the bulgarian-born bass , boris christoff .
7	track listing personnel kirilola -- vocals , bass , casiotone , korg synthesizer .
11	some of his orchestral innovations included the addition of the five-string bass and the pedal timpani ; the pedal timpani have since become standard instruments in the symphony orchestra .
20	the choir typically uses '' satb '' voices ( soprano or treble , alto or counter-tenor , tenor , and bass ) , though in many works some or all of these voices are divided into two for part or all of the piece ; in this case the two halves of the choir ( one on each side of the aisle ) are traditionally named decani ( or 1 , for the higher voice ) and cantoris ( or 2 , for the lower voice ) .
3	tony levin -- bass on tracks 3 and 5 .
57	personnel james brown -- lead vocal with the james brown orchestra : waymond reed -- trumpet richard '' kush '' griffith -- trumpet fred wesley -- trombone alfred '' pee wee '' ellis -- alto saxophone maceo parker -- tenor saxophone st. clair pinckney -- baritone saxophone jimmy nolen -- electric guitar & guitar charles sherrell -- bass clyde stubblefield -- drums unknown children 's chorus ryan hayman-ball prep academy other versions and uses numerous hip hop musicians and groups have sampled '' say it loud -- i 'm black and i 'm proud '' , including eric b. and rakim , big daddy kane , ll cool j and 2 live crew in the states and akil ammar for the mexican underground scene .
12	jaco pastorius , 1987 this page is a discography of album featuring bass jaco pastorius .
24	musicians david bowie -- vocals , guitar , piano carlos alomar -- guitar mike garson -- piano david sanborn -- sax willie weeks -- bass andy newmark -- drums cover versions fat larry 's band -- feel it and the best of fat larry 's band ( 1994 ) old nick peterson - king of the world in popular culture the song is played on the fictional radio station liberty rock radio , hosted by bowie 's former collaborator iggy pop , on the 2008 video game grand theft auto iv .
19	the large-scale work , a missa solemnis , is scored for two soprano soloists , a tenor and a bass , double chorus and large orchestra .
2	webb played bass for talk talk until 1988 .
13	the original line-up included eddie busnello ( saxophone ) , patrick djivas ( bass ) , leandro gaetano ( piano ) and johnny lambizzi ( lead guitar ) .
20	a band was put together to tour the album , composed of jocelyn blanchette on drums and sebastien simard on bass .
13	current line-up ( 2006 ) büne huber ( vocals ) monic mathys ( bass ) andi hug ( drums ) christian brantschen ( keyboard , accordion ) menk grossniklaus ( saxophone ) disu gmünder ( guitar ) pascal steiner ( keys and wind instruments ) daniel woodtli ( trumpet ) history patent ochsner was formed in bern in 1990 by singer büne huber and four other musicians .
15	the band consists of anis shimada on lead vocal and guitar and ali morizumi on bass and guitar .
30	the choir today the choir comprises 18 boy choristers ( 3 of whom are probationers or training choristers ) and 12 professional lay clerk , singing countertenor , tenor and bass .
51	track listing bonus tracks on 12 '' single : - production credits producer : jon kelly ( '' eloise '' only ) the damned ( '' temptation '' and '' beat girl '' ) musician : dave vanian : vocals roman jugg : guitar rat scabies : drum bryn merrick : bass other versions karel gott covered '' eloise '' in the czech language in 1969 .
22	track listing personnel james hetfield - lead vocals lars ulrich - drums dave mustaine - guitar , backing vocals ron mcgovney - bass ron mcgovney 's '82 garage demo this demo tape was also recorded in mcgovney 's garage during march 1982 .
8	beginning pianissimo , the voices build chords from bass to soprano .
17	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for two vocal soloists ( soprano and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboe , two violin , viola , organ obbligato and basso continuo .
21	mixing was handled by the former , while spremberg provided all instruments , including the guitar , keyboards , and a bass .
19	band members the trio forms a full band with the following recording arrangement : abelardo vázquez -- guitar , bass , piano , harmonica , accordion , ukulele , keyboard , vocals , percussion gustavo vázquez -- drums , percussion , guitar , banjo , harmonica angela vázquez -- lead vocals , piano , harmonica , guitar occasional members are featured in live shows .
15	2 cd maxi single credits and personnel vocals : nina persson guitar : peter svensson bass : magnus sveningsson guitar : lars-olof johansson drums : bengt lagerberg recorded at country hell , skurup , sweden producer : tore johansson , peter collins engineer : tore johansson , peter collins , john holbrook , janne waldenmark assistant engineer : lars göransson , jim caruana recording engineer : tore johansson audio mixing : tore johansson mixing assistant : jim caruana mastering by : roger jonsson charts appearances the music appeared in the intro video of the '' arcade '' game of gran turismo 2 ( playstation , except japanese version ) , in the unreleased beta of , and in the european version of band hero .
20	performances lambert is best known for his very fast playing style utilising a three-fingered picking technique with a six string bass .
3	brown also played bass on '' oil and gasoline '' .
32	the song features a slow detuned opening guitar solo , titled '' intro to shame '' , that suddenly speeds up at the 0 : 55 mark until the drums and the bass come in at 1 : 01 into the song .
21	personnel ; eleventyseven matt langston - lead vocals , guitar , keyboard , synthesizer , programming , producer davey davenport - bass , backing vocals johnathan stephens - drums , backing vocals kyle lee - mixing troy glessener - mastering courtney thompson - album cover photograph joseph hader - art design music videos notes there is a huge alteration in the lyrics to '' wasted '' .
26	the band he fronted and used during these recordings between 1966 and 1968 included fred anderson , tenor , billy brimfield trumpet , charles clark ( bass ) , christopher gaddy ( piano ) and thurman barker ( drum ) .
18	he taught himself the guitar ( his favorite instrument ) , as well as piano / keyboard , bass and drums ( the only instrument he was ever trained in ) .
19	vier ernste gesänge ( four serious songs ) , op. 121 , is a cycle of four song for bass and piano by johannes brahms .
20	'' track listing ; 12 '' single ( 12 r 6039 ) personnel paul mccartney - vocals , guitar , bass , keyboards , drums reception music website allmusic .
1	the bass player is taka hirose and the drummer is mark richardson .
15	the song is not written in standard verse-chorus form and its instrumentation includes guitar , bass and organ .
19	mad planet is an indie electro rock band hailing from silverlake , california , consisting of cooper gillespie ( bass / vocals ) , greg gordon ( drums , sequences ) and tony crouse ( guitar , keys ) .
8	members current members - vocal igor buligin - bass evgenyi '' johnson '' ryahovski - guitar sergey kivin - drums alexander zarankin - keyboards former members sergey egorov ( 2000-2004 ) - drums boris golodec ( 2000-2004 ) - keyboards stanislav gavrilov ( 2004-2005 ) - keyboards andey kazachenko ( 2005-2007 ) - keyboards yan lemskiy ( 2004-2008 ) - drums gennadiy mikrukov ( 2006-2012 ) - director history the band was formed in autumn 2000 .
5	sharing lead vocals and playing bass and guitar , the london 's were backed by various musician during the band 's lifetime , usually keyboards , drums , and two horns .
19	band members bill kaulitz -- lead vocals tom kaulitz -- guitar , keyboards , backing vocals georg listing -- bass , piano , keyboards , backing vocals gustav schäfer -- drums , percussion , backing vocals discography ; studio albums schrei ( 2005 ) zimmer 483 ( 2007 ) scream ( 2007 ) humanoid ( 2009 ) kings of suburbia ( 2014 ) awards since the release of the '' durch den monsun '' single in 2005 , tokio hotel have gone on to win 110 awards in various categories and countries .
22	joe schermie ( february 12 , 1946 - march 25 , 2002 ) was an american musician , best known as the bass player for the 1970s american rock-pop group three dog night .
20	steve losey of allmusic commented that the song '' is rock with polish '' and that '' nathan cochran 's bass groove not only sounds heavy but its very tone exudes sweat '' .
21	dillon '' curley '' russell ( 19 march 1917 3 july 1986 ) was an american jazz double-bassist , who played bass on many bebop recordings .
17	personnel ; communic oddleif stensland -- lead vocals , lead guitar , rhythm guitar erik mortensen -- bass tor atle andersen -- drums ; additional musicians peter jensen -- keyboards ; production recorded , mixed , and mastered by jacob hansen at hansen studios , denmark .
20	track listing personnel barry gibb - lead vocals , guitar robin gibb - harmony vocals , organ maurice gibb - bass , guitar , piano , organ , harpsichord , mellotron vince melouney - guitar colin petersen - drums bill shepherd - orchestral arrangement chart performance michael bolton version michael bublé version cover versions one of the most famous gibb compositions , '' to love somebody '' is now considered a pop standard and has been covered by many artists , most notably : clay aiken p.p . arnold the black crowes blue rodeo michael bublé on his 2013 album to be loved kim carnes on the album rest on me james carr the chambers brothers leonard cohen billy corgan feat .
14	track listing personnel cecil taylor : piano jimmy lyons : alto saxophone sirone : bass andrew cyrille : drums recording background & details this concert at the town hall was billed as cecil taylor 's '' return '' to new york city after a period teaching in the midwest united states .
22	track listing credits andrè kvebek -- vocal , guitar john espen sagstad -- guitar mads guldbekkhei -- drums tor risdal stavenes -- bass live julianne kostøl -- cello guest appearances on coming to an end by solefald vocalist lazare nedland and nachtgarm from negator on chaos incarnate .
12	recordings while in puerto rico , in 1969 , tito rodríguez 's bass player failed to arrive at a concert .
15	the band decided to continue making music after thirsk 's death , and brought in bass guitarist randy bradbury from one hit wonder .
3	gili rosenberg : bass .
27	after jones 's death , they adopted the name atomic rooster ( with influence from the us band rhinoceros ) , and soon recruited nick graham on bass and vocals .
40	formed in 1993 at new york university featuring chris leo ( formerly of native nod and brother of ted leo ) on vocals and guitar , brian maryansky on guitar , toko yasuda ( formerly of blonde redhead ) on bass , and neil o'brien on drums .
13	at first , dave allen , founder of the record label , played bass and jeff ward was on drums .
25	music career lee receiving the '' spirit of metal '' award for his album at the 2010 metal hammer golden gods ceremony with his operatic bass voice , lee sings on the the wicker man soundtrack , performing paul giovanni 's psych folk composition , '' the tinker of rye '' .
12	around 1992 , the '' classic lineup '' consisted of derby ( bass and lead vocals ) ; masunaga ( guitar ) ; kevin march ( drum ) ; and joan wasser ( violin ) .
34	edwards came from a family of accomplished musicians , so that by age five he began playing a variety of string instruments including the steel guitar , banjo , mandolin , violin , and bass .
6	during that time he also played bass in the detroit cobras .
18	track listing personnel katra solopuro -- vocals teemu mätäsjärvi -- guitar kristian kangasniemi -- guitar johannes tolonen -- bass matti auerkallio -- drums reception metal temple rated it 5/10 stars ( '' mediocre '' ) , and wrote , '' beast within is a nicely produced work by a new band consisted of great musicians but -- for me -- the problem is that this album does n't offer something new , music wise .
25	he is the creator and leader of shoegazing band/project alcest and the main man behind amesoeurs ; he sings lead vocals and plays guitar , bass and keyboards on both bands and is also a drummer .
32	the members were carl peachman ( drum ) , alan merrill ( lead guitar , vocals ) , jake hooker ( second guitar ) , and james '' bucky '' hall ( bass , vocals ) .
43	personnel elvis presley -- vocals , guitar the jordanaires , millie kirkham - backing vocals boots randolph - saxophone scotty moore , hank garland , harold bradley , grady martin , jerry kennedy -- electric guitar floyd cramer - piano bob moore - bass d. j. fontana , buddy harman - drums track listing awards elvis presley won a 1966 golden laurel award for best male performance in a musical film .
58	the original personnel were john meeks ( born 24 march 1937 , stalybridge , cheshire ) ( guitar , vocals ) ; john 's sister lynda jane meeks ( 3 august 1947 , stalybridge -- 22 january 2013 ) ( vocals ) ; brothers george radcliffe ( 9 august 1937 , ashton-under-lyne , lancashire -- 2002 ) ( bass , vocals ) and colin radcliffe ( born 19 january 1934 , ashton-under-lyne ) ( guitar , vocals ) ; and eddie crotty ( 24 february 1942 , stalybridge -- 11 april 2009 ) ( guitar , vocals ) .
10	he was also a rock musician , playing guitar and bass with many bands , including smith .
53	current members ; standard lineup : håkon kornstad ( saxophone , flutes , flutonet , melodica , electronics , vocals , programming ) rune «sternklang» brøndbo ( electronics , guitar , keyboards , programming ) wetle holte ( drums , programming ) ; on stage : tor egil kreken is added playing electric bass , guitars and banjo .
20	autour de lucie was a french pop rock band , consisting of vocalist valérie leulliot , guitar olivier durand and bass fabrice dumont .
0	bass player justin sayers sings the lead vocal on the tracks '' wake up '' and '' let it go '' .
21	about soce , the elemental wizard in addition to rapping onstage , soce plays the violin , piano , guitar and bass .
24	the band consists of troupe gammage ( keyboard and lead vocals ) , nick hurt ( guitar and vocals ) , joey delahoussaye ( bass and vocals ) , and jake stewart ( drums ) .
0	bass singer '' big chief '' wetherington died of a massive heart attack on october 3 , 1973 , while attending the national quartet convention in nashville .
32	mark salomon ( of stavesacre ) was the singer , jason martin ( of starflyer 59 ) played guitar , and steven dail ( of project 86 and crash rickshaw ) played bass .
31	'' the lord chancellor ( comic baritone ) george , earl of mountararat ( baritone ) thomas , earl tolloller ( tenor ) private willis , of the grenadier guards ( bass ) strephon , an arcadian shepherd ( baritone ) queen of the fairies ( contralto ) iolanthe , a fairy , strephon 's mother ( mezzo-soprano ) celia , a fairy ( soprano ) leila , a fairy ( mezzo-soprano ) fleta , a fairy ( speaking role/chorus ) phyllis , an arcadian shepherdess and ward in chancery ( soprano ) chorus of dukes , marquises , earls , viscounts , barons and fairies synopsis act i twenty-five years before the beginning of the opera , the fairy iolanthe committed the capital crime ( under fairy law ) of marrying a mortal human .
18	personnel ; billy talent ben kowalewicz - lead vocals ian d'sa - guitar , vocals jon gallant - bass , backing vocals aaron solowoniuk - drums ; artwork liz barrett - art producer kim kinakin & henry fong - artwork kim kinakin - package design henry fong - cover illustration ian d'sa - art direction dustin rabin - photography ; additional musicians gavin brown - tambourine ; production gavin brown - producer ian d'sa - producer eric ratz - engineer steve blair & mary gormley - a & r chris lord-alge - mixing kenny luong - digital editing chart positions year-end certifications the worldwide sales estimation is 1,200,000 units .
13	line-up jørn lande - vocals roland grapow - guitar jan s. eckert - bass , backing vocals mike terrana - drums axel mackenrott - keyboards credits produced by roland grapow recorded by roland grapow at grapow studios ( svk ) mixed & mastered by mikko karmila , roland grapow & mika jussila at finnvox studio , helsinki ( fin ) bandphotos by sight of sound artwork & design by hiko original crown designed by jose mesa '' mataparda '' .
27	'' personnel axl rose -- lead vocals , backing vocals , production slash -- lead guitar , acoustic guitar , slide guitar , production duff mckagan -- bass , backing vocals , production matt sorum -- drums , production alice cooper -- lead vocals shannon hoon -- backing vocals west arkeen -- acoustic guitar '' garden of eden '' according to slash , the song , which appears as track 12 , was written while the band was rehearsing for an extended period of time in chicago .
18	scoring and structure it is based on the italian solo cantata tradition and is in three movements for bass and keyboard ( and possibly cello or viola da gamba ) .
25	track listing personnel ; fair to midland is ( but not limited to ) darroh sudderth -- vocals clifford campbell -- guitar nathin seals -- bass brett stowers -- percussion matthew langley -- piano , etc. ; additional musicians additional vocals on ` granny niblo ' by steven price and dillan tomberlin .
34	lemmy was brought on board to play the kill master after schafer and his team had developed the character 's role in the story who assists eddie by healing his allies through a giant bass harp on the back of a chopper .
3	jay thomson - bass ( 2007 -- present ) 5 .
24	later that year the band became a six-pirece after recruiting ryan binns on synthesizer 's , james cassells on drums , joe lancaster on bass and cameron liddell on rhythm guitar .
25	after the addition of lee loughnane ( trumpet ) , james pankow ( trombone ) , robert lamm ( keyboards ) and peter cetera ( bass ) , the band performed under a number of different names , first the missing links , then the big thing ( sometimes called the big sound ) , before settling on chicago transit authority , which was soon shortened to chicago because of threatened legal action by the actual chicago transit authority .
14	there are parts for four other soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) and for a chorus of priests and priestesses .
6	jason '' moose '' harris - bass .
10	personnel barry gibb - vocals , guitar maurice gibb - bass blue weaver - keyboards , synthesiser , piano dennis bryon - drums karl richardson - sound engineer nick blacona - engineer conway twitty version '' rest your love on me '' was recorded by conway twitty in 1980 for his album of the same name .
27	this new group comprised money on keyboards and vocals , andy somers ( who later changed his surname to summers ) on guitar , pat donaldson on bass , and colin allen on drums .
32	roles don errico medigua , recently appointed viceroy of peru ( baritone ) senor amabile pozzo , chamberlain of peru ( tenor ) don luiz cazarro , former viceroy of peru ( bass ) count hernando verrada , a peruvian gentleman ( tenor ) scaramba , an insurgent ( baritone ) montalba , scaramba 's companion nevado , scaramba 's companion general herbana , commander of the spanish army in peru estrelda , cazarro 's daughter ( soprano ) isabel , don medigua 's daughter ( soprano ) princess marghanza , don medigua 's wife ( mezzo-soprano ) chorus of spanish and peruvian ladies and gentlemen ; soldiers , etc. synopsis don enrico medigua is the viceroy of spanish-occupied 16th-century peru and fears assassination by rebels .
18	musical style yuko hara on keyboards during the southern all-stars ' 30th anniversary concert kuwata plays guitar , bass , drums and keyboards .
40	track listing personnel per liner notes bo diddley -- vocals , guitar jerome green -- co-lead vocals on '' say man , back again '' , maraca , background vocals peggy jones -- guitar , background vocals willie dixon -- bass clifton james -- drum frank kirkland -- drums jody williams -- guitar lafayette leake -- piano lester davenport -- harmonica on '' spanish guitar '' charts '' say man , back again '' reached # 23 on the b singles chart .
16	track listing uk 7 '' uk 12 '' personnel robert smith - vocals , guitar , bass , violin andy anderson - percussion lol tolhurst - keyboards phil thornalley and porl thompson appear in the music video , but do not contribute to the song .
4	patrick plays guitar , bass , keyboards in the studio , and occasionally plays drums live .
32	the band consists of roger blevins , jr. guitar / lead vocals , chip vayenas drums / vocals , dane farnsworth organ / keyboards , mikel urdy percussion , roger blevins sr. bass , steve butts trumpet / flügelhorn , dan bechdolt tenor saxophone , zol waterhouse ( trombone ) they have , with a few personnel changes over the years , released six albums and one concert video : succotash 1997 , from the private bag 2000 , ep2 2004 , yesterday 2005 and '' on time '' 2014 a concert dvd ; live at the granada 2006 , ep3 2008 and in the meantime 2010 .
58	set list ; january 1 , 2001 house of blues , las vegas , nevada main set : encores : ; january 14 , 2001 rock in rio , rio de janeiro , brazil main set : encores : personnel w. axl rose lead vocals , piano , whistle , whistling dizzy reed keyboard , piano tommy stinson bass , backing vocals chris pitman keyboards , samples , backing vocals paul tobias rhythm guitar , slide guitar , backing vocals bryan '' brain '' mantia drums , percussion robin finck lead guitar , backing vocals buckethead lead guitar , acoustic guitar tour dates 2002/2003 world tour chinese democracy tour 2002 was a tour by guns n ' roses which was the band 's first major tour since 1993 .
13	original guano apes members henning rümenapp ( guitar ) , stefan ude ( bass ) and dennis poschwatta ( drums ) reunited after having spent time on individual projects - of which poschwatta 's band tamoto was the only real band , as well as the most successful .
18	song information and release the song 's original version with only arie singing featured acoustic guitar and prominent bass over a midtempo drum track .
68	members marina '' la canillas '' abad - vocals dani carbonell - vocals , various instruments ( primarily on vengue ( 2001 ) and barí ( 2002 ) ) ramón giménez - flamenco guitar xavi turull - cajón , tabla , congas , percussion dj panko - scratching sergio ramos - drums , cajón maxwell wright - percussion , vocals paco lomeña - flamenco guitar javi martin - bass carlitos sarduy - congas , trumpet , keyboard their cds have also featured guest appearances by a large number of other musicians , including nitin sawhney and prithpal rajput from asian dub foundation as well as many spanish artists .
17	the signature sound of krautrock mixed rock music and '' rock band '' instrumentation ( guitar , bass , drum ) with electronic instrumentation and textures , often with what would now be described as an ambient music sensibility .
38	the band formally split in 1985 , and since then two separate groups named racey exist , one featuring band member richard gower and the other featuring clive wilson , phil fursdon and pete miller , the original bass player .
11	the trio consisted of lee and rob kohler on keyboards and bass respectively , and was led by robi johns on guitar .
6	other members include isla eckinger ( bass ) , peter schmidlin ( drums ) and tutilo odermatt ( piano ) .
24	track listing personnel ; evans blue kevin matisyn - lead vocals parker lauzon - rhythm guitar vlad tanaskovic - lead guitar joe pitter - bass darryl brown - drums ; additional musicians stuart cameron - acoustic guitar on beg .
24	nils mathisen ( born 24 january 1959 in sandefjord , norway ) is a norwegian jazz musician ( keyboards , violin , guitar and bass ) and composer , known from significant efforts within cabaret and musicals .
15	track listing personnel keith morris - lead vocals greg hetson - guitar zander schloss - bass , guitar , sitar keith clark - drums , backing vocals dix denney - guitar suzi gardner - backing vocals debbie gibson - backing vocals ( on '' i wanna destroy you '' ) niko bolas - producer , engineer , mixing john paterno - engineer brian soucy - assistant engineer paul q. kolderie - remixing sean slade - remixing mary hogan - production coordination darrin ehardt - art direction , design miscellanea track 5 , '' i wanna destroy you , '' a cover of a song by the soft boys , features backing vocals from pop singer/songwriter deborah gibson , who had just wrapped up a solo album with the same producer the circle jerks were using , at the time they were recording the album .
34	lennon has explained the song as follows : personnel the musicians who performed on the original recording were as follows : john lennon -- vocals , guitar ringo starr -- drums klaus voormann -- bass this song was sampled extensively on the track '' hold on john '' by hip-hop group johnson&jonson , from their self-titled album .
18	the opera includes a dugazon trouser role for the valet , mazet , and maitre jean has a bass aria ( '' le grand art de la cuisine '' ) on the past glories of the kitchen that still turns up in recital occasionally .
17	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for four soloists -- soprano , alto , tenor and bass -- a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , three oboe , two violin , viola , violoncello piccolo da spalla and basso continuo .
53	characters and original cast heathens : olybius , the roman prefect ( tenor ) -- edward lloyd callias , the priest of apollo ( baritone ) -- frederic king julia ( contralto ) -- janet monach patey maidens and youths , worshippers of the sun christians : fabius , bishop of antioch ( bass ) -- margarita , daughter of callias ( soprano ) -- emma albani the christian congregation .
3	simon harrison - bass .
17	personnel ; current members jenny hoyston - vocals , guitar , trumpet , keyboards ellie erickson - bass bianca sparta - drums sara jaffe - guitar ( 1999 -- 2004 , sporadic live appearances since ) archie mackay - vocals ( july , august 2004 only ) discography albums other animals cd/lp ( 2001 ) troubleman at crystal palace cd/lp ( 2003 ) nightlife cd/lp ( 2006 ) singles '' erase errata '' ( 2000 ) inconvenient press '' the structure of scientific misconceptions '' ( 2001 ) toyo 7 '' split single with black dice ( 2001 ) troubleman 7 '' compilation feat .
9	he played baritone saxophone , alto saxophone and fender bass and was best known for his 40-year association with sun ra .
50	may flights of angels sing thee to thy rest '' ) ( ) is a musical composition by british composer john tavener with lyrics by mother thekla , an orthodox nun , which is intended to be sung a cappella by a four-part ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) choir .
54	it represents the first studio album and the second recording -- it was preceded by the in excelsis ep on july 2010 -- in 28 years from the band 's original line-up of jaz coleman ( vocals ) , kevin '' geordie '' walker ( guitar ) , martin '' youth '' glover ( bass ) , and paul ferguson ( drums ) .
12	libbi met and married tracy stuffle who would become the group 's bass singer .
23	track listing credits music patrick savelkoul − vocals ronny tyssen − guitar remy dieteren − guitar gavin harte − drums rene rokx − bass gail liebling − background vocals kaleen − female voices production mixed by andy classen , patrick savelkoul , ronny tyssen and gavin harte .
26	personnel axl rose - lead vocals , keyboards , sound effects slash - lead guitar , backing vocals izzy stradlin - rhythm guitar duff mckagan - bass , backing vocals dizzy reed - backing vocals matt sorum - drums johann langlie -- programming '' do n't damn me '' '' do n't damn me '' is the 13th track on the album , and is the only song from the album that 's never been played live .
10	it features chorus with soprano , contralto , tenor and bass solos .
74	instrumentation and the music in its standard chamber version tehillim is scored for four women 's voices ( one high soprano , two lyric soprano and one alto ) , piccolo , flute , oboe , english horn , two clarinet , six percussion ( playing small tuned tambourine without jingles , clapping , maraca , marimba , vibraphone and crotales ) , two electric organ , two violin , viola , cello and bass .
10	he later joined acid rock band h.p . lovecraft on bass in the summer of 1967 , appearing on their debut album , h. p. lovecraft .
5	he went on to sing bass and baritone roles with leipzig opera from 1839 to 1846 .
30	band members david james foster - vocals & guitar ( 2009 -- present ) adam beddow - guitar & backing vocals ( 2009 -- present ) jamie c. weate - bass & backing vocals ( 2009 -- present ) daniel taylor - drums ( 2009 -- present ) formation and ` declaration of independence ep ' no americana formed in early 2009 .
18	this band consists of pochoy labog on vocal , rai lacanilao/bryan makasiar on drum , kelley mangahas on bass , and boogie romero on guitar .
26	band members current members øyvind hægeland − vocals , backing vocals , keyboards steinar gundersen − lead , rhythm and acoustic guitar lars k. norberg − bass , programming asgeir mickelson − drums former members andreas jonsson − rhythm guitar kaj gornitzka − rhythm guitar , backing vocals leif knashaug − vocals discography spiral architect ( demo ) ( 1995 ) a sceptic 's universe ( 2000 ) band name in a 2005 post on the band 's ultimate metal forum by co-founding member lars k. norberg , the band name is unrelated to the black sabbath song of the same title from their 1973 album sabbath bloody sabbath .
50	the original line-up consisted of james hearn ( born 19 june 1976 ) ( vocals ) , michael harwood ( born 12 december 1975 ) ( guitar ) , jon o'mahony ( born 10 august 1973 ) ( drum ) and nick keynes ( born 3 may 1972 ) ( bass ) .
14	personnel john lennon - vocals , piano nicky hopkins - piano klaus voormann - bass john barham - vibraphone alan white - drums the flux fiddlers - strings covers the song was covered by the band stereophonics as a b-side to the song '' handbags and gladrags '' .
11	track listing personnel music , lyrics , vocals , guitar , bass , percussion - s. j. tucker conga , little djembe - jay '' trainwreck '' timbs the ragged rabble chorus - jenn matters , andrea morrison , kris klink , scott sumers , mallorie e. gareis , trudy '' mama dragon '' herring , trevor '' tempest '' rush , leif '' the yellow dart '' ericson , andy sims , j. cooper , and melinda mattison production mix-down - willie pevear rehearsal tapes - brandon sams photos : moji o. - angel by jeff album art : nitia cheveallier aka wolfdragon graphics background this is tucker 's first album , considered her original magnum opus .
34	scoring and structure the ode is scored for 2 recorders , 2 oboes , 2 trumpets , timpani , strings , basso continuo and a choir with soprano , alto / countertenor , and bass soloists .
31	b. e. taylor later re-recorded this song on his first solo album , try love , as more of a rock song , getting rid of the synthesizers and making the bass , lead guitar , and drums much more involved .
22	band personnel doc schoko : vocals , lead vocalist , guitar kurt kreikenbom : drums uwe jahnke : guitar jo-jo wolter : bass the sound of the band doc schoko 's band started out as a straight punk rock outfit .
7	the band members include eric axelson ( bass ) , jason caddell ( guitar ) , joe easley ( drums ) , and travis morrison ( vocals and guitar ) .
35	post-breakup ( 1996 -- 2011 ) in may 2006 , singer dan clements joined forces with original suicidal tendencies members grant estes ( guitar ) , amery smith ( drums ) and louiche mayorga ( bass ) and the former no mercy kevin guercio ( vocals ) to form the band against to record two tracks for a new split album called welcome 2 venice .
28	the work calls for solo tenor ( evangelist ) , solo baritone ( jesus ) , chorus and organ , as well as minor roles for five solo bass ( judas , high priest , peter , pilate , bystander ) , a solo treble ( maid ) , and a solo treble or alto ( maid ii ) .
9	( russian : валерий гавва ) , fine russian bass .
21	formed in 1980 , the band 's original line-up was shaun ryder on lead vocals , his brother paul ryder on bass , lead guitarist mark day , keyboardist paul davis , and drummer gary whelan .
12	when meisner quit the band in 1970 , schmit replaced him on bass and lead vocals .
48	( 2 : 06 ) and the other is a drunken live cover of '' embrace '' by straight edge hardcore band ignite '' ( 3 : 46 ) personnel nuno pereira - vocals trevor reilly - guitar , backing vocals john carvalho - guitar jonathan teves - bass , backing vocals nicholas pasquale angelini - drums details recorded , engineered and mixed by : joe reilly produced by : smackin ' isaiah , joe reilly co-produced by : joe reilly and smackin ' isaiah recorded at : black and blue studios , new bedford , ma mastered by : rich rescigno at mountainside studios published by : adamscrackmusic !
10	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for soprano and bass vocal soloists , a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , two horns , two flute , two oboe , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , violone , basso continuo .
16	his knowledge of executing different musical instruments , led him to play the guitar , the bass , and the typical string instrument of puerto rico , the cuatro , for the ponce high vocal group .
17	disc one : flesh of god disc two : beyond the flesh personnel g. c. green -- bass paul neville -- guitar justin broadrick -- guitar , vocals , programmming , samples bryan mantia -- drums releases the album was released in several editions .
26	unlike most ishine artists , who prefer a pop sound , omartian performs rock , with many of her songs featuring fast-paced guitar solo , loud bass performance , and occasionally , harsh vocals .
10	members charles gokey : vocals , piano , guitar , bass , drums , concertina , marie j. parker : vocals , piano , guitar , french horn , cello , organ , alex abnos : drums , vocals , percussion , looks discography how to make better love split cd with in ink please ( fall records 2004 ) zurich mini-lp ( fall records 2004 ) bright teeth ep ( fall records 2008 ) itunes only .
3	of his unorthodox bass style , doughty said , '' it 's all nervous energy .
9	he was known for playing a gibson eb-1 violin bass through a set of sunn amplifiers that , he claimed , once belonged to jimi hendrix .
21	entimio polonini alessandro polonini 's father , entimio polonini ( born circa 1820 ) , was also an opera singer ( bass ) who sang in italy , paris , st. petersburg and london .
20	the earliest recordings of the original messengers were on blue note records ; all of the original messengers ( except bass doug watkins ) had already released albums under their own name on the label .
8	he joined uk reggae outfit jah warriors as bass player and toured with lee perry , mikey dread and aswad .
8	the rhythm section typically included a tuba or bass , piano , banjo or drum .
33	'' track listing all songs written by matt thiessen side a side b credits matt thiessen -- lead vocals , guitar , piano matt hoopes -- guitar , backing vocals brian pittman -- bass dave douglas -- drums , backing vocals ( drums on '' we 're nothing without you only ) brett schoneman - drums ( all but '' we 're nothing without you '' ) the credits in the booklet of the bird and the bee sides showed that philmore drummer and former relient k fill in drummer , brett schoneman , played drums on every song of this ep except '' we 're nothing without you '' .
15	karl ridderbusch ( 29 may 1932 - 21 june 1997 ) was a german operatic bass , associated in particular with the music of wagner .
22	overview the omni featured preset , electronically generated orchestral ensemble string voices including polyphonic violin and viola sounds as well as monophonic bass and cello .
4	he began playing the bass at age 13 , after the death of his brother .
8	track listing personnel owen strathern - vocals , bass enda strathern - guitar , backing vocals , piano stuart bell - guitar , keyboard , lap steel guitar , programming .
14	during the recording of the song , crosby switched instruments with hillman to play bass instead of his usual rhythm guitar .
29	track listing personnel ; lower than atlantis mike duce -- lead vocals , guitar ben sansom -- lead guitar , backing vocals eddy thrower -- drums declan hart -- bass , backing vocals ; additional musicians matt rider -- additional backing vocals daniel lancaster -- additional backing vocals john thrower -- trumpet alex fraser -- triangle ; production john mitchell , ben humphreys -- producer , engineer , mixing alan douches -- mastering accolades ( \* ) designates unordered lists .
15	as with her single '' let me be there '' , mike sammes sings a bass harmony .
40	colin allen , drum ( born colin eric allen , 9 may 1938 , bournemouth , dorset ; ex - zoot money 's big roll band and john mayall 's bluesbreakers , later performed with focus ) james dewar , bass ( born james dewer , 12 october 1942 glasgow ; died 16 may 2002 ; later performed and sang with robin trower 's band ) john mcginnis , keyboards the band 's first two album were recorded by the above line-up , with bell 's vocals '' reminiscent of janis joplin '' .
15	track listing line up sven gross -- vocals mike hanus -- guitar tobias schick - bass stefan hanus -- guitar bastian herzog -- drums production produced by fleshcrawl recorded and mixed at studio fredman , gothenburg , sweden , 13 .
21	was recorded in august in the city of americana , without any mixing , and with a lineup of zhema on bass , soto junior on guitar , zé flávio in guitar , drums and lauder piloni angel on vocals .
49	track listing gear motoi sakuraba used the following keyboards : piano : yamaha c1 grand piano organ : korg cx-3 with leslie147 synth : sequential prophet 600 roland d-50 roland u-220 roland r-8 korg mono/poly yamaha cs01 personnel motoi sakuraba -- keyboards , composer , arranger ken ishita -- bass takeo shimoda -- drums trivia the song '' byzantium '' was originally written during motoi 's time in his previous band , deja vu .
19	raymond '' ray '' davis ( march 29 , 1940 -- july 5 , 2005 ) was the original bass singer and one of the founding members of the parliaments , and subsequently the bands parliament , and funkadelic , collectively known as p-funk .
21	track listing bonus remix cd personnel travis mccoy - vocals disashi lumumba-kasongo - guitar matt mcginley - drums ryan geise - bass doug white - producer , engineer matt green - mixing , engineering adam english - piano rand bellavia - additional vocals milo bonacci - guitars sie one - production on tracks 1 , 8 , 12 , and 18 gary ventura - photography evan leake - cd layout/design additional notes '' kid nothing vs. the echo factor '' is a commentary on mainstream rap music from travis ' point of view as a rapper himself .
11	may be used as a guitar , banjo , ukulele , bass , violin , viola or cello electronic tuner .
14	background '' all we know '' is about the departure of the band 's bass player , jeremy davis , and the divorce of hayley williams ' parents .
18	style the quiett 's style of beats is rather jazz , and he takes advantage of drums and bass in order to make his beats unique .
45	by having its own sound colour and by filling the entire tenor-range , it reforms the usual classical string quartet and completes the idea of classical music theory of having four separate voices with their own timbre each ( soprano , alto , tenor , bass ) in every instrument-category ; as known in the choir , the woodwinds and the brass family , whereas in the usual string quartet the tenor range is distributed between the viola and the cello .
31	after the recording of trono de huesos machetazo created a more stable line-up , that still exists today : dopi ( drum and vocals ) ; carlos '' cadaver '' ( bass and vocals ) ; and rober ( guitar ) .
17	current members of the band include pete ballard on the pedal steel guitar , katie grace on bass and danny kanka on drums .
6	other members include jeff kearns ( bass , vocals ) , stephen ittner ( drums ) , and john crozier ( guitar ) .
13	for this performance and some other touring the band was joined by original bass player clint weinrich , who would officially rejoin the band in 2006 .
36	other members at various times included eric altman ( drum , played drums live and on all jimmy george recordings ) , christine chesser ( fiddle , vocals - chickpea ) , and vitas paukstitis ( bass ) .
24	band members the band were : david oliver ( ollie ) ( ex-point break ) -- vocals dean roberts -- guitar gary mahon -- bass rich joy -- drum roberts has since gone on to form his own band , my ( iq ) , as well as playing for singer-songwriter , stewart mac .
12	line-up jennifer o'neill -- lead vocals , lead guitar katherine o'neill -- bass , backing vocals matt bick -- drums , backing vocals discography studio albums nude ( 2012 ) humble sky ( 2014 ) eps deadhead ( 2011 ) the hippie & me ( 2012 ) singles is it true that boys do n't cry ?
9	musically , '' sullivan '' opens with a galloping bass line before kicking into a full instrumental intro complete with a somber , three-note lead guitar .
49	singers and instrumentation schlosskirche in weimar where bach composed and performed church cantatas monthly from 1714 to 1717 thomaskirche , one of the two leipzig churches where bach composed and performed church cantatas almost weekly from 1723 to 1726 vocal typically bach employs soprano , alto , tenor and bass soloists and a four-part choir , also satb .
26	pivot is a united states rock band from raleigh , north carolina featuring brian kelly on vocals , eric hambright on guitar , mike hambright on bass , and phil cicco on drums .
19	richard bernstein richard bernstein ( born july 30 , 1966 , brooklyn , new york ) is an american bass .
21	the musicians backing them up included ollie halsall ( guitar ) , john halsey ( drum ) and clive griffiths ( bass ) .
18	track listing personnel dawn michele -- lead vocal justin cox -- guitar , backing vocals wendy drennen -- bass phee shorb -- drums glenn drennen -- guitar awards the album was nominated for a dove award for rock/contemporary album of the year at the 40th gma dove awards .
11	performers hacia dos veranos ignacio aguiló : guitar diego martínez : bass julia bayse : flute , keyboards andrés edelstein : drums others musicians ignacio gabriel : farfisa keyboard on tracks maleficio , de los valles y volcanes and verano .
31	instrumentally , the album would also feature contributions from sugar hill drummer , keith leblanc ( also tackhead and on-u sound ) , doug wimbish ( also notable for having playing bass as part of the sugar hill backing band , for acts like grandmaster flash ) , and guitarist skip mcdonald ( also on-u sound ) .
22	history the band was founded 1995 in berlin by christopher blenkinsop ( bouzouki , ukulele & vocals ) , carsten wegener ( bass ) , lutz '' lüül '' ulbrich ( banjo & guitar ) , kristin '' kiki '' sauer ( accordion & vocals ) and reinhard '' koma '' lüderitz ( bagpipes ) .
8	members richard pike - vocals , guitar , bass , keyboards , production laurence pike - drums , keyboards , percussion dave miller - laptop , production laurence pike was also the founder of the now disbanded the leaf label group triosk , and has recorded and performed with savath and savalas , prefuse 73 , qua , bill callahan , jack ladder , flanger and jazz veteran mike nock , as well as a solo drum 10 '' release under the name laurenz pike for berlin 's monika enterprise label .
6	he currently plays organ and sings bass for the capella regalis men and boys choir and the king 's chorus and directs the king 's college chapel choir in halifax , nova scotia .
31	soon after the recording of this album , stuart ( guitar ) and darren ( drums ) left the band , leaving greg chandler ( vocals ) , bryan beck ( bass ) , simon phillips and gordon bicknell ( guitar ) .
16	track listing side a side b contributing musicians vocals : kikki danielsson drums : klas anderhell bass : rutger gunnarsson , anders engberg guitar : lasse wellander , lasse jonsson , hasse rosén keyboards : peter ljung , kjell öhman , lasse holm accordion : kjell öhman wind instrument : urban agnas , leif lindvall , erik häusler , joakim milder wind arrangements : leif lindvall chorus : vicki benckert , liza öhman , lasse westman , lennart sjöholm , lasse holm strings from sveriges radios symfoniorkester .
13	victor lemonte wooten ( born september 11 , 1964 ) is an american bass player , composer , author , producer , and recipient of five grammy award .
27	track listing charts and certifications personnel rob dukes -- vocals gary holt -- lead and rhythm guitars lee altus -- lead and rhythm guitars jack gibson -- bass tom hunting -- drums , percussion additional performers brendon small - guitar solo on '' devil 's teeth '' peter tägtgren - backing vocals on '' the sun is my destroyer '' raymond anthony - keyboards on '' the ballad of leonard and charles '' , additional guitar engineering production andy sneap -- producer/mixer reception exhibit b : the human condition received positive reviews .
17	robert '' bobby '' winkelman is an american singer , song writer , rhythm guitarist , and bass guitar who was a founding member of the east bay band , '' the epics '' .
14	here they recorded for the first time a bonus track with electric guitar and bass .
91	discography studio albums fluxion ( 2004 ) aeolian ( 2006 ) precambrian ( 2007 ) heliocentric ( 2010 ) anthropocentric ( 2010 ) pelagial ( 2013 ) other releases islands/tides ( 2001 ) fogdiver ep ( 2003 ) burst/the ocean split 7 '' ( 2005 ) the grand inquisitor ep 10 '' ( 2012 ) line-up loïc rossetti - vocals ( since 2009 ) robin staps - guitar ( since 2001 ) damian murdoch - guitar ( since 2013 ) paul seidel - drums ( since 2013 ) chris breuer - bass ( since 2013 , touring member & also made a recording appearance on pelagial ) former members former members are counted only since the formation of the first stable line-up , which happened in 2009 .
9	'' personnel van morrison -- vocal david hayes -- bass mark isham -- trumpet john allair -- organ herbie armstrong -- guitar pee wee ellis -- tenor saxophone mick cox -- guitar peter van hooke -- drums other releases a live performance of '' summertime in england '' as performed by morrison with most of the common one band members is featured on the 2006 released dvd , live at montreux 1980/1974 .
19	band kevin matisyn - lead vocals parker lauzon - rhythm guitar vlad tanaskovic - lead guitar joe pitter - bass howard davis - drums additional musicians michael langford - percussion , engineer kevin fox - cello ( painted/pin-up ) konrad kustiak - piano ( painted/pin-up ) production trevor kustiak -- producer mark makowy -- mixing michael langford -- engineer , digital editing tom bender -- assistant william paden hensley -- digital editing , mixing assistant p.r . brown -- design , photography bob vosgien -- mastering geoffrey weiss -- a & r michael barbiero -- mixing michael brauer -- mixing mick guzauski -- mixing unplugged melody the unplugged melody was included with the canadian release of the album , containing acoustic versions of songs from the melody and the energetic nature of volume , with the exception of the sarah mclachlan cover , '' possession '' .
6	career speight plays the guitar and bass , and is a published novelist and short-story writer .
6	personnel paul mccartney double-tracked vocal , bass john lennon harmony vocal , rhythm guitar george harrison harmony vocal , twelve-string lead guitar ringo starr drums george martin piano cover versions the song was covered by 1960s pittsburgh garage band the fantastic dee jays .
20	band members 2005 to 2007 : '' vatomanga quartet '' : mahatozo ravelonjaka ( keyboard ) , henintsoa andriamasimanana ( bass ) , miora rabarisoa ( drums ) and nicolas vatomanga ( soprano , alto and tenor saxophone ; sodina flute ) .
20	he was known for his height ( 6 ft 6 in ) , '' hearty laugh '' and heavily accented bass voice .
27	in 1979 , after playing with the reversible cords on may day at raul 's , erickson recorded 15 new songs with producer stu cook , former bass player of creedence clearwater revival .
26	to record the album , the band traveled to various studios where the live musicians , including swire himself , recorded acoustic drums , guitar , bass and vocals .
21	biography green echo was founded by nno mar ( guitar & effects ) , j ( drums ) and pedrü ( bass ) in 2003 .
20	the original line up consisted of strummer on vocals and guitar , antony genn on guitar , scott shields on bass , martin slattery on keyboards and guitar , as well as flute and saxophone on select songs , pablo cook on various percussion instruments and steve barnard on drums , using his stage moniker '' smiley '' .
25	personnel george harrison -- vocals , acoustic guitar , slide guitar , backing vocals nicky hopkins -- pianos gary wright -- organ klaus voormann -- bass jim keltner -- drums chart positions notes citations sources dale c. allison jr. , the love there that 's sleeping : the art and spirituality of george harrison , continuum ( new york , ny , 2006 ; isbn 978-0-8264-1917-0 ) .
5	ms zsa zsa poltergeist -- bass , vocals .
108	some of them were : symphonic orchestra of berlin philharmonic orchestra of venezuela symphonic orchestra of paris strings orchestra of torino 's philharmonic wind band of the bayreuth 's youth international festival national chamber orchestra of uruguay orchestra of the anacrusa festival of santiago de chile symphonic orchestra of tucumán in addition , many solo artists have performed his compositions , such as : eduardo fernández ( guitar ) , götz bernau ( violin ) , vihn pham ( violin ) , nicholas ktichen ( violin ) , daniel luzko and josé luis miranda ( piano ) , mami sakuda fiorentini ( soprano ) , antonio dourthe ( bass ) , eladio pérez gonzález ( baritone ) .
34	personnel john lennon lead vocal ( chorus ) , harmony vocal ( verses ) , lead guitar ( solo ) paul mccartney lead vocal ( verses ) , harmony vocal ( chorus ) , bass george harrison harmony vocal ( chorus ) , lead guitar ( riff ) ringo starr drums , tambourine cover versions the jimi hendrix experience covered this song on bbc sessions .
13	history early career death from above 1979 consists of jesse f. keeler on bass , synths , and backing vocals , and sebastien grainger on vocals and drum .
3	jeremy boettcher ( bass ) , nick ball ( guitar ) , and bon iver bandmate mike noyce ( viola ) played a large percentage of the music that carey could not .
29	reception track listing performers dave quackenbush - vocals , guitar on '' teenage idol '' warren fitzgerald - guitar , vocals on '' teenage idol '' joe escalante - bass josh freese - drums album information record label : original cd & vhs releases : triple x records special edition cd & double disc dvd re-releases : kung fu records recorded live at the ice house in fullerton , california by mark linett bonus tracks recorded live on kuci 88.9 at the university of california irvine mixed at formula one studios in la habra , california produced by warren fitzgerald photographs by lisa johnson art direction by grace walker all songs published by greco roman publishing except '' h.b. hotel '' by tree publishing co. .
16	) dewey bunnell -- 6-string acoustic guitar , backing vocal gerry beckley -- lead vocal , bass , piano dan peek -- 12-string electric guitar , backing vocal dave atwood - drums charts the song was a top ten hit and spent 10 weeks in united states hot 100 charts wherein it peaked at number 9 .
32	roles major-general stanley ( comic baritone ) the pirate king ( bass-baritone ) samuel , his lieutenant ( baritone ) frederic , the pirate apprentice ( tenor ) sergeant of police ( bass ) general stanley 's daughters : catherine ferguson ( kate ) , nellie briercliffe ( edith ) , and ella milne ( isabel ) , 1920 ruth , a piratical maid of all work ( contralto ) chorus of pirates , police and general stanley 's daughters synopsis ; act i on the coast of cornwall , at the time of queen victoria 's reign , frederic celebrates the completion of his twenty-first year and the end of his apprenticeship to a gentlemanly band of pirates ( '' pour , oh pour the pirate sherry '' ) .
29	track listing robert cray band robert cray - guitars , electric bluesitar , vocals jim pugh - keyboards kevin hayes - drums karl sevareid - electric , and acoustic bass note robert cray performs '' time makes two ' on eric clapton 's 2004 crossroads guitar festival dvd .
5	he played all guitar , bass and drums on their 2003 album cockadoodledon't .
22	personnel ; oingo boingo danny elfman - lead vocals , guitar steve bartek - lead guitar , backing vocals john avila - bass , backing vocals johnny '' vatos '' hernandez - drums , percussion warren fitzgerald - guitar , backing vocals sam '' sluggo '' phipps - tenor and soprano saxophones , vocals on '' reptiles and samurai '' leon schneiderman - baritone saxophone , percussion dale turner - trumpet katurah clarke - percussion marc mann - keyboard video a video of the final concert was released on vhs alongside the double album in 1996 .
33	band members band members as of 2004 - 2006 were : chris warlow ( vocals / guitar / synthesizer ) cez mathias ( vocals / guitar / drum machine ) fudge wilson ( bass ) .
20	personnel mick jagger -- vocal , harmonica keith richards -- guitar , vocal mick taylor -- guitar bill wyman -- bass charlie watts -- drums nicky hopkins -- piano bobby keys -- saxophone jim price -- trumpet ian stewart -- piano on '' bye bye johnny '' and '' honky tonk women '' tour support acts opening for the tour 's shows was stevie wonder ; this placement , along with his hard-edged hit of the time '' superstition '' ( released october 1972 ) , did much to increase wonder 's visibility to rock audiences , at this the beginning of his classic period .
13	they relocated to cardiff and took on further members , rhun lenny ( bass ) and owain jones ( drums ) , both of the band topper .
10	it features hard-driving heavy metal guitar riffs , the pounding bass rhythms characteristic of funk , and sometimes hip hop - style rhyme into an alternative rock approach to songwriting .
12	'' members current members g-yun - vocals missy - guitar classy - bass mush - drums taka-p - saxophone shodai - trumpet hiroaki - trombone former members aki 3 - drums discography albums 2006 : golling !
51	based in los angeles , california , the band features steven william '' billy bones '' fortuna , formerly of the skulls ( u.s . band ) , guitarist alex mack , drummer alex gomez , formerly of u.s . bombs tenor saxophone bad otis link , ( visual artist ) bass easy lou jones , rhythm guitar dustin '' damone '' snodgrass history the billybones released their debut 7 '' single we 're selfish on dr . strange records in late 2007 .
14	both allmusic 's maginnis and trouser press ' robbins praise tom petersson 's strong bass line .
6	pompeiu hărăşteanu is a romania opera bass / basso profondo .
20	the shostakovich orchestration had a substantial influence on many of his later works , and has since been adapted for bass and baritone voices .
14	the devin townsend band consisted of brian waddell on guitar , mike young on bass , ryan van poederooyen on drums , and dave young on keyboards .
27	it consisted of steve albini ( formerly of big black ) on guitar and vocals , david wm . sims ( formerly of scratch acid ) on bass , and rey washam ( formerly of scratch acid and big boys ) on drums .
20	scoring and structure similar to other weimar cantatas , the work is scored for soprano , alto , tenor and bass soloists , a four-part choir for the chorale only if at all , an obbligato bassoon , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
20	charts and certifications peak positions certifications personnel james hetfield -- vocals , guitar lars ulrich -- drums jason newsted -- bass alternative versions nothing else matters ' 99 for its appearance on m , its orchestration was arranged by michael kamen conducting the san francisco symphony orchestra .
24	members seika -- vocals munekazu '' taka '' takayama -- guitar masanobu '' ura '' higa -- guitar kuniya '' yasha '' kawamitsu -- bass takuya '' fuga '' uehara -- keyboards kengo '' ken '' chibana -- drums former members higa -- guitar ( 2004 -- ?
39	charlie lost interest in '' the piano and flute '' sound that sui generis had been developing , and decided that sui generis needed a change ; the band would evolve to a more traditional rock sound , incorporating bass and drums .
10	became permanent when yonemura left ) past members : plays bass , vocals , born december 3 , 1984 plays guitar , vocals , born august 8 , 1984 ( left johnny 's in late summer of 2009 ) yuya noda plays guitar , vocals , born july 13 , 1984 ( left question ?
29	members jocke lindström -- vocals ( ex-digression assassins ) stefan lagergren - guitar ( ex - treblinka , tiamat , expulsion ) staffan skoglund - guitar juck thullberg -- bass ( ex - treblinka , tiamat ) jonas ohlsson -- drums past members alex stjernfeldt - guitar 2007-2012 discography unearthing ( demo , march 26 , 2008 ) detached from life ( album , october 31 , 2009 ) death suits you ( ep , september 24 , 2010 ) descending through ashes ( album , september 25 , 2011 ) live live , mr. death is famous for their intense and energic shows .
15	richard maloof ( born january 17 , 1940 ) is an american musician who played bass and tuba for the lawrence welk orchestra .
23	'' track listing personnel lance hahn ( vocals , guitar , piano ) adam pfahler ( drum , percussion ) jeff bursley ( bass ) kelly green ( guest vocals on '' the track '' and '' sunshine '' .
10	even more importantly , he appeared with the famous russia bass feodor chaliapin in productions of faust at the royal opera house , covent garden , london , in july 1928 .
25	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto ( a ) , tenor ( t ) and bass ( b ) ) , a four-part choir satb , trumpet ( tr ) , oboe ( ob ) , bassoon ( fg ) , two violin ( vl ) , two viola ( va ) and basso continuo ( bc ) .
32	track listing tracks 11-13 are japanese bonus tracks personnel keith buckley -- vocals jordan buckley -- guitar andrew williams -- guitar michael '' ratboy '' novak jr. -- drums stephen micciche -- bass chart positions album - billboard ( north america ) songs romeo a go-go '' romeo a go-go '' is the lead track of this album .
20	'' additionally , thom bennet ( drums ) , rod olstad ( vocals and violin ) , taras zakordonski ( bass ) , and maria cherwick ( violin ) worked on '' big beet music .
53	personnel elvis presley -- vocals , acoustic guitar , piano scotty moore -- electric guitar chet atkins -- acoustic guitar on january 10 -- 11 ( except i got a woman ) floyd cramer -- piano on january 10 -- 11 shorty long -- piano on january 30 -- 31 bill black -- bass d. j. fontana -- drums johnny bernero -- drums ( on '' trying to get to you '' ) gordon stoker -- backing vocals ben speer -- backing vocals brock speer -- backing vocals track listing original release 1999 reissue with bonus tracks 2005 reissue with bonus tracks same tracks as 1999 reissue .
23	currently musical direction is shared by the founder , the basque musicologist jon bagüés ( b. errenteria 1955 ) , and by the bass josep cabré .
28	members include geoff weers ( guitar and vocals ) , adam patterson ( drums and vocals ) , raul bianchi ( lead guitar ) and ryan demars ( bass ) .
3	bryn merrick - bass , vocals .
28	live in california 74 bonus tracks archive preview live in concert 72/73 personnel ; deep purple ritchie blackmore : guitar david coverdale : lead vocals glenn hughes : bass , vocals jon lord : organ , keyboards ian paice : drums accolades ( \* ) designates unordered lists .
12	the recording featured the moonglows on backing vocals , willie dixon on bass , jody williams on guitar , along with bo diddley , clifton james on drums , jerome green playing the maraca , and little willie smith on harmonica .
4	for instance , english bass , owen brannigan , sang in the b minor mass , and the principal and second trumpeters of the london symphony orchestra were engaged to play the d trumpets in the same work .
22	warrior personnel axel rudi pell ( electric guitar ) johnny gioeli ( vocals ) ferdy doernberg ( keyboards ) volker krawczak ( bass ) mike terrana ( drums ) gudi laos ( backing vocals ) katja kutz ( backing vocals ) dvd2 the second dvd contains bonus material such as interviews and music videos .
33	folke jonsson , photographed in 1939 in skansen sweden folke henry jonsson ( 9 june 1904 in ängelholm sweden 7 december 1981 in sollentuna ) was a swedish opera singer who sang leading bass roles primarily at the royal swedish opera and in other scandinavia opera houses for many years .
20	townsend also chose jean savoie , a music store employee who plays in a beatles cover band , to play bass on the album .
10	the duo included keyboard player julian marshall and vocalist and bass player kit hain , who met while pupils at dartington hall school .
3	simon rankin - bass , backing vocals .
3	волков ) ( bass soloist of the novosibirsk opera house ) .
24	in addition to several minor roles , the opera requires a boys ' choir and a '' choir of judges '' who all sing bass .
14	lászló polgár ( 1 january 1947 19 september 2010 ) was an hungarian operatic bass .
15	joseph michael '' dusty '' hill ( born may 19 , 1949 ) is the bass , keyboard and co - vocalist with the american rock group zz top .
5	the slow , menacing , bass line , played by rudolph v ( dave cardwell ) , is also a prominent feature of the recording .
13	paul plishka ( born august 28 , 1941 ) is a american opera bass .
27	track listing digipak bonus tracks personnel band members kobi farhi − vocals yossi sasi − lead guitars , oud matti svatitzki − rhythm guitar uri zelcha − bass sami bachar − drums itzik levi − keyboards , sampler , piano guest musicians hadas sasi − female vocals albert dadon − tarbuka abraham salman − kannun '' neve israel '' synagogue − background vocals amira salah − female '' arab '' vocals unknown musician goes by the name '' vovin '' - guitars production and other recorded in '' sigma '' studios , tel aviv , israel , june 1994 .
18	'' lineup members harrison stafford -- vocals , guitar marcus urani -- b3 , keyboards ryan newman -- bass david chachere -- trumpet te kenawa haereiti aka .
17	personnel ian thornley -- vocals , lead guitar , keyboards brian doherty -- guitar david henning -- bass forrest williams -- drums covers nickelback has covered the song '' mistake '' live .
17	; personnel james scheffer -- songwriter ester dean -- songwriter frank romano -- songwriter , guitar and bass daniel morris -- songwriter and additional keyboards jim jonsin -- producer , programming and keyboards harvey mason , jr. -- vocal producer andrew hey -- vocal recording david boyd -- vocal recording assistant michael daley -- vocal recording assistant dabling harward -- additional vocal recording robert marks -- recording and audio mixing ghazi hourani -- recording assistant justin merrill -- mixing assistant matt huber -- mixing assistant chris gehringer -- mastering credits adapted from killer love booklet liner notes .
19	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , three oboe , bassoon , two violin , violone , and basso continuo .
24	the 1998 incarnation of karnivool consisted of kenny on lead vocals , andrew ` drew ' goddard on lead guitar , andrew brown on bass and brett mckenzie on drums .
16	the youngbloods were an american folk rock band consisting of jesse colin young ( vocals , bass ) , jerry corbitt ( guitar ) , lowell levinger , nicknamed '' banana '' ( guitar and electric piano ) , and joe bauer ( drums ) .
87	cultural and religious life altar boy ( see above ) choir boy designates a boy ( always a minor ) singer in a choir ; here applies a specific physiological , artistically relevant criterion : they remain a musical category of their own ( boy soprano , also known as a treble ) until their voice ` breaks ' , during puberty , to join one of the adult male voice register ( countertenor ( closest to treble ) , alto , tenor , baritone , or bass ) ; only the castrato may ( not guaranteed ) remain a soprano as an adult man ; historically the term was designed for all-male ( mainly church ) choirs , with men with already broken voices ( often former choir boys ) , in modern times it also applies to mixed choirs .
13	the choir consists mainly of vocal sections of tenor , baritone , and bass .
28	track listing personnel ; hundredth chadwick glenn johnson - vocals alex blackwell iv - lead guitar , backing vocals andrew minervini - rhythm guitar john paul gressman - bass mathew christopher koontz - drums ; production produced by baron bodnar , ryan leitru & hundredth engineered by taylor voeltz , chadwick johnson & alex blackwell adaptation by johnny cash management by baron bodnar booking by cody delong ( the kenmore agency , us ) & nanouk de meijere ( avocado booking , eu ) pr by josh eldridge artwork by dan mountford & john doe voted ` best hardcore album ' by public vote on mediaskare .
21	performers chris carrabba - vocals gene francis - vocals 2001 josh colbert - guitar nick dominguez - guitar chad neptune - bass steve kleisath - drums james paul wisner - keys album information record label : tooth & nail records recorded september 28-november 1 , 2000 at wisner productions .
18	prior to the jesus and mary chain , he worked as a roadie for altered images and played bass in the wake .
17	scoring and structure the work is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two flute , two oboe , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
22	track listing credits brann dailor − drums , vocals brent hinds − guitar , vocals bill kelliher − guitar troy sanders − bass , vocals recorded , mixed , and mastered by matt washburn at ledbelly sound studio .
23	the members are ross flournoy ( guitar , vocals ) , dan iead ( guitar , backing vocals ) , brian whelan ( bass , backing vocals ) , rob mccorkindale ( drums , percussion ) , and scott claassen ( keys , backing vocals ) .
5	gregory stapp is an american bass who has performed actively in concerts and opera internationally for more than 35 years .
20	' '' band members ; current members benji webbe -- lead vocals ( 1998 -- present ) dan pugsley -- bass , programming , backing vocals ( 1998 -- present ) michael fry ( a.k.a. mikey demus ) -- guitar , backing vocals ( 2002 -- present ) arya goggin -- drums ( 2002 -- present ) ; touring members dan sturgess ( a.k.a. brixton / sanchez ) -- samples , programming , backing vocals ( 2011 -- present ) ; former members jeff rose -- guitar ( 2001 -- 2002 ) martyn '' ginge '' ford -- drums ( 2001 -- 2002 ) discography babylon ( 2002 ) roots rock riot ( 2007 ) shark bites and dog fights ( 2009 ) union black ( 2011 ) kill the power ( 2014 ) awards and nominations kerrang !
29	selected cantatas the table used abbreviations : s = soprano , ms = mezzo-soprano , a = alto , t = tenor , bar = baritone , b = bass , childr = children 's choir , str = strings , instr = instruments , tr = tromba ( trumpet ) , co = horn , cn = cornett , tb = trombone , ti = timpani , fl = recorder , ft = flauto traverso , ob = oboe , oa = oboe d'amore , oc = oboe da caccia , vn = violin , va = viola , vc = cello , fg = bassoon , org = organ ) , bc = basso continuo literature alfred dürr : johann sebastian bach : die kantaten .
51	in the first four cantatas of the cycle , bach gave the cantus firmus of the chorale tune to the soprano in the first , , to the alto in the second , , to the tenor in the third , , for st. john 's day , and to the bass in the fourth , .
20	band members lazare - vocals , synth , electronic beats , drums and percussion cornelius - vocals , guitars and bass guests agnete kjølsrud ( ex-animal alpha , djerv ) - vocals ( on tracks 3 & 7 ) benedicte maurseth - vocals ( on tracks 1 , 8 & 10 ) and hardanger fiddle ( on track 1 ) kjetil selvik - saxophone ( on tracks 4 , 5 & 7 ) vangelis labrakis - guitar ( on track 6 ) king is credited for '' wah howls '' on track 4 courtesy of chilihead/egghead prodz .
29	track listing personnel graciela naranjo ( vocals ) estelita del llano ( vocals ) , maraca ) alberto naranjo ( arranger , director , timbales ) gustavo carucí ( bass , guitar , cuatro ) víctor mestas ( piano ) alexander livinalli ( percussion ) guest stars julio flores ( clarinet ) on ( 2 ) , ( tenor sax ) on ( 15 ) julio mendoza ( trumpet ) on ( 10 ) rodolfo reyes ( flute ) on ( 20 ) domingo sánchez bór ( cello ) on ( 13 ) salvador soteldo ( harmonica ) on ( 4,8 ) special participation orquesta anacaona on ( 11 ) carlos gardel and mona maris on ( 3 ) gilberto pinto on ( 17 ) aldemaro romero piano and vocals on ( 22 ) production date of recording : may - june 1995 .
30	scoring and structure bach scored the work in d major for four vocal soloists ( soprano ( s ) , alto ( a ) , tenor ( t ) and bass ( b ) ) , a satb four-part choir , and a baroque orchestra of two traverse flutes ( ft ) , two oboes ( ob ) , two horns ( co ) , bassoon ( fg ) , two violins ( vl ) , viola ( va ) and basso continuo ( bc ) , with three trumpets and timpani ad libitum .
7	cultural references personnel paul mccartney vocal , bass , piano , handclaps john lennon harmony vocal , handclaps , guitar \* george harrison harmony vocal , handclaps ringo starr drums , handclaps george martin piano solo ( \* ) macdonald was unsure if lennon played guitar on the track .
15	the cast of nat turner included angela brown , soprano , and kevin maynor , bass .
7	peg leg is an album by jazz bass ron carter , originally released on lp in 1978 , digitally remastered and released on cd in 1991 by fantasy studios .
7	he is not related to squeeze 's bass player , keith wilkinson although he was briefly a member of squeeze and can be seen in the video for ` this summer .
7	credits john l. cooper -- vocals , bass korey cooper -- keyboard , loops , sampling , programming , guitars , backing vocals kevin haaland -- guitar trey mcclurklin - drums music video there was a music video made for the song '' best kept secret '' .
10	he is a multi-instrumentalist who plays violin , guitar , bass , and piano .
20	scoring and structure the work in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , four trombone , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
21	the album presents a studio performance of leader and saxophonist ken stubbs with django bates on piano , mick hutton on bass and martin france on drums , recorded over 2 days in march , 1989 in norway .
16	'' as well as carter , the band featured two saxophone , trumpet , piano , bass and drum .
10	america peek contributed lead and backing vocal , guitar , bass , keyboards , and harmonica to their recordings during his tenure in the band .
10	track listing side one side two personnel hillous butrum - bass don helms - steel guitar bob mcnett - guitar jerry rivers - fiddle hank williams - vocals , guitar sources liner notes : ( 1962 ) hank williams - hank williams on stage ( lp ) .
18	at the end , toodles galore watches spike strum tom , who had replaced the strings on his bass , while jerry plays a quick riff on tom 's whiskers .
53	english track listing asia deluxe edition dvd track listing musical personnel vocals main vocals han geng except track 6 siwon except track 6 donghae except track 6 kyuhyun all tracks henry except track 6 ryeowook all tracks zhou mi all tracks instruments kim jung-bae guitar ( tracks 1 , 3 ) min jae-hyun bass ( tracks 1 , 3 , 5 ) ham chun-ho guitar ( track 2 ) song gwang-sik electric piano ( tracks 2 , 5 ) k-strings strings ( tracks 2 , 3 , 5 , 6 , 8 , 9 , 11 , 12 ) henry violin ( tracks 2 , 7 , 11 , 12 ) song young-joo piano ( track 3 ) ko tae-young guitar ( tracks 4 , 11 ) sam lee guitar ( tracks 5 , 6 , 8 , 12 ) groovie .
14	salvatore baccaloni ( 14 april 1900 31 december 1969 ) was an italian operatic bass , often regarded as the greatest buffo artist of the 20th century .
6	while there , he created the bass line and composed samples around that .
9	chamber of horrors includes charleston noir , for four bass ; chamber of horrors , for harp ( 1995 ) , played by alice giles ; still life , for viola and piano ( 2001 ) ; gypsy ramble , for viola , cello and piano ( 1996 ) ; wild rice , for cello ( 1996 ) ; and velvet revolution , for horn , violin and piano ( 1999 ) .
15	roles armanda , soprano alexandre , baritone oskar , tenor philomène , mezzo-soprano portrait , bass recording a recording of the work was issued by supraphon in 1994 , conducted by františek jílek .
29	the band originally consisted of 13 members : skip prokop : drums and vocals paul hoffert : keyboards and vibraphone ralph cole : guitar and vocals grant fullerton : bass and vocals vic '' pinky '' dauvin : percussion and lead vocals ian guenther : violin don dinovo : violin and viola don whitton : cello leslie schneider : cello freddy stone : trumpet and flugelhorn arnie chycoski : trumpet and flugelhorn howard shore : alto saxophone russ little : trombone one of the first lighthouse concerts was at carnegie hall and in its first year , the band also played at fillmore east , fillmore west , toronto , boston , the atlantic city pop festival , and the monterey and newport jazz festivals .
31	track listing personnel art pepper -- alto saxophone stanley cowell -- piano howard roberts -- guitar ( on '' mr. big '' and '' brazil '' only ) cecil mcbee -- bass carl burnett -- drums stanley cowell does not play on '' brazil '' ; howard roberts adds a second guitar part .
10	track listing personnel john cafiero -- vocals jerry only -- bass dez cadena -- lead guitar ivan julian -- rhythm guitar marky ramone -- drum cover songs among the songs on the album are cover version of the title tracks from anime series astro boy and sailor moon , and the rossano brazzi film the christmas that almost was n't .
26	the band was formed by oregon native kat bjelland ( lead vocals and guitar ) , with lori barbero ( drums ) and michelle leon ( bass ) , who was later replaced by maureen herman in 1992 .
16	'' personnel ministry al jourgensen -- vocals , guitar , programming , production paul barker -- bass , programming , production additional personnel william rieflin -- drums , programming joe kelly -- backing vocals limp bizkit cover american nu metal band limp bizkit released its cover version of '' thieves '' as a single via twitter on november 1 , 2013 for free download .
26	overview '' 2 rights make 1 wrong '' is a nine minute long instrumental song , featuring a wide range of instrumentation , including guitar , bass , drums , brass , and banjo .
33	a sintir , or guimbri , being played by nuru kane the sintir ( ) , also known as the guembri ( ) , gimbri or hejhouj , is a three stringed skin-covered bass plucked lute used by the gnawa people .
22	the cantata opens with a chorus , followed by the recitative , in which words spoken by jesus are sung by the bass as the ( voice of christ ) .
8	secretly minnesotan personnel sean tollefson -- vocals , bass , keyboard jeff fell -- drum chris munford -- guitar , keyboard , backing vocals harold hollingsworth -- lead guitar jenny mears -- vocals , backing vocals kip beelman & chris munford -- recording , audio engineering corianton hale -- backing vocals taryn webber -- cello on '' fall 4 u '' and '' polaroids from mars '' jen abercrombie -- vocals on '' fall 4 u '' and '' building the robot '' roshan gurusinghe - recording assistant artwork corianton hale received a regional design award from print magazine for the design and layout of the disenchanted hearts unite album .
11	this included instrument replacement for the piano , staple percussion and bass .
23	he was a choir boy at st john 's church , perry barr , and became interested in the guitar , then the bass .
4	mills and former parliament bass player 'mad ' mike banks were founding members of detroit techno collective underground resistance ( ur ) , which embraced revolutionary rhetoric and only appeared in public dressed in ski masks and black combat suits .
42	composition the song is an instrumental track in which we can distinguish three segments : the first is a funk climax that leads to the second , a dreamlike alternative part which evolves into the third , in a culminating combination of bass , guitar , drums and trumpet , instrument played by flea .
21	the band consists of gil assayas , keyboards and lead vocals , assa bukelman , electric guitar , shai saadia , bass , and assaf kraus , drums and backing vocals ( and up until lately also ohad eilam ( former lead singer , guitarist and songwriter ) .
41	everest is a rock band from los angeles , california and nashville , tennessee , which consists of russell pollard ( vocals , guitar , drums ) , joel graves ( guitar , keyboards , vocals ) , elijah thomson ( bass , vocals ) , aaron lee tasjan ( guitar , vocals ) and dan bailey ( drums ) .
11	mark harmon is an american record producer , songwriter , and bass , best known for his work with the rock group the 77s .
16	in the play and the series , george manghan , a middle aged , debt ridden bass player in a jazz band , falls in love with the wealthy and much younger blonde singer terry , much to the distress of her father .
29	ultimately , three songs on the album did feature dane 's trademark high-pitched vocals , though the majority of the singing was more in line with the baritone and bass vocals that were featured prominently in nevermore .
5	track listing personnel randy bradbury bass fletcher dragge guitar jim lindberg vocals byron mcmackin drums pennywise producer darian rundall producer , engineer charts album - billboard ( north america ) and the aria charts ( australia ) .
16	he started playing keyboard at the age of 9 and later learned to play guitar , bass and drums .
22	track listing personnel topon das -- guitar matt connell -- drums mel mongeon -- vocals , artwork , design tim audette -- bass ; production fuck the facts -- composition , recording david cain -- mastering liba suda -- artwork , design michal majewski -- photography recording the drum tracks were recorded in the first week of january 2002 .
20	members of the quartet are joe connelly ( lead ) , tony derosa ( baritone ) , don barnick ( bass ) , and roger ross ( tenor ) .
6	members jak noble - guitar , bass , drum programming , vocals , sitar , production ( 2008 -- 2013 ) discography studio albums ypres ( 2010 ) far-stepper/of wide sea ( 2013 ) eps langemark ( 2009 ) the hidden world : i ( 2009 ) of marduk ( 2010 ) proud england ( 2011 ) compilation albums scattered fragments of a past forgotten : old songs reborn ( 2010 ) alpha : the ypres months ( 2010 ) the newgrounds years : 2007 - 2010 ( 2011 ) compilation eps returning we hear the demos , vol .
25	in 2005 three further musician joined the band , and consists of : sydney maresca anne harris will carlough ( drums ) andrew dickerson ( bass ) paul thureen ( harp ) the band 's biggest hit , '' gay boyfriend '' , had an unconventional novelty music video , created for a small internet site , which gained international airplay on mtv and most other music networks , especially in the united kingdom .
17	lindell started playing in northern california bar , first with the guitar , and later moving to bass , while working as a baker during the day to make ends meet .
22	ulrik thesrup cold ( born 15 may 1939 , copenhagen -- died 13 october 2010 , copenhagen ) was a danish opera bass .
11	track listing personnel demonaz - vocals ice dale - guitars & bass armagedda - drums music and lyrics by demonaz .
19	composition the piece is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto or contralto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two flute , piccolo , two oboe , two clarinet in b-flat , two bassoon , four horns , two trumpet in c , three trombone , tuba , strings , timpani , four percussionists , two harp , and pianoforte .
19	personnel ; parkway drive winston mccall - vocals jeff ling - guitar luke kilpatrick - guitar shaun cash - bass ben gordon - drums ; production adam dutkiewicz -- record producer and mixing album tom baker - mastering reception since its release , killing with a smile has received mixed to positive reviews .
15	personnel tori amos -- acoustic piano , vocals steve caton -- guitars justin meldal-johnsen -- bass andy ling -- programming sales and chart performance the us hey jupiter ep debuted at # 94 on the billboard 200 .
22	members last known line-up : rob monsour ( guitar , vocals ) mike brown ( guitar , vocals ) eddy burgos ( bass ) james ribiat ( drums ) mike minnick ( drums ) in 1986 , the band recorded a 5 song ep to sell during their tour with agression .
17	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for soprano , alto , tenor and bass soloists , a four-part choir singing the chorale exclusively , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
16	first formed in the early 2000s , the current band roster consists of lance morrison on bass , danny carey ( of tool ) on drums , and john ziegler on guitar .
35	'' track listing personnel pagan 's mind nils k. rue -- lead vocals , art design , logo , layout , and graphics jørn viggo lofstad -- guitar thorstein aaby -- guitar steinar krokmo -- bass stian kristoffersen -- drums ronny tegner -- keyboards production recorded by øyvind eriksen and per sælør at klyve lydstudio , skien , norway in january-march 2002 .
25	personnel noel gallagher -- lead vocals , lead guitar paul '' bonehead '' arthurs -- rhythm guitar , piano paul '' guigsy '' mcguigan -- bass alan white -- drums liam gallagher -- backing vocals , tambourine track listing all songs were written by noel gallagher , except where noted .
21	track listing personnel katatonia jonas renkse -- vocals , drums blackheim -- guitar le huche ( guillaume le huche ) -- bass production dan swanö -- mixing , engineering , production katatonia -- production notes katatonia 's song was later featured on the saw you drown ep in 1998 .
13	kurt rydl ( born october 8 , 1947 ) is an austrian opera bass ( basso profondo ) .
26	background the song features kid cudi on guitar , as well as him accompanying dot da genius on drums , while dot da genius solely handled bass and piano .
22	track listing personnel ; oingo boingo danny elfman - lead vocals steve bartek - guitar richard gibbs - keyboards kerry hatch - bass johnny '' vatos '' hernandez - drums leon schneiderman - baritone and alto saxophones sam '' sluggo '' phipps - tenor and soprano saxophones dale turner - trumpet , trombone recorded december 1980 - february , 1981 at : record plant , united western studios , cherokee studios , and westlake audio .
5	from 1990 , he played bass with commitments star andrew strong for 4 years and then toured with the commitments band for a year , before getting a call from corrs manager john hughes in 1995 .
19	the ep , which was home-recorded in two weeks and featured her playing back-up accompaniment on the mandolin and bass , was later mastered and reprinted for her 2005 summer tour .
24	musicians bob dylan : acoustic guitar , electric guitar , harmonica , piano , lead vocal robbie robertson : electric guitar rick danko : bass , background vocal garth hudson : organ richard manuel : piano mickey jones : drums sandy konikoff : drums ( before march 26 , 1966 ) musicians per olof bjorner .
13	the set consists of ten members : three singers , three trumpet , bass , keyboard , timbales and congas that sound live .
12	members jeff gutt -- vocals danny hartwell -- guitar judd gruenbaum -- bass , backup vocals brandon brown -- drums ; former dave wasierski -- vocals ( 2004-2005 ) discography albums disconnected ( album advance ) advance/itunes jewel case version the dry cell collection 2008 sampler 2005 sampler 2003 sampler all songs were given two titles , the first title using lyrics from the song , and the second were the primarily used titles .
29	at the time it won gold , the quartet featured gene cokeroft as tenor , bob franklin as lead , harlan wilson as baritone , and bill cain as bass .
22	formed in late 2007 , the current members of the band are tim beck ( vocals ) , mark t. zeilman ( bass ) , pj perez ( guitar ) and jackie pope ( drums ) .
88	track listing charts billboard singles billboard albums certifications credits and personnel musicians rocío dúrcal -- ( vocals ) manny lopez - ( electric and acoustic guitars ) juan carlos navarro , alfredo solis - ( mariachi and guitars ) guadalupe alfaro - ( vihuela ) miami symphony orchestra - ( strings ) jeanne tarrant - ( flute ) robert weiner - ( oboe ) alfredo oliva - ( accordion ) levi mora-arriaga - ( trumpet ) bebu silvetti - ( piano and synthesizer ) julio hernandez - ( bass ) orlando hernandez - ( drums ) production direction and production : bebu silvetti .
26	track listing track listing ( english release ) personnel anja orthodox - vocal , keyboards , effects , lyrics paweł pieczyński - guitar krzysztof najman - bass gerard klawe - percusion michał rollinger - keyboards tomasz '' mech '' wojciechowski - keyboards music - closterkeller .
43	original drummer wade youman generally takes credit for starting the band , and a number of players came and went before the lineup coalesced to include scott russo on vocals , steve morris and rob brewer on guitar , and john bell on bass .
34	in 1974 , he founded pork pie and teamed up with philip catherine ( guitar ) , charlie mariano ( saxophone ) , aldo romano ( drums ) , and jean-françois jenny clark ( bass ) .
15	beautiful you is the result of a two-year collaboration between john illsley , the former bass player for dire straits , and irish singer-songwriter greg pearle .
44	on may 26 , 1882 , while on tour with a company organized by clara louise kellogg , the 19-year-old classical pianist herman rietzel , already a concert veteran and considered to be well-launched on a promising career , joined george conly , a bass singer with the company , for a pleasure outing on the lake .
2	the virtuosic bass writing for plutone is closer in style to monteverdi 's late operas than to that of his l'orfeo ( 1607 ) .
12	the categories are as follows : piano keyboard / organ guitar / bass strings brass synth lead/pad ethnic drum/percussion also , there are four realtime controls to control the overall shape of the sound .
13	pia maiocco ( born february 25 , 1962 ) is an american former bass guitarist and backing vocals for the heavy metal band vixen .
3	curly russell -- bass max roach -- drums september 1953 , new york .
16	personnel jon bon jovi - vocals richie sambora - guitar , backing vocals hugh mcdonald - bass , backing vocals tico torres - drums , percussion david bryan - keyboards , backing vocals set list the set list varied on a nightly basis on this tour , but usually featured several songs from the these days album , such as '' hey god '' , '' something for the pain '' , and '' this ai n't a love song '' .
8	she is also known for being a female bass .
21	besides the protagonist , represented by a dummy , there are 23 roles requiring seven singers ( mezzo-soprano , countertenor , bass , 2 tenors , 2 baritone ) and 4 dancers .
20	the current line-up is james taylor ( hammond organ ) , chris montague ( guitar ) , andrew mckinney ( bass ) and adam betts ( drums ) , although recordings and live performances usually feature a horn section comprising john willmott ( tenor sax / flute ) and nick smart ( trumpet ) , and also vocalist yvonne yanney .
78	7 '' ( hc1 ) : 7 '' picture disc ( hcp1 ) : 12 '' ( hcx1 ) : so tired release date : 1983 uk chart : 94 7 '' ( hc2 ) : 7 '' mirror disc ( hcp2 ) : 12 '' ( hcx2 ) : too up two down release date : 1984 uk chart : - 7 '' ( hc3 ) : 12 '' ( hcx3 ) : personnel les nemes - bass .
14	personnel dado villa-lobos -- guitar marcelo bonfá -- drums and percussion renato rocha -- bass renato russo -- vocals , classical guitar , keyboard album certification see also faroeste caboclo , a 2013 movie based on the song .
9	'' performers clint ruin - vocals algis kizys - bass david ouimet - samplers , trombone norman westberg - guitar hahn rowe - violin , guitar vinnie signorelli - drums personnel j. g. thirlwell - production , execution mark ohe - execution martin bisi - mastering concert film dvd in 1993 , a year after the album hit stores , the male performance was released as concert film on vhs by self immolation / atavistic .
19	track listing personnel kim mitchell - guitar and lead vocals paul kersey - drum and percussion mike tilka - bass and vocals terry watkinson - keyboards and vocals pye dubois - lyrics this album was released in the us on the mercury / polygram records label with different artwork and the album was given the title hangover production credits produced by max webster and terry brown recorded and mixed at toronto sound studios , toronto , canada all songs published by mark-cain music ( capac ) management - sro productions ( 1975 ) inc. .
18	kaspar bausewein ( 15 november 1838 , aub -18 november 1903 , munich ) was a german opera bass who was active at the bavarian state opera from 1858 through 1900 .
15	warmoth guitar products , inc. is an american manufacturer and distributor of electric guitar and bass parts , catering particularly to small scale manufacturers , custom builders , amateur constructors , and professional artists such as rivers cuomo and matt sharp ( weezer ) , ed king ( lynyrd skynyrd ) , and kerry livgren ( kansas ) .
3	allen has played bass for many other bands as well .
15	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for three soloists -- soprano , tenor and bass -- a four-part choir , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , viola d'amore and basso continuo .
19	track listings ; cd single ; cd maxi personnel david gilmour - lead and backing vocals , classical , bass , and lap steel guitar richard wright - kurzweil synthesiser nick mason - drums , church bell , percussion with : jon carin - piano michael kamen - orchestration edward shearmur - orchestrations charlie gilmour - voice steve o'rourke - voice cover versions the song was covered by shark 'n the smoke on 2003 tribute album a fair forgery of pink floyd .
57	momin durrani rachel viccaji sara haider musicians with the departure of rohail , musician house band is alomost revamped with new artist , following is the list of featured line-up musicians : personal drums : aahad nayani tabla & dholak : babar ali khanna guitars : imran akhoond piano , synth and keyboard : jaffer ali zaidi bass : khalid khan percussion : sikandar mufti guest musicians following is the list of guest musicians that will support the season 7 primary musicians , many guest musicians are from previous seasons , ghulam abbas , shallum xavier , omran shafique and javed iqbal are among them who served as the main musicians in previous seasons and now have a guest appearance in season seven .
33	the track features young on piano backed by the studio band dubbed the stray gators , comprising jack nitzsche on slide guitar , ben keith on pedal steel guitar , tim drummond on bass , and kenny buttrey on drums .
30	track listing '' how to build a sand castle '' ( hidden track ) personnel todd lowry - vocals josh branas - guitar dave burkes - guitar steve lucarelli - bass giuseppe '' joey '' capolupo - drums recorded , mixed , and mastered by jamie king mastered by troy glessner at spectre art direction & design by jordan butcher additional vocals once nothing , geoff jenkins lyrical content - the lyrics on '' first came the law '' are written by todd .
45	on april 18 , 1941 , as an early experiment in overdubbing at victor , bechet recorded a version of the pop song '' the sheik of araby '' , playing six different instruments : clarinet , soprano saxophone , tenor saxophone , piano , bass , and drums .
7	their current lineup is dave wallin on bass , and ron salvo on drums .
39	lights action are a british rock quintet from london / oxford / chelmsford made up of patrick currier ( vocals ) , karl bareham ( guitar ) , chris moorhead ( guitar / keyboards ) , alex leeder ( bass ) and steven durham ( drums ) .
32	in early 2010 the band changed formation : giulio favero leave and enter to make part of the multi-instrumentalist bologna violenta ( guitar , violin , synth ) and tommaso mantelli on bass .
19	in institutions where the choir is made up of adult men ( who sing the alto , tenor and bass parts ) and trebles ( boy or girl choristers ) who sing the upper-most part ( s ) , one day a week the service may be sung by men only .
13	he recorded eight of the vocal tracks in one day and recorded the bass backing vocals the next day .
7	credits lemmy ( ian kilmister ) -- bass , lead vocals '' fast '' eddie clarke -- guitar , backing vocals on '' emergency '' phil '' philthy animal '' taylor -- drums recorded 4 august -- 15 september 1980 at jackson 's studios , rickmansworth , uk produced by vic maile sleeve photography by alan ballard design by martin poole release history and variations the labels on the 1986 gwr re-issue had the gwr logo and '' a '' on one side , and side two on the other .
8	he is known for his time spent playing bass for the black metal band emperor and for leading the progressive metal band green carnation .
16	personnel andi deris - vocals michael weikath - guitar roland grapow - guitar markus grosskopf - bass uli kusch - drums trivia the japanese cover art has the '' helloween '' logo in the same type of '' scratch writing '' as the album title .
10	battin had replaced dave torbert as the new riders ' bass player after torbert left to join kingfish .
28	'' track listing ( some have been issued as alternate takes ) personnel little richard -- vocals denis brownside - piano eddie bayers - drums jack jackson - bass paul wormley - guitar pat patnik - guitar according to k-tel records it is not known whether richard also played piano on these tracks .
8	he is known for his distinctive and untrained bass voice .
25	personnel george harrison -- vocals , acoustic guitars , slide guitar , backing vocals nicky hopkins -- piano gary wright -- harmonium klaus voormann -- bass jim keltner -- drums citations sources dale c. allison jr. , the love there that 's sleeping : the art and spirituality of george harrison , continuum ( new york , ny , 2006 ; isbn 978-0-8264-1917-0 ) .
16	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for soprano , tenor , and bass soloists , a four-part choir , two horn , two oboes da caccia , two violin obbligato , viola and basso continuo .
15	unlike its predecessors , which relied almost exclusively on a foundation of electric guitar , bass , and dual drummers , it makes equally heavy use of the acoustic guitar .
3	rené ruiz , bass , the founder and original director of the group .
11	the sound of the group is a mixture of guitar , bass and drum together with the brass section , consisting of a trumpet , trombone and occasionally saxophone .
17	branningan circa 1960 owen brannigan obe ( 10 march 1908 9 may 1973 ) was an english bass , known in opera for buffo roles and in concert for a wide range of solo parts in music ranging from henry purcell to michael tippett .
17	among his notable pupils were tenors luciano pavarotti , giuliano bernardi , and vincenzo la scola and bass michele pertusi .
12	for the last few seconds of the song , the guitars and bass are absent , and only the drums and vocals can be heard as lemmy repeats the words '' you know just what the claw is for '' several times , each time more quietly .
42	the earlier album is carter 's best-known , recorded with an all-star line-up that included coleman hawkins , with whom carter had recorded in paris in 1937 , using the same configuration of instruments : four saxophone , piano , guitar , bass , and drums .
14	there is usually a brass instrument ensemble , and sometimes a tuba substitutes for bass .
22	peter bauer and walter martin traded musical instrument on the new album , with bauer handling the organ duties and martin playing bass .
57	dvd track listing classic songs the millennium bell songs special features '' art in heaven '' -- oldfield 's 13-minute solo '' the making of ... '' -- documentary interview with mike oldfield personnel mike oldfield -- guitar robyn smith -- conductor adrian thomas -- keyboards , guitars claire nicolson -- keyboards , guitar carrie melbourne -- bass , chapman stick fergus gerrand -- drum , percussions jody linscott -- percussions pepsi demacque -- vocals miriam stockley -- vocals nicola emmanuelle -- vocals david serame -- vocals also symphony orchestra state academic capella , saint petersburg the glinka state choir , saint petersburg production gert hof -- director egon banghard -- producer achim perleberg -- producer sight & sound version on 30 june 2008 warner re-released the concert in a cd and dvd double pack as a part of their sight & sound , classic performance live range .
15	michael '' mad dog '' mavridoglou ( born 1978 ) is an american trumpet / bass player and keyboardist from cincinnati , oh .
14	track listing personnel matthew fisher - church organ on repent walpurgis dave bronze - bass mark brzezicki - drums robin trower - guitar on repent walpurgis geoff whitehorn - guitar andy fairweather low - guitar gary brooker - piano , accordion and harpsichord and vocals keith reid - lyrics also tom jones - vocals on simple sister jerry hadley - vocals on grand hotel james galway - flute on ` pandora 's box ' regardless of all the above named musicians , the predominant sound on the album is the orchestra .
55	an instrumental version was recorded in oslo on april 29 , 1954 by '' verden rundt 's '' all star band ( rowland greenberg ( trp ) - a. skjold ( trombone ) - k. stokke ( alt ) - k. bergheim ( tenor ) - knut hyrum ( baritone ) - i. børsum ( bass ) - scott lunde ( piano ) - k. o. hoff ( drums ) ) .
48	history pablo cruise began in san francisco , in 1973 , with former members of stoneground ( cory lerios on keyboards and vocals , david jenkins as vocalist and on guitar , and steve price on drums ) and it 's a beautiful day ( bud cockrell on bass and vocals ) .
6	track listing personnel phil lesh -- bass , vocals warren haynes -- guitar , vocals jimmy herring -- guitar john molo -- drums and percussion rob barraco -- keyboards , vocals michael kang -- violin on '' rock-n-roll blues '' limited edition there and back again was released in two different versions , the regular album , and a limited edition album .
18	it was made up of the following musicians : karol szymanowski ( vibes ) , andrzej kujawa ( bass ) , józef eljasz ( percussion ) .
15	paolo montarsolo ( 16 march 1925 - 31 august 2006 ) was an italian operatic bass particularly associated with buffo roles .
56	brian vander ark -- lead vocals , acoustic guitar on tracks 3-6 , 8 and 9 ; classical guitar on '' go to sleep now '' donny brown -- drums , background vocals , percussion , synthesizer ; keyboards on '' when one became two '' and '' only one of you '' john connors -- bass lou musa -- electric guitar on '' wake up '' , '' cereal '' , '' only one of you '' and '' suppertime !
81	personnel james brown - lead vocal with the james brown band : mckinley '' mack '' johnson - trumpet ron tooley - trumpet robert knight - trumpet joe dupars - trumpet wilmer milton - trombone nat jones - alto saxophone eldee williams - tenor saxophone st. clair pinckney - tenor saxophone al '' brisco '' clark - tenor saxophone maceo parker - baritone saxophone lucas '' fats '' gonder or bobby byrd - organ les buie - guitar bernard odum - bass melvin parker - drums other recordings performances of '' out of sight '' appear on the album live at the garden and in the concert film t.a.m.i . show .
9	she is an irish music lover and a great bass player .
28	members current members alexander '' alle '' hagman -- vocal jimmy tikkanen -- guitar daniel holmgren -- guitar matte modin -- drums andreas '' josse '' johansson -- bass former members marco eronen - guitars oskar karlsson -- drums peter '' pita '' karlsson - drums petri '' pecka '' rönnberg - guitars '' peson '' - guitars discography studio albums fuel ( 1998 ) ignoring the guidelines ( 2000 ) dedication ( 2002 ) sound of the republic ( 2006 ) veil of ignorance ( 2009 ) from the north ( 2015 ) ep you 're not like me ( 1994 ) stronger than ever ( 1996 ) compilations heartattack vol .
11	track listing personnel john scofield - electric guitar steve swallow - bass adam nussbaum - drums notes out like a light is the sister album to shinola as both recordings contain material from the munich concerts of december 1981 .
20	history style and success the song 's signature is a keyboard mantra that continually swells and swirls , driven by bass - heavy beats and wah-wah pedal guitars .
45	the wizard then predicts that the message will arrive in the mind of another minstrel at the end of the 20th century ... track listing personnel ayreon arjen anthony lucassen - vocals ( tracks 7 , 10 , 11 & 15 ) , guitar , bass , keyboards , synthesizer , drums , percussion , timpani , audio mixing , sleeve design & photography vocals barry hay on '' sail away to avalon .
12	history formation and early years in 1979 , songwriter jorge gonzález ( bass , lead vocals ) , miguel tapia ( drums , backing vocals ) and claudio narea ( guitar , backing vocals ) , met during their first year of high school or secondary education as it is known in chile .
6	tobias had previously played guitar and bass in the band squealer and would also go on to perform both roles in his side-project , taraxacum , which was active between 2000 and 2005 .
22	r.v. had just finished seven years of schooling at the prestigious paris conservatoire , and was now able to play guitar , bass , accordion , and keyboard .
9	'' their current instrumentation consists of two guitar , bass , and synthesizer .
20	otto edelmann ( february 5 , 1917 , vienna -- may 14 , 2003 , vienna ) was an austrian bass .
18	daryl mark stuermer ( born november 27 , 1952 ) is an american musician who plays guitar and bass for genesis during live shows , and lead guitar for phil collins during most of his solo tours and albums .
20	he led a band , also known as the ghetto brothers , which included his late brother victor melendez on bass .
7	personnel geddy lee - lead vocals , bass , synthesizer alex lifeson - guitar neil peart - drums , percussion terry brown -- engineer hugh syme -- design george graves -- mastering on original album bob ludwig -- remastering remaster details a remaster was issued in 1997 .
24	charts and certification personnel michael bruno - lead vocals , guitar jason rosen - vocals , guitar , keyboard andrew lee - vocals , bass alexander noyes - vocals , drums the jonas brothers lent their vocals to a number of tracks on this album .
25	band members selene vigil-wilk -- vocals stefanie sargent -- guitar ( 1990 1992 ) ( died on june 27 , 1992 ) elizabeth davis -- bass valerie agnew -- drums roisin dunne -- guitar ( 1992 1996 ) lisa faye beatty -- guitar ( 1997 ) ( died on november 25 , 2011 ) discography albums sick 'em ( c/z records , 1992 ) .
35	this was due partly to a lineup change : founding member and frequent songwriter james nunn had left the group the previous year , leaving guitarists scott sheldon and eric davis to fill in on bass , along with studio bassist hedge .
14	the minstrels ' main soloists were baritone dai francis , tenor john boulter and bass tony mercer .
21	track listing personnel ; eleventyseven matt langston - lead vocals , guitar , synthesizer , programming , producer davey davenport - bass johnathan stephens - drums kyle lee - mixing nathan dantzler - mastering ronnie johnson - art direction / design courtney thompson - band photography music videos notes the ep marks bassist davey davenport 's first work with the band , after former bassist caleb satterfield left the group to focus on his marriage in mid-2010 .
15	the role of don quichotte was one of the most notable achievements of the russia bass feodor chaliapin , for whom the role was specifically conceived .
22	it is composed by gustavo gonzález ( vocalist ) , javier morales ( guitar ) , carlos '' toro '' ortiz ( bass ) , carlos colón ( keyboards ) , and gabriel calero ( drums ) .
14	don reid sang lead ; harold reid , don 's older brother , sang bass ; phil balsley sang baritone ; and lew dewitt sang tenor and was the guitarist of the statlers before being replaced by jimmy fortune in 1983 due to dewitt 's ill health .
7	in soda stereo , zeta played the bass and backing vocals .
19	street beat was a danish band formed in 1982 by henrik carlsen ( keyboards ) and bo møller ( bass ) .
28	lyrically , '' talk about our love '' is about a relationship that lacks support by family and friends ; the music consists of an arrangement using a bass , keyboards , drums , and string instruments , the latter of which were provided by israel violinist miri ben-ari .
36	pablo cruise is a pop / rock band currently composed of david jenkins ( guitar and vocals ) , cory lerios ( keyboards and vocals ) , steve price ( drums ) and larry antonino ( bass and vocals ) .
39	the founding members of the kubasonics were brian , brian 's brother - paul cherwick ( drums ) , brian 's late wife - beth cherwick ( violin ) , jay lind ( guitar ) and bill yacey ( bass ) .
28	'' michaels ' sentiment was later echoed by tim armstrong : footnotes band members jesse michaels - lead vocals lint - guitar , backing vocals matt mccall - bass , backing vocals dave mello - drums , backing vocals cameo studio appearance pat mello - backing vocals discography albums and eps compilation appearances note : these are compilation albums featuring multiple artists .
27	band history formation the hippos formed in los angeles , california in 1995 with a lineup of ariel rechtshaid on vocals and guitar , james bairian on bass , louis castle on trumpet , rich zahniser and danny rukasin on trombone , and kyle briggs on drums .
28	the album 's primary musicians are : jack johnson ( vocals / guitar / piano ) , adam topol ( drums / percussion ) and merlo podlewski ( bass ) .
17	track listing personnel jón þór birgisson -- vocals , guitar kjartan sveinsson -- keyboards georg hólm -- bass orri páll dýrason -- drums strings : amiina ( on tracks 2,3,4,5,8 and 9 , recorded in kjartan sveinsson 's livingroom and langholtskirkja ) hildur ársælsdóttir edda rún ólafsdóttir maria huld markan sigfúsdóttir sólrún sumarliðadóttir brass ( on tracks 2 , 4 and 11 ) performed by : e. friðfinnsson helgi hrafn jónsson i.g. erlendsson k. håkonarson samúel jón samúelsson s. sigurðarson s.j. bernharðsson tambourine , claps and other noises by siggi frendi , höddi gunni , john best , sunray and breeze .
29	the '' gloria '' portion takes up the vast majority of the work and is split up into operatic-style '' numbers '' , soprano soloists alternating with tenors , bass , etc. .
15	the band 's members include shogo on vocals , kazya on guitar , isakick on bass and yoshiaki on drums .
31	history mountain standard time was originally formed as a four piece string band , composed of adam pause on banjo , stan sutton on mandolin and guitar , curly collins on bass , and phillip dyer on mandolin and guitar .
36	- yahoo.com nokia - nokia.com nokia/hp - visualradio.com - 2007 fis world cup snowboard - nokiazine.net - 2007 technology : palm smartphones - palm.com nokia n series - nokia.com personnel schpilkas - keyboards , guitar , bass , drums deuxo in 2006 , schpilkas formed an electronic pop collaboration and production team called deuxo , with fellow los angeles composer / musician / producer jaye luckett of poperratic .
21	instrumentation and structure the instrumentation reflects the festive occasion for which it was written : soprano , alto , tenor and bass soloists , four-part choir , solo organ and an orchestra consisting of three trumpet , timpani , two oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
28	credits and personnel slimmy -- songwriter , guitar , producer , and vocals quico serrano - recording , mixing mark turner - recording , producer paulo garim -- bass tó-zé -- drums gustavo silva -- keyboards daniel santos -- guitar credits adapted from be someone else album liner notes .
22	jake one , for example , made a remix of the song '' crew cuts '' , adding a more instrumental and bass direction .
15	men are usually divided into four groups : countertenor , tenor , baritone , and bass .
30	the b-side was one of numan 's few non-original pieces , the first movement of erik satie 's '' trois gymnopedies , '' in an arrangement that added guitar , bass and synthesizer to the original 's solo piano part .
7	sen. trent lott ( r-mississippi ) -- bass history beginnings in 1995 , at new hampshire senator bob smith 's birthday party , ashcroft , jeffords , lott , and connie mack of florida sang '' happy birthday '' .
19	members shane hicks - vocals , and guitar andrew walter - drums jed a. walters - keys , and bass joined mid 2010 past member - rick demarco - drums discography abused blues ep ( jan - 2006 ) sweet misery ( plus one records , p1-18 , 8 november 2008 ) in stereo ( plus one records , p1-32 , june 2011 ) the depths ( march 2013 ) critical reception 2013 bio : the depths is the third album by brisbane based australian band , the blackwater fever .
20	the group is composed of members tony jj ( vocals ) , d. frans ( guitar ) , artyom ( bass ) and morten ( drums ) .
34	track listing ; cd single personnel ; black veil brides andy biersack -- lead vocals jake pitts -- lead guitar jinxx -- rhythm guitar , violin , cello , backing vocals ashley purdy -- bass , backing vocals christian '' cc '' coma -- drums patrick fogarty - director in popular culture the song is featured in the soundtrack to ea 's video game nhl 14 .
4	band members matatabi - bass , vocals , leader , lyrics , composer kuroneko - vocals , lyrics maneki - guitar , backing vocals karukan - guitar support members dobashi makoto - drums , percussion abe masahiro - keyboards former members atsushi '' tora '' kawatsuka - drums , percussion ( 1999 -- 2009 ) stage names each of the band member 's stage names feature a double entendre with a sense of humor and make references to cat .
0	bass player cory betts was a member of pegazus , a melbourne power metal band that had toured europe in 1998 , although he did not join that band until early 1999 .
16	the band is composed of errol '' budoy '' marabiles on vocals , tiano evangelista on bass , archie ybañez on guitar , bangin atienza on turntable , gina pestaño on keyboards , cleofas quijano on trombone and diana freese on drums .
30	harry nilsson track listing worldwide single ep ( portugal ) chart performance certifications personnel harry nilsson - vocals gary wright - piano john uribe - acoustic guitar klaus voormann - bass jim keltner - drums paul buckmaster - string and horn arrangement mariah carey version mariah carey 's version , based on harry nilsson 's version rather than the badfinger original , was released as the third single of music box in the first quarter of 1994 , and in the united states it was released on 24 january 1994 , just over a week after nilsson had died following a heart attack on 15 january 1994 .
12	studios , pompano beach , fl , the vocals , keyboards , bass and additional guitars were recorded ( apr -- may 2009 ) .
27	band history formation , demos and ensiferum ( 1992 − 2002 ) ensiferum was founded in 1995 by markus toivonen ( guitar ) , sauli savolainen ( bass ) and kimmo miettinen ( drum ) .
23	personnel ringo starr lead vocal , piano , drums , percussion george harrison backing vocal , lead guitar paul mccartney backing vocal , bass , piano john lennon rhythm guitar , backing vocals re-release the song was re-released in 2006 on the beatles album love , which contained remixes of classic beatles songs .
9	mickey has played electric guitar , acoustic guitar , bass , keys , synthesizer , percussion , programmed and sung background vocals on major album projects for george strait , trace adkins , joe nichols , reba mcentire , steven tyler , billy gilman , country strong ( soundtrack ) , heidi newfield , katrina elam , jeff bates , act of valor ( soundtrack ) , chuck wicks , kevin fowler , thomas rhett , andy griggs , kristen kelly and more .
32	since its inception in 2000 , the band 's line-up has consisted of gabby alipe ( vocals , guitar ) , john dinopol ( guitar , vocals ) , and lalay ( bass , vocals ) .
3	although primarily a bass player , he plays several instruments , including the guitar and keyboards , and has done extensive arranging .
24	the kingbees were danny kortchmar ( credited as danny kootch ) ( guitar ) , joel o'brien ( drum ) , dickie frank ( bass ) and john mcduffy ( vocals and organ ) .
53	types of operatic aria became known by a variety of terms according to their character -- e.g. aria parlante ( ` speaking-style ' , narrative in nature ) , aria di bravura ( typically given to a heroine ) , aria buffa ( aria of a comic type , typically given to a bass or bass-baritone ) , and so on .
52	new cool collective is a dutch musical ensemble founded in 1994 , core members are benjamin herman ( sax ) , joost kroon ( drums ) , frank van dok ( percussion ) , willem friede ( keyboard / arranger ) , jos de haas ( percussion ) , leslie lopez ( bass ) and david rockefeller ( trumpet ) .
27	history frakctalisation ( 1997 -- 1999 ) projekct one ( 1997 ) ( robert fripp - guitar , trey gunn - warr guitar , tony levin - bass , bill bruford - drums ) projekct one began as a suggestion by bruford to robert fripp that they do some improvisational shows together .
31	masuda is perhaps best known as the composer of the 2002 hit anime series naruto where he combined traditional instruments like the shamisen and shakuhachi together with guitar , drums , bass , piano and other keyboard instruments along with chanting .
28	personnel musicians miles davis -- trumpet , leader julian '' cannonball '' adderley -- alto saxophone john coltrane -- tenor saxophone bill evans -- piano paul chambers -- bass jimmy cobb -- drums production teo macero -- producer larry keyes -- engineer , remastering ira gitler -- liner notes mike berniker -- reissue , digital producer release history this album was originally released in 1974 ( not 1958 ) on cbs/sony records , 1958 miles has had a straight forward release history .
28	the four-piece band has recently relocated to southern california , and consists of adam redding ( guitar ) , kaleb saldate ( drums ) , keoni chock ( bass ) , and david mast ( vocals ) .
10	track listing personnel band members kip winger - vocals , bass , acoustics , keys reb beach -- guitar , vocals john roth -- guitar , vocals cenk eroglu -- keys , guitar and effects rod morgenstein - drum additional personnel denny mcdonald - additional background vocals paula winger - additional background vocals credits produced , engineered and mixed by kip winger additional engineers : tony green , matt abbott and john roth pro-tools engineers : buckley miller and steve warren recorded at the funky white house , nashville , tn and quad studios , nashville , tn mastered by richard dodd cover art design : ethan van sciver color artist : moose baumann layout design : pete cotutsca photos by mark delong references sources sound samples from the album .
4	mike sammes sings a bass vocal harmony on the song .
23	formed in 1998 , the black seeds perform with eight members , with instruments including vocals , guitar , saxophone , trumpet , bass , drums , bongos , keyboard and wood block .
6	he plays piano , guitar , bass and drums and also does vocals .
14	joseph a. rouleau , ( born february 28 , 1929 ) is a french-canadian bass opera singer , particularly associated with the italian and french repertories .
13	david ward , cbe ( 1922-1983 ) was an opera singer with a bass voice .
15	personnel mike muir -- lead vocals grant estes -- guitar a ) louiche mayorga -- bass , backing vocals amery smith -- drums production glen e. friedman -- producer , photography randy burns -- engineer dee zee -- artwork mark stern -- lyric sheet typesetting reissues suicidal tendencies has been reissued a number of times , with formats in different countries ( see the table below ) .
3	he also played bass for his sister .
64	members include nine core members ; elliot bergman ( saxophone , percussion , electric mbira , and electric sawblade gamelan ) , erik hall ( guitar , nu-tone cymbals , and drum ) , quin kirchner ( congas , drums , percussion ) , dan bennett ( baritone saxophone , percussion ) , justin walter ( trumpet , wah-wah ) , jake vinsel ( bass ) .
16	personnel adrian belew -- fretted guitar , fretless guitar robert fripp -- guitar tony levin -- bass , stick , synth bill bruford -- acoustic and electric drumming part iv part iv was first released on 2000 's the construkction of light ; it is the second-longest part of the epic at just over nine minutes .
14	norman scott ( 1921 -- september 22 , 1968 ) was an american opera bass .
20	the album is the band 's first to feature singer and bandleader blackie lawless playing guitar , having switched from bass to rhythm .
13	the band consists of cheetie kumar ( guitar ) , david mueller ( bass ) , scott nurkin ( drums ) , and paul siler ( guitar ) .
28	limited edition dvd line-up mikkel sandager - vocals jakob mølbjerg - guitars martin buus - lead guitars morten sandager - keys mike park - drums special guest appearances bass on album -- jacob hansen guest vocals on redefine me -- björn '' speed '' strid ( from soilwork ) guest vocals on soul decision -- marcus bischoff ( from heaven shall burn ) credits all music written and arranged by mercenary .
17	esoteric completed their line-up in mid-2003 , including andy semmens ( drums ) and mark bodossian ( bass ) .
8	abuelo spent ten years in europe , until bass player cachorro lópez , who was a popular session musician with reggae and funk bands , convinced him to return to argentina for a second incarnation of the abuelos .
13	additionally , a slimmed down offshoot of the group , featuring hone on bass , guitarist dave brock and drummer richard chadwick , in 2012 released a separate album , stellar variations , under the moniker hawkwind light orchestra .
5	juantxu olano , mongol : bass .
23	'' the song is a playable track in the 2008 music video game guitar hero world tour as the opening song for the bass career .
39	its members are orlando leopard ( lead vocals , guitar , keyboard , organ ) , ella girardot ( lead vocals , keyboards , organ ) and brothers elliot ( drum , backing vocals ) and hamish barnes ( bass , backing vocals ) .
18	'' credits and personnel instruments christian ballard - drums , percussion tim hawes - guitar pete kirtley - bass andrew murray - keyboards thomas troelsen - keyboards deborah ffrench - backing vocals production producers : peter biker , jiant , pete '' boxsta '' martin , remee , snowflakes , thomas troelsen vocal assistance : christian ballard , andrew murray , remee engineer : andrew lunch , claus üblacker , hanif wiliams programming : thomas troelsen mixing : andreas hviid , jiant , peter mark , mad nilsson , snowflakes charts and certifications weekly charts certifications release history cover versions spanish singer soraya arnelas covered the song '' rebound '' on her 4th album sin miedo .
16	its members were milenko stefanović - clarinet , vojislav đonović - guitar and aleksandar nećak - bass .
18	track listing personnel ; rainbow ritchie blackmore - guitar ( fender strat , marshall ) roger glover - bass ( hondo longhorn 4 & 8 string ) , producer joe lynn turner - vocals bobby rondinelli - drums ( yamaha , sonor & paiste ) david rosenthal - keyboards ( oberheim , moog , roland , hammond & hohner ) , orchestral arrangements ; additional musicians francois dompierre - orchestra conductor raymond dessaint - orchestra lead ; production engineered by nick blagona ( assisted by robbie whelan ) recorded at le studio , morin heights , canada digital mixing by roger glover and nick blagona digital mastering by greg calbi , sterling sound , new york charts ; album ; singles certifications in other media the song '' stone cold '' was featured in the video game on the radio station .
32	in other words , choral music was designed to be broken down into four vocal sections and it is the sections themselves that are labeled soprano , alto , tenor , and bass and not the individual singers .
19	they soon recruited roberts 's younger brother anthony '' bones '' roberts on lead guitar , nigel bamford on bass and anthony '' akko '' axon on drums .
17	anette olzon - vocals tuomas holopainen - keyboards , piano emppu vuorinen - guitar marco hietala - bass , vocals ( on track 1 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 9 , 10 , 11 & 12 ) jukka nevalainen - drums , percussion guest musicians called fellow imagineers in the booklet .
11	in 1982 margita stefanović ( keyboards ) , bojan pečar ( bass ) and ivan vdović vd joined the band .
11	music finch began her musical career in the mid 1980s playing bass in the san francisco - based all-female band called sugar baby doll ( or variously , sugar babylon ) .
39	, '' and '' frozen smiles '' ; piano on '' page 43 , '' '' games , '' and '' girl to be on my mind '' ; organ on '' stranger 's room '' leland sklar -- bass on '' whole cloth , '' '' stranger 's room , '' '' where will i be ?
29	track listing personnel stiv bators - lead vocals jimmy zero - guitar , background vocals johnny blitz - drums cheetah chrome - guitar , background vocals jeff magnum - bass felix pappalardi - background vocals dee dee ramone - background vocals joey ramone - background vocals cover versions punk band electric frankenstein covered '' 3rd generation nation '' on their album annie 's grave ' .
3	she originally played bass but performed poorly at it .
20	credits mike muir -- vocals rocky george -- guitar r.j. herrera -- drums mike clark -- guitar bob heathcote -- bass recorded at cherokee studios , hollywood , usa produced by mark dodson and suicidal tendencies engineered by mark dodson and mike bosley chart positions album billboard ( north america ) trivia actor john cusack appears in the video for trip at the brain .
14	'' isis and osiris '' , on which charlie haden replaces cecil mcbee on bass , and vishnu wood plays oud , indicates coltrane 's interest in middle east and north africa music and culture .
29	the band consisted of mark griffiths and dave jenkins on guitar , alan greed on lead vocals and organ , roger swallow on drums , and steve miller on bass and backing vocals .
18	thomas welsh ( c. 1780 - 24 or 31 january 1848 ) was an english composer and opera bass .
15	other previous members include paul knight ( vocals / bodhran ) and brian dwyer ( bass ) .
13	personnel mark mothersbaugh -- guitar , keyboards , vocals gerald v. casale -- bass , keyboards , vocals bob mothersbaugh -- guitar , vocals bob casale -- guitar , keyboards , vocals alan myers -- drums technical personnel ken scott -- producer , engineer bernie grundman -- mastering engineer singles '' the day my baby gave me a surprize '' / '' penetration in the centrefold '' '' secret agent man '' / '' soo bawlz '' trivia the song '' the day my baby gave me a surprize '' was covered by american rock band spinnerette as a b-side on their 2009 single '' baptized by fire '' as well as by the vandals .
37	this is the most common kind of written music used by professional session musician playing jazz or other forms of popular music and is intended primarily for the rhythm section ( usually containing piano , guitar , bass and drum ) .
23	the album featured p-funk members : tiki fulwood and cordell '' boogie '' mosson on drums , and bootsy collins and mosson on bass .
19	scoring and structure the piece is scored for four solo voices ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) and a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , two oboe , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
20	the band formed in auckland in 1979 , composed of vocalist tony drumm , guitarist michael o'neill , keyboard and bass player peter van der fluit and drummer '' laurence '' yoh '' landwer-johan .
28	the band was formed in 2006 as babygrand and consists of dominic scott ( vocals , guitar ) , alistair watson ( keyboard ) , andrew morgan ( bass ) , and benjamin salmon ( drums ) .
3	samy maluenda , bass ( 2009 - • ) .
12	in 1959 , giuffre led a trio featuring guitar jim hall and bass buddy clark on a concert in rome , italy , sharing the bill with gerry mulligan 's band .
16	performers jon bunch - vocals josh colbert - guitar derick cordoba - guitar chad neptune - bass steve kleisath - drums james wisner - keys , additional guitar album information record label : tooth & nail records all songs written by further seems forever .
34	track listing personnel dennis lee - screamed vocals shawn milke - clean vocals , piano , rhythm guitar patrick thompson - lead guitar jake campbell - lead guitar , backing vocals shane crump - bass , backing vocals jeremy bryan - drums charts trivia the song '' second guessing '' has a different name '' almost famous '' and was changed at the last time .
24	members kent norberg : lead vocals , guitar chips kiesbye : lead vocals , guitar hans gäfvert : keyboards , samples heikki kiviaho : bass , backing vocals michael solén : drums discography albums wanna start a fire !
10	the kalamazoo electric guitars were a series of electric and bass guitars produced by gibson during the 1960s and 1970s under gibson 's parent company chicago musical instruments .
19	he graduated from eldad high school in netanya and began to play the piano , guitar , drums and bass .
5	: guitars craig adams : bass smiley : drums mark taylor : piano , hammond organ , keyboards founding members mike peters dave sharp : guitars - born david kitchingman , 28 january 1959 , salford , england .
18	roles dryada ( contralto ) graf gerold ( tenor ) guntram von bornhofen ( baritone ) ratto ( bass ) rheingraf boland von sternberg ( baritone ) silvana ( soprano ) recordings complete recording of the opera , conducted by gerhard markson ( on the marco polo label ) .
16	band members -- vocals , rhythm guitar -- lead guitar , piano , backing vocals -- bass , screams -- drums equipment ; sugawara guitars - esp esp snapper-s/al ( black , vintage white ) gibson les paul special edwards jr. .
5	early members included owens ( bass ) and mulholland ( drums ) .
3	percy heath -- bass art taylor -- drums december 16 , 1954 , fine sound studios , new york , side b track 1 .
28	track listing and writing credits personnel guy sebastian -- vocals , producer , background vocal arrangements steve cropper -- guitar , producer donald '' duck '' dunn -- bass steve potts -- drums lester snell -- piano , keys , horn arrangements rick steff -- organ jim spake -- tenor saxophone kirk smothers -- baritone saxophone scott thompson -- trumpet howard lamb -- trombone susan marshall -- background vocals jackie johnson -- background vocals carl dimatago -- additional guitar parts curry weber -- recording engineer alan burcham -- assistant engineer steve greenwell -- mixing engineer credits taken from the memphis album liner notes .
7	in the second section , drums , bass , and guitar enter , and the music becomes more consonant , resolving to the key of a minor through the use of d and a suspended second chords , as david gilmour sings a refrain of '' ooh , babe '' .
39	the first catholic hymnbook published in the united states came from philadelphia in 1787 , entitled litanies and vesper hymns and anthems as they are sung in the catholic church ; this collection included music scored for treble and bass , with later editions adding a third vocal section , and used highly ornamented plainchant themes in the mass and hymns .
22	it was released on deep purple 's record label '' purple records '' , and was produced by the rolling stones ' bass player bill wyman .
33	structure unlike the christmas oratorio , the easter oratorio has no narrator but has four characters assigned to the four voice parts : simon peter ( tenor ) and john the apostle ( bass ) , appearing in the first duet hurrying to jesus ' grave and finding it empty , meeting there mary magdalene ( alto ) and '' the other mary '' , mary jacobe ( soprano ) .
27	) ; iron maiden bruce dickinson -- lead vocals dave murray -- guitar adrian smith -- guitar , backing vocals janick gers -- guitar steve harris -- bass , backing vocals nicko mcbrain -- drums , percussion rod smallwood andy taylor john jackson at k2 agency ltd. bruce dickinson , steve harris and janick gers in costa rica .
18	the rest of the live band is made up of dan coggins on guitar , ben thomas on bass , naomi hart on keyboard , sarah scott on vocals and bernard moss of pork recordings on flute and alto sax .
27	in most cases , a multi-instrumentalist will play several types of keyboard and plucked string instruments , such as piano , synthesizer , organ , guitar , bass and mandolin , and perhaps also percussion and drums .
12	track listing personnel jacob lovatt -- guitar , vocals raydale dower -- bass matthew black -- drums david philp - guitar on all tracks except black hat , 2-fiddy , whalin ' and the train jamie bolland - keyboards on all tracks except 2-fiddy and the train andrew hobson -- guitar on black hat , 2-fiddy , whalin ' and the train nic denholm -- keyboards on 2-fiddy and the train engineers : frederick baggs and geoff allan recorded at : redchurch recordings , london , england ( tracks 1-8 , 13 , 16 , 18-21 ) and cava studios , glasgow , scotland ( tracks 9-12 , 14 , 15 , 17 ) .
30	track listing personnel ronald isley : vocals rudolph isley : background vocals kelly isley : background vocals ernie isley : electric guitar , rhythm guitar and drums marvin isley : bass chris jasper : electric piano , arp synthesizers and keyboards charts singles samples & covers ice cube sampled '' footsteps in the dark '' on his song '' it was a good day '' on his album the predator in 1992 .
21	track listing personnel ; eye empire donald carpenter - lead vocals b.c. kochmit - guitar , backing vocals corey lowery - bass , backing vocals ryan bennett - drums on '' angels & demons , '' do n't lie to me , '' '' moment , '' '' revolution , '' '' hopeless , '' '' obvious , '' and '' inside the light , '' as well as all of the acoustic and live tracks .
15	scoring and structure the cantata is intimately scored for soprano , alto , tenor and bass soloists , four-part choir and a small orchestra of two violin , bassoon obbligato , and basso continuo .
22	the sounds of definite or indefinite time obey the fabric of their voices , divided into soprano , alto , tenor and bass .
39	critical reception brian wahlert of country standard time criticized some of the songs on 4 runner for '' cop ( ying ) the worst pop elements '' of the oak ridge boys , but said that the presence of bass singer jim chapman gave the material a '' fresh sound .
21	another conception is that the was by john wall callcott in about 1790 as a glee for two treble and a bass .
37	the multiple-lead arrangement became a boyz ii men trademark , and it became typical to hear wanya morris ' vibrato-heavy tenor , shawn stockman 's tenor voice , nathan morris ' baritone , and michael mccary 's bass ( often used in spoken-word sections of many boyz ii men hits ) trading bars in each song .
14	i was also a professional rock musician for a couple of years , playing bass and guitar .
55	background pärson sound , international harvester and harvester the band pärson sound was formed during the summer of 1967 , then consisting of bo anders persson ( guitar ) , thomas tidholm ( vocals , saxophone , flute ) , arne ericsson ( cello ) , urban yman ( violin ) , torbjörn abelli ( bass ) and thomas mera gartz ( drums ) .
23	' '' personnel john lennon lead and harmony vocals , rhythm guitar , hammond organ george harrison backing vocal , lead guitar , bass ringo starr drums , shaker music the song is in the key of b flat mixolydian , based on three chords : b flat ( i ) , a flat ( flat-vii ) , and e flat ( iv ) .
17	the participants were alf ( song ) , harald ( song , mandolin ) , elä ( bass ) , steffe ( guitar ) , björn ( drums ) , totte ( banjo ) , karin ( accordion ) , majje ( whistle ) , viktor ( trombone ) , rikard ( trumpet ) and martin ( saxophone ) .
15	ease of working and good acoustic properties also make it popular for electric guitar and bass bodies and wind instrument such as recorders .
23	scoring and structure to express the praise of the words , the cantata is festively scored for soprano , alto , tenor and bass soloists and a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , three oboe , oboe da caccia , oboe d'amore , recorder , bassoon , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
22	track listing personnel katrina leskanich - rhythm guitar , vocals kimberley rew - lead guitar , vocals vince de la cruz - bass , additional guitars , vocals alex cooper - drums , vocals with : john earle - brass richard edwards - brass nick glennie-smith - keyboards dick hanson - brass eamon fitzpatrick - brass arrangement '' is that it ?
2	paul bushnell bass .
59	for the earliest singles ( 1981 's '' me and mr. sanchez '' , and 1982 's '' klactoveesedstein '' ) , the group was a six-piece : sullivan , christos tolera ( vocals ) , mark reilly ( guitars ) , mike lloyd bynoe a.k.a. '' choco mick '' ( drums and timbales ) , kito poncioni ( bass ) and geraldo d'arbilly ( percussion ) .
12	handel used four voice parts , soprano , alto , tenor and bass in the solo and choral movements .
26	the assembly of the choir is ssaattbb ( 1 and 2 soprano , 1 and 2 alto , 1 and 2 tenor , 1 and 2 bass ) .
51	band members ( born january 21 , 1985 , osaka , blood type : a ) vocals and guitar ( born february 26 , 1985 , osaka , blood type : ab ) guitar and backing vocals ( born november 27 , 1984 , osaka , blood type : a ) bass ( born february 27 , 1984 , hyōgo , blood type : o ) drums discography singles album dvd concerts/tours flumpool tour 2009 unreal ( february 19 -- march 7 , 2009 ) flumpool tour 2009 '' unclose '' ( july 8 -- september 5 , 2009 ) flumpool tour 2009 unclose special !
4	he performed vocals , bass , guitar , bones , mandolin , fiddle , accordion and harmonica .
27	members ; current ( as of september 2014 ) adrian galvin - vocals , banjo , production ( 2013 -- present ) luca buccellati - vocals , bass , production ( 2013 -- present ) discography eps singles remixes the following is an incomplete list of remixes by other artists of yellerkin songs .
16	members noah watson - vocals , drums , guitar greg combs - guitar keld ewart - bass rob schilz - drums steve littleton - keyboards biography live oak decline began in 2001 when combs , ewart , and watson moved into a house together on live oak street in austin , texas .
7	he also playeded flute , keyboards and bass while in the us air force , and launched his singing career while at clarke air force base in the philippines .
14	the band is vla doom ( vocals and guitar ) , klim end ( bass ) , mic hail ( drums ) , bo betz ( laptop , machines and keyboards ) and d echo ( guitar and vocals ) .
11	personnel mark knopfler -- guitar , lead vocals john illsley -- bass , backing vocals alan clark -- keyboards guy fletcher -- synthesizer , backing vocals terry williams -- drums omar hakim -- drums sting -- backing vocals production music knopfler modelled his guitar sound for the recorded track after zz top guitarist billy gibbons ' trademark guitar tone , as zz top 's music videos were already a staple of early mtv .
12	one of the four guitarists present filled in for klaus voormann on bass when his flight from germany was delayed .
13	instant death was a rock duo , with members dave dreiwitz ( on bass ) and scott byrne ( on drums ) formed in 1991 .
18	saint louis symphony orchestra and chorus , conducted by leonard slatkin in 1977 , with arnold voketaitis , bass , reproduced on cd on vox cdx 5021 ( rendered as '' lieutenant kizheh '' ) london philharmonic orchestra , conducted by klaus tennstedt .
47	the single was released on the dragonaire 's own dragon 's breath label in jamaica , and was the second release on the blue beat label in the united kingdom , and was unusual for a jamaican single as it featured an electric organ and a fender bass which lee had purchased during a visit to the united states - the first such instruments ever seen on the island .
37	musicians the performers on the album were mayall on vocals , harmonica , a slide and a fender telecaster guitar , a tambourine , and mouth percussion , jon mark on acoustic guitar , steve thompson on bass , and johnny almond on tenor and alto saxophone , flute , and mouth percussion .
3	terrance coleman - bass , keyboard , acoustic guitar michael fitzgerald - soprano , alto , and tenor saxophone , and keyboards ben monroe - drums and percussion brian white - acoustic guitar , electric guitar , and midi guitars , and keyboards in addition , several special guests made contributions to casino .
7	he also played violin , cello , bass , guitar , saxophone , and drums , amongst others .
21	members mick coogan vocals , synthesizer kevin bayly guitars , synthesizer , programming jon jester drums david '' moose '' kuehl bass discography eps the dance party ep ( 2005 ) tigers ( 2009 ) albums friction !
28	among the singers in barbaia 's company for whom rossini wrote a number of roles during this period were the tenor giovanni david and andrea nozzari , the bass michele benedetti and the great mezzo-soprano isabella colbran .
12	the memphis mudcats attempted to modernize the traditional jug band ; a bass was used instead of the jug , and the saxophone replaced the harmonica .
36	track listing credits pat d'andrea -- lead vocals , guitar clark harrison - lead guitar , backing vocals nick scalise -- drums , percussion owen toomey aka o-boats -- piano , backing vocals greg shanahan -- bass , backing vocals contributions patrick stump ( fall out boy ) -- additional vocals on '' second chances '' .
16	the group 's lineup is juris kulakovs ( keyboard , compositions ) , juris sējāns ( bass , vocals ) , leons sējāns ( lead guitar ) , ieva akurātere ( vocals ) , raimonds bartaševics ( vocals ) , dainis strazdiņš ( drum ) .
7	after starting with guitar he also learned bass and saxophone .
51	track listing all tracks written by jimmy destri side a : side b : personnel jimmy destri - vocals , keyboards , guitar , backing vocals clem burke - drums tommy morrongiello - left guitar earl slick - center guitar carlos alomar - right guitar , backing vocals john siegler - bass michael kamen - keyboards , backing vocals chris stein - harmonica , lead guitar on '' little metal drummer '' donna destri - backing vocals debbie harry - backing vocals sasha kamen - backing vocals joey wilson - backing vocals production michael kamen - producer for mother fortune inc. recorded in new york at the hit factory .
17	robert easton ( 8 june 1898 , in sunderland , england - 1987 ) was a british bass of the mid-twentieth century .
13	personnel john lennon double-tracked vocal , rhythm guitar paul mccartney harmony vocal , bass george harrison harmony vocal , lead guitar ringo starr drums , tambourine , bells george martin piano ; personnel notes a macdonald was unsure if starr played bells .
22	personnel george harrison -- vocals , dobro , backing vocals gary wright -- electric piano nicky hopkins -- piano klaus voormann -- bass jim keltner -- drums notes citations sources dale c. allison jr. , the love there that 's sleeping : the art and spirituality of george harrison , continuum ( new york , ny , 2006 ; isbn 978-0-8264-1917-0 ) .
23	members julie murphy wells - vocals robbie schaefer - guitar , vocals eddie hartness - percussion , vocals michael clem - guitar , bass , harmonica , vocals history name notwithstanding , the band is not from ohio .
34	with neutral milk hotel koster joined jeff mangum , scott spillane and jeremy barnes to record the second neutral milk hotel album , in the aeroplane over the sea , on which he played bass , banjo and singing saw .
20	calling themselves the hacienda brothers , they were joined by dave berzansky ( pedal steel ) , hank maninger ( bass , also with the aqua velvets ) , and dale daniel ( drums ) .
10	) ; fl 1698 -- 1744 ) was an italian bass singer though in modern terms a baritone of the 18th century .
27	) personnel christopher buzby -- keyboards and backing vocals brett kull -- guitars , lead & backing vocals paul ramsey -- drums and percussion ray weston -- bass , lead and backing vocals sarah green -- flute jian shen -- clarinet emily botel-barnard -- violin 1 jarnosh armer -- violin 2 jonathan atkins -- cello eric huber -- vibraphone , marimba , timpani and tambourine jordan perlson -- percussion jersey tomato in 2003 echolyn released an official bootleg recording titled jersey tomato vol . 2 ( live at the metlar bodine museum ) where mei is included as the ninth and last track .
16	from these derive both the modern terms '' alto '' ( and contralto ) and '' bass '' .
10	members sokabe keiichi - vocals , guitar tanaka takashi - bass maruyama harushige - drums history the band formed in 1992 , originally made up of keiichi , takashi and other members .
11	the romance itself persisted only in tenor ' repertoire until the bass singer boris shtokolov broke the custom .
17	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , corno da caccia , two oboe , oboe da caccia , two violins , viola , violetta ( alternative in a later performance ) and basso continuo .
5	she contributed vocals and occasionally bass to the albums bright flight , tanglewood numbers , and lookout mountain , lookout sea , .
18	personnel david gilmour -- acoustic guitar , electric guitar processed through delay , lead vocals roger waters -- bass , backing vocals rick wright -- mellotron , hammond organ , backing vocals nick mason -- percussion covers mark lanegan used to cover this song during his acoustic tour in 2010 .
14	paul jarvis -- vocals , lead guitar , acoustic guitar , electric guitar , bass , songwriter .
17	you kind of see how far you can go sometimes ... we figured we already had a bass and singers so we really did n't need any more musicians .
10	track listing personnel sting -- lead and backing vocals , bass , keyboards , saxophone on '' spirits in the material world '' andy summers -- electric guitar , keyboards stewart copeland -- drums , miscellaneous percussion , keyboards , drum programming on '' do n't stand so close to me ' 86 '' jean roussel - piano on '' every little thing she does is magic '' every breath you take : the classics in 1995 , m released every breath you take : the classics to replace the original album .
17	karel strakatý karel strakatý ( 2 july 1804 -- 26 april 1868 ) was a czech operatic bass who had a lengthy career at the estates theatre in prague from 1827 until his retirement in 1858 .
10	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for soprano and bass soloists , a four-part choir , two flute , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
35	a music video for a song from the new album , '' in remission '' , was released on february 18 , 2014 members greg barnett - guitar/vocals tom may - guitar/vocals eric keen - bass joe godino - drums discography albums a lesson in the abuse of information technology ( 2007 ) chamberlain waits ( 2010 ) on the impossible past ( 2012 ) rented world ( 2014 ) eps and singles hold on , dodge !
7	their recordings also feature wayne chaulk on bass or guitar , ray johnson on accordion or fiddle , and kevin blackmore on mandolin , fiddle , guitar , and any number of improvised percussion instruments including tupperware lids and garbage bags .
15	anthym 's original bassist was deemed unsatisfactory , so slovak began teaching flea to play bass .
11	track listing personnel john scofield - electric guitar steve swallow - bass adam nussbaum - drums notes this album was released on the japan subsidiary record label novus .
27	early life d'angelo was born in columbus , ohio , the daughter of priscilla ( née smith ) , a violin , and gene d'angelo , a bass player and television station manager .
14	biography order from chaos , a trio consisting of pete helmkamp ( vocals / bass ) , chuck keller ( guitar ) and mike miller ( drums ) , was formed in kansas city , missouri during 1987 , playing a mixture of old school thrash , black and death metal , influenced by the likes of venom , bathory and celtic frost .
13	jon brant ( born february 22 , 1955 in chicago ) was the bass player for the band cheap trick from 1981 to 1987 .
13	latch key kid creates his own signature sound by playing the guitar , bass , piano , drums , mandolin , and harmonica on his recordings .
12	with a baritone voice he can successfully hit notes well into the bass , tenor and the countertenor range .
29	bate 's band was unusually large for a string band , typically consisting of two fiddles , two guitars , a banjo , a cello , and a bowed bass .
44	to address this problem , mcguinn hired hillman 's cousin , kevin kelley ( formerly a member of the rising sons ) , as the band 's new drummer , and it was this three-piece line-up , with mcguinn on guitar and hillman on bass , that embarked on the early 1968 college tour .
32	formation and sons ltd the original incarnation of the novellos first met at newcastle under lyme school , the line-up saw mike thomas on guitar and vocal duties , adam steele on bass , richard dodd on guitar and keys and daniel ellwood on drums .
53	the soprano is a female who continuously has no luck when it comes to men ; the alto is depicted as a female who has suddenly abandoned her lover ; the tenor is portrayed as a male who is selfish and irresponsible when it comes to sexual relationships with women ; and the bass is one who is hopelessly in love with his married lover .
42	the merton parkas were a mod revival band , formed in the merton area of south london in the mid-1970s , by danny talbot ( vocals and guitar ) , his brother , mick talbot ( keyboards ) , neil hurrell ( bass ) and simon smith ( drum ) .
23	personnel ( credits lifted from the album liner notes ) ; mercyme bart millard - vocals robby shaffer - drums nathan cochran - bass mike scheuchzer - guitar barry graul - guitar jim bryson - piano , hammond b-3 , synthesizer ; additional performers matt slocum - cello ; technical f. reid shippen - recording , mixing mike o'connor - recording steve bishir - recording simon rhodes - recording andrew dudman - recording lee bridges - mixing peter kipley - producer ted jensen - mastering ; misc .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for four soloists , soprano , alto , tenor , and bass , a four-part choir , horn to play the cantus firmus with the soprano , oboe d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
23	biography the marbles had the following members : peter shapiro on lead guitar , steve dowler on rhythm guitar , david dugdale on bass and ray greenleaf on drums .
24	track listing original release personnel john curulewski -- guitar , arp , vocals dennis deyoung -- keyboards , arp , vocals chuck panozzo -- bass john panozzo -- percussion , drums , vocals james young -- guitar , vocals production producer : john ryan for chicago kid productions engineer : gary loizzo .
44	albums melodrom ( 2004 ) the guide ( 2006 ) variacije ( remixes ) ( 2008 ) vse kar si pustila da leži na tleh ( 2010 ) line-up mina špiler ( vocals ) matevž kolenc ( guitar , programming ) miha žargi ( bass ) matej nolda ( drums ) polona janežič ( keyboards ) .
13	members pedro suarez vertiz ( vocals , guitar ) patricio suarez vertiz ( bass ) christian meier ( keyboards ) arturo pomar jr. ( drums ) .
31	career the original band members were ron wilson ( drum , vocal ) , jim fuller ( lead guitar ) , bob berryhill ( rhythm guitar ) and pat connolly ( bass ) .
43	'' ruan ( solo piano ) '' - 3 : 42 recorded at avatar studio , new york city on november 9 , 1997 mark feldman -- violin marc ribot -- guitar erik friedlander -- cello min xiao-fen -- pipa greg cohen -- bass anthony coleman -- piano latin boys go to hell ( 1997 ) directed by ela troyano 12 .
41	'' on the cd version of the album personnel spencer sotelo -- lead vocals misha '' bulb '' mansoor -- guitar , programming , producer jake bowen -- guitar , programming alex bois -- guitar , backing vocals tom murphy -- bass , backing vocals matt halpern -- drums , percussion all instruments produced , mixed and mastered by misha mansoor all vocals recorded and produced by matt murphy at illuminate studios all lyrics by chris barretto and periphery except : '' icarus lives !
5	they were mark prince ( bass ) , clarence rigsby ( tenor ) , robert thursby ( first tenor ) , and william solomon ( baritone ) .
19	personnel kenny rogers -- vocals barry gibb -- background vocals , guitar , arranger maurice gibb -- guitar , bass , synthesizer tim renwick -- guitar george terry -- guitar george bitzer -- piano , synthesizer albhy galuten -- piano , synthesizer , arranger ron ziegler -- drums joe lala -- percussion barry gibb version the original barry gibb version was released in late 2006 in itunes on the eyes that see in the dark demos the song has a choppy verse , and this song 's style like miami than nashville , and gibb 's version has a pop-rock and new wave style .
11	track listing credits bullo , vocal albyzzo , guitar ruzo , bass pelle , drum giffo , percussion herman medrano , guest vocals on nutrie .
32	with a hiatus of the band , he joined as singer , guitarist and drummer for the french rock and rap formation crew z. florian dubos - guitar / backing vocals / bass florian '' flo '' dubos born 26 march 1980 and younger brother of fabien dubos .
8	joe preston joined the band briefly , playing bass and sampler .
14	band members present eric rosenfeld - lead vocals , rhythm guitar giordano bruno - bass , backing vocals jerry kirpach - drums dario bruno - lead guitar , backing vocals past members jimmy leen - lead guitar , backing vocals pit romersa - drums mike lahier - drums aloyse weyler - drums discography albums 2006 : marathon 2008 : this is the sinking 2009 : the mad ones 2011 : levitate the listener ( split album with white flag ) 2014 : moving on ep 2014 : be better than me ( digital ep ) singles 2010 : '' this war is like a drug to you !
17	they are often seen as '' experimental '' instruments , being less established than electric guitar or bass .
11	verdi composed a setting for four unaccompanied voices , with the bass singing the scale first , followed by alto , tenor and soprano , whereas the three remaining voices supply harmonic texture .
18	members katrina leskanich -- vocals , rhythm guitar kimberley rew -- lead guitar vince de la cruz -- bass alex cooper -- drum discography studio albums compilation albums roses ( 1995 ) ( canadian release only -- compiles tracks from edge of the land and turnaround ) katrina and the waves / waves ( 1996 ) walking on sunshine -- the greatest hits of katrina & the waves ( 1997 ) the original recordings -- 1983 -- 1984 ( 2003 ) singles nb the re-recording of '' que te quiero '' and '' red wine and whiskey '' were released as a double a-side in the uk following '' walking on sunshine '' and '' do you want crying ?
5	the fender bassman is a bass amplifier introduced by fender during 1952 .
26	backing waters ' vocals on the single were little walter on harmonica , jimmy rogers on guitar , otis spann on piano , willie dixon on bass , and fred below on drums .
23	yevgeny nesterenko ( 2008 ) yevgeny yevgenievich nesterenko ( евгений евгеньевич нестеренко , born 8 january 1938 ) is a renowned russian opera bass .
0	bass were arranged by niclas bosson .
29	imperial state electric is a rock band founded by former front man of the hellacopters nicke andersson ( vocals and guitar ) , dolph de borst ( vocals , bass ) , tobias egge ( vocals , guitar ) and tomas eriksson ( drums ) .
40	formats and track listings cd single digital download digital ep credits and personnel ; recording recorded at studio wishbone , los angeles , california ; personnel demi lovato -- songwriting , lead vocals john fields -- songwriting , production , bass , guitars , keyboards , programming , recording , mixing will owsley -- guitars , synthesizers , background vocals dorian crozier -- drums michael bland -- programming tommy barbarella -- synthesizer ken chastain -- percussion , programming paul david hager -- mixing credits are adapted from the here we go again liner notes .
15	nicola ghiuselev ( 17 august 1936 -- 16 may 2014 ) was a bulgaria opera bass , particularly associated with the italian and russian repertories .
4	he plays drums , bass , guitar and other instruments , and works the studio gear .
19	side one side two personnel keith west - vocals steve howe - guitar john '' junior '' wood - bass john '' twink '' alder - percussion mark p. wirtz - keyboard production : mark p. wirtz with engineers : geoff emerick , peter bown \* 1976 harvest edition in 1976 , harvest records ( another emi label ) re-issued the album as part of its harvest heritage series , with catalogue number shsm-2010 .
25	michael anthony sobolewski ( born june 20 , 1954 ) , known professionally as michael anthony , is an american musician who is currently the bass player in the rock supergroup chickenfoot .
22	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is festively scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , flauto traverso , three oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
10	his primary instrument with four to the bar was the bass , but he also added piano , guitar , and accordion to the band 's sound , on both stage and recordings .
3	david reid - bass kevan whitley - guitar , keyboards , programming geoff allen - mastering at cava studios release history esoteric escape was released in various countries in 2006 via uk label alex tronic records .
16	band current members clayton colwell - guitar jeb colwell - guitar , synth jennifer mccarron - bass john brodeur - drums national exposure the song '' soul so sweet '' off of their album same height relation was featured in the abc television series brothers and sisters .
29	nada surf was formed in 1992 and consists of matthew caws ( guitar , vocals ) , ira elliot ( drum , backup vocals ) and daniel lorca ( bass , backup vocals ) .
18	the album , unlike their first album , includes live instrumentation ; live drums , live guitar and bass , performed by the same players who played live with that band .
14	there is also a barrelhouse piano part played by paul griffin , a raunchy bass part played by harvey brooks , an electric guitar part played by mike bloomfield and an unusual harmonica part .
16	members adam siegel - guitar , lead vocals ( 1993 -- 1998 ) dave silva - bass ( 1994 -- 1998 ) greg saenz - drums ( 1993 -- 1998 ) discography endless bummer endless bummer is the first and only my head 's studio album .
17	-- 1735 ) was a french opera singer active at the paris opéra where he created many bass roles during the late 17th and early 18th centuries .
27	after this the band went on semi-hiatus , playing a couple of live concerts in small venues around örebro with future permanent band member erik oskarsson on bass and ari halinoja playing the drums .
37	the group consisted of harry frommermann ( tenor buffo ) , asparuh '' ari '' leschnikoff ( first tenor ) , erich collin ( second tenor ) , roman cycowski ( baritone ) , robert biberti ( bass ) , and erwin bootz ( pianist ) .
6	she was married to lauded operatic bass ignazio marini and often appeared on stage with him .
20	rhapsody 's then-producers , sascha paeth and miro , were hired to do the same job and also to provide bass and keyboard duties , respectively ( luca also performed additional keyboard parts himself ) .
18	track listing credits band members nils k. rue − vocals jørn viggo lofstad − guitars steinar krokmo − bass stian kristoffersen − drums ronny tegner − keyboards other '' god 's equation '' was mixed by stefan glaumann ( of rammstein ) in toytown studios , sweden .
10	members lucy -- lead vocals izumi -- guitar azu -- bass , backing vocals moe -- drums discography '' the trip '' ( july 2007 ) quixotic ( april 2008 ) catching !
39	no use for a name ( sometimes abbreviated nufan or no use ) was a punk rock band from san jose , california , united states formed in 1987 by chris dodge ( guitar ) , steve papoutsis ( bass ) , rory koff ( drums ) and john meyer ( vocals ) .
7	credits ; vox dei willy quiroga -- bass and vocals .
5	dan met shohan hustwick ( bass ) at a waddington youth camp in 2005 and invited her to practice as they wanted to form a band .
31	the band was composed of mike golarz ( vocals and guitar ) , michael currier ( saxophone and vocals ) , stuart berk ( lead guitar ) , chris tilden ( bass ) , and matt lydon ( drums ) .
28	personnel : the miracles william '' smokey '' robinson - lead vocals ; tenor / falsetto vocals ronald white - baritone vocals warren '' pete '' moore - bass vocals , vocal arrangements robert rogers - 2nd tenor vocals ( co-lead vocals on '' you 've really got a hold on me '' ) claudette rogers robinson - soprano vocals ( co-lead vocals on '' way over there '' ) marv tarplin - guitar the funk brothers - instruments members of the detroit symphony orchestra conducted by gordon staples - strings track listing singles chart peak positions from billboard charts ; no r & b chart existed from november 30 , 1963 , through january 23 , 1965 .
16	track listing personnel anja orthodox - vocal , lyrics paweł pieczyński - guitar krzysztof najman - bass piotr pawłowski - drums michał rollinger - keyboards michał jelonek - violin tomasz '' titus '' pukacki - vocal jacek skirucha - guitar dariusz ślusarczyk - conga music - closterkeller .
11	it also is notable for the absence of tony levin on bass and chapman stick who had joined the band back in 1981 .
21	he is additionally known to music fans by his stage name as gary valentine as one of the founders , and bass for the alternative rock / new wave band , blondie .
3	searle had been bass player with doctor and the medics , who topped the uk singles chart in 1986 with a cover version of '' spirit in the sky '' .
21	personnel myles goodwyn -- lead & background vocals , guitar , keyboards brian greenway -- vocals , guitars jim clench -- bass , background vocals jerry mercer -- drums , background vocals additional guitar by : barry stock .
48	personnel elmore james -- vocals , slide guitar paul '' hucklebuck '' williams -- baritone saxophone george coleman ( probably ) -- tenor saxophone danny moore -- trumpet dickie harris ( probably ) -- trombone nehemiah '' riff '' ruffin -- guitar johnny acey -- piano unknown -- bass johnny or earl williams -- drums jimi hendrix versions jimi hendrix , who frequently cited elmore james as an influence , recorded several different arrangements of '' bleeding heart '' .
18	jerome a. hines ( november 8 , 1921 -- february 4 , 2003 ) was an american opera bass who performed at the metropolitan opera from 1946 to 1987 .
21	; green day billie joe armstrong -- lead vocals , guitar , harmonica on '' walking alone '' mike dirnt -- bass , backing vocals , baseball bat on '' desensitized '' tré cool -- drums , bongo , tambourine ; additional musicians petra haden -- violin on '' hitchin ' a ride '' and '' last ride in '' conan mccallum -- violin on '' good riddance ( time of your life ) '' gabrial mcnair , stephen bradley -- horn david campbell -- strings arranger ; production rob cavallo ; green day -- producer ken allardyce -- recording , engineer tony flores , mike dy , barry goldberg , bill kinsley , wes seidman -- additional engineers chris lord-alge -- mixing snorri brothers -- photography chris bilheimer -- photography , art direction , design chart positions weekly charts certifications references notes bibliography diehl , matt .
11	track listing line up alex pretzer -- vocals mike hanus -- bass , guitar stefan hanus -- guitar bastian herzog -- drums credits produced by fleshcrawl & peter tägtgren recorded and mixed at abyss studio , grangärde-pärlby , sweden , 27 .
18	track listing credits band members marcel coenen − guitars dennis leeflang − drums rob van der loo − bass joost van den broek − keyboards andré vuurboom − vocals other drums and guitars recorded at studio moskou , utrecht , the netherlands , engineered by silvia vermeulen .
18	personnel graham bonnet -- lead vocal trevor gordon -- backing vocal barry gibb -- guitar maurice gibb -- bass , piano colin petersen -- drums bill shepherd -- orchestral arrangement cover versions in 1968 , an italian version from the english group sopworth camel , named '' sei la mia donna '' in 1975 , the bee gees , recorded their version for inclusion on their album main course .
17	robert radford ( 13 may 1874 , nottingham 3 march 1933 , london ) was a british bass singer who made his career entirely in the united kingdom , participating in concerts and becoming one of the foremost performers of oratorio and other sacred music .
5	both the rhythm guitar and bass parts , played using downstrokes exclusively , utilize almost constant eighth note to generate a '' wall of sound '' .
10	it features chick corea on piano , dave holland on bass , jack dejohnette on drums , hubert laws on flute , woody shaw on trumpet , and lionel hampton on vibraphone .
43	there it is common for all voices to sing the repeat of the last three syllables of the last-but-one line , e.g. '' want no more '' or '' strength and shield '' ( which in church use is repeated only in the bass and alto parts , if at all ) .
3	dick escott ( bass ) .
22	the personnel also included peter thorup , vocals ; alan parker , guitar ; harold mcnair , flute ; herbie flowers , bass ; roger coulam , keyboards ; barry morgan , drums ; plus don lusher and bill geldard , trombone .
15	the band includes blood brothers bobby calabrese on guitar and vocals , jimmy calabrese on bass and vocals , and davey calabrese on drums .
2	instruments played bass , cello , sitar , piano , guitar , sarode , esraj , dilruba , tanpura , mandolin , vocals .
9	in the 1970s , kunkel worked so frequently with bass leland sklar , guitar danny kortchmar , and keyboardist craig doerge that they eventually became known as '' the section '' and recorded three albums under that name between 1972 and 1977 .
38	the line-up included rick price ( pedal steel guitar ) , bob wilson ( trombone ) , billy paul ( alto and baritone saxes ) , paul robbins ( keyboard , backing vocals ) , graham gallery ( bass ) and dave donovan ( drum ) .
23	track listing credits band members carmen susana simões -- voices rune eriksen - electric and clean guitar , effects jaime s. ferreira - bass joão samora ( bandido ) - drum and percussion session musicians miguel do vale - piano on 1 , 2 nuno roberto - portuguese guitar on 5 , acoustic rhythm on 7 production piano recorded at my home your tomb studio , almada , portugal .
8	he was the son of the famous french bass jean vallier and the english pianist adela verne ( his aunt was mathilde verne ) .
13	the duo then added charlie smith ( drummer ) and david nicholson ( bass ) , and it was this line-up that signed to elton john 's record label named the rocket record company and scored a us hot 100 chart entry , and uk singles chart top 40 hit , with '' gonna capture your heart '' .
22	the early line-up consisted of 4 members federico renzulli ( nicknamed ghigo ) on guitar and lead vocals , gianni maroccolo on bass , sandro dotta on lead guitar ( who left the band after a few weeks ) and francesco calamai on drums .
13	gibb played numerous instruments on this track , including piano , guitar and bass however the musician who played harmonica and drums was not credited .
22	members horn , paul - guitar , polysix , quasimidi 309 , mini analog synth created by paul onnen , dave - bass shapiro , jason - roland jp-8000 , roland mc-909 , symetrix 606 , tc electronic d-two teasley , fred - guitar , ms-20 , micromoog biography in february 1996 , jason shapiro and paul horn collaborated on a primarily improvised performance for a showcase at intermedia arts in minneapolis , minnesota ( '' you 're my avant-guitar hero '' , february 23 24 , 1996 ) .
14	'' personnel ; the jimi hendrix experience jimi hendrix vocals , guitar noel redding bass mitch mitchell drums , brush chas chandler production eddie kramer engineering cover versions '' up from the skies '' has been cover by a number of artists , mainly on cover and tribute album .
17	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is festively scored for alto , tenor , and bass soloists , a four-part choir , trumpet , two oboe , two violin , viola and ( basso continuo ) ) including bassoon .
31	marriott offered the band a song that he and ronnie lane had written , '' tell me ( have you ever seen me ) '' , producing their single and playing bass on the record in preference to bob argent .
16	midnight circus was composed of dave freeman ( guitar , vocals ) , joe hughes ( bass ) , neil o'connor ( vocals , guitar , keyboard ) , and '' a string of unnamed drummers '' .
20	she married twice : first in 1896 to richard temple , jr. , the son of the d'oyly carte principal bass , richard temple ( divorced -- abandonment ) , and then in 1910 to captain ernest kennaway arbuthnot .
17	the band 's lineup included andrés del castillo ( vocals / guitar ) , march cesare ( bass ) , frank levin ( keyboards ) , scott milks ( drum ) , and marc parent ( guitar ) .
26	vilém heš ( 1889 ) vilém heš ( 3 june 1860 , týnec nad labem - 4 january 1908 , vienna ) was a czech opera bass .
42	; the cd single track listing live performances '' the guns of brixton '' was a mainstay in the band 's set and when played live simonon used to switch instruments with joe strummer ( simonon on rhythm guitar and strummer on bass ) because he felt uncomfortable playing the bassline and singing lead vocals at the same time .
91	discography full lengths the seven seas ( 2009 ) elephant stone ( 2013 ) the three poisons ( 2014 ) eps and singles the glass box ep 12 '' ( 2010 ) love the sinner , hate the sin b/w strangers 7 '' ( 2012 ) other appearances '' christmas time ( is here again ) '' ( beatles cover ) on psych-out christmas ( 2013 ) '' l.a. woman '' on a psych tribute to the doors ( 2014 ) personnel main band members rishi dhir -- lead vocals , bass , sitar jean-gabriel lambert -- guitar , backing vocals miles dupire -- drums , backing vocals stephen '' le venk '' venkatarangam -- farfisa , synth , backing vocals guest/studio musicians shawn mativetsky -- tabla pt .
26	track listing personnel ; fuck the facts topon das -- guitar , samples mel mongeon -- vocals mathieu vilandre -- drums , samples marc bourgon -- bass , vocals johnny ibay -- guitar ; other mel mongeon -- layout , design michal majewski -- cover artwork dave sheldon -- recording , mixing , mastering reception jason wellwood of canadian webzine hellbound .
17	jason matthew thirsk ( december 25 , 1967 -- july 29 , 1996 ) was the former bass player of the california punk rock band pennywise who grew up in hermosa beach , california .
15	along with tancredi pasero and ezio pinza , he was one of the leading operatic bass of his generation .
28	recording and structure while they recorded the song the guitar was played by barry and vince and joined by bluegrass musician bill keith on banjo , maurice on bass and colin on drums .
13	during this period harper toured with a band consisting of tony franklin on bass , bob wilson of the steve gibbons band , george jackson on drums and dave morris on keyboards .
4	roles soprano tenor baritone bass male chorus speakers plot the story of sciarrino 's lohengrin is seen from the point of view of elsa , a vestal virgin who is accused of fornication .
25	personnel van morrison : vocal , guitar herbie armstrong : guitar ry cooder : slide guitar pee wee ellis : tenor saxophone david hayes : bass mark isham : trumpet mark jordan : piano toni marcus : violin katie kissoon : backing vocals peter van hooke : drums covers elvis costello - his version appears on the 1994 tribute album , and also on costello 's own 1995 album , kojak variety .
27	on december 27 , the band embarked on what would be close to six weeks of studio work by playing songs repetitively in order to track the bass and drum parts .
28	personnel current members include composers matt darriau , alto saxophone , clarinet , and kaval , and frank london , on trumpet and keys , paul morrissett playing bass and tsimbl cimbalom , vocalist lorin sklamberg on accordion and piano , lisa gutkin on violin and vocals , and david licht or richie barshay on drums .
14	com or simply ug , is a large guitarist community website including guitar and bass tablature , reviews of music and equipment , interviews with notable musicians , online written and video lessons , and forums .
12	line-up kenneth leer - vocals rick fiorio - drum jeff mackey - bass adam valk - guitar discography albums 5 o'clock orange ( 1996 mack-daddy records ) acid millennium ( 1997 mack-daddy records ) greatest hits vol .
12	; escape the fate craig mabbitt -- lead vocals max green -- bass , backing vocals monte money -- guitars , keyboards , synthesizers , backing vocals , production robert ortiz -- drums , percussion ; remixer groups jakwob - dj , remixer does it offend you , yeah ? - electronic band wolves at the gate ( jade puget ) - remixer la riots - american dj 's .
15	richard george angas ( 18 april 1942 -- 20 august 2013 ) was a british bass singer , particularly associated with english national opera , but who also sang with other uk opera companies and in europe .
13	the farris banjolin was offered in soprano , alto , tenor , and bass models .
38	the musicians on the recording included williams on vocals and piano , earl palmer on drums , rene hall on guitar , jewell grant on baritone sax , plas johnson on tenor sax , and ted brinson on bass .
5	the group later acquired a bass , violin , and guitar .
23	discography anxious disease ( 1996 ) band members mike shotton -- vocals west arkeen -- guitar joey hunting -- guitar james hunting -- bass abe laboriel jr .
15	former members of the band include dave thompson ( guitar ) , jeremy galda ( bass ) , brian bird ( drum ) , and jason guindon ( drum ) .
16	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for alto , tenor , and bass soloists , a four-part choir only for the chorale , oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo including bassoon .
23	mylène 's discs were so sophisticated in the production that we could not go on stage and just put a drummer , a bass player and a guitarist .
30	personnel on todd rundgren solo ( studio ) version todd rundgren -- lead vocals , piano mark '' moogy '' klingman -- organ john siomos -- drums stu woods -- bass robbie kogale -- guitar randy brecker -- trumpet michael brecker -- tenor sax barry rogers -- trombone hope ruff -- backing vocals richard corey -- backing vocals vicki robinson -- backing vocals dennis cooley -- backing vocals cecilia norfleet -- backing vocals in the media in the ending to the pilot of the fox sitcom that '70s show , eric and the gang joyfully sing this in the car while on their way to a todd rundgren concert .
13	personnel paul mccartney - lead , harmony and backing vocals , piano , bass linda mccartney - harmony and backing vocals david spinozza - guitar hugh mccracken - guitar denny seiwell - drums marvin stamm - flugelhorn new york philharmonic - orchestra arrangement song uses the song was used in the episode '' he ai n't heavy , he 's my uncle '' of the british sitcom only fools and horses , where the character of uncle albert leaves home .
5	a bass-baritone is a high-lying bass or low-lying '' classical '' baritone voice type which shares certain qualities with the true baritone voice .
51	the honkies the honkies were formed in 2010 by kasey anderson and andrew mckeag , the guitarist for the band the presidents of the united states , and is composed of : kasey anderson ( vocals , guitar , percussion ) andrew mckeag ( guitar , vocals ) eric corson ( bass ) ty bailie ( keyboard ) mike musburger ( drums ) discography kasey anderson has released solo recordings as well as with his group the honkies .
15	the song is often intended as a showpiece for a comic character , usually a bass or baritone .
19	personnel charlie looker : guitar , vocals travis laplante : keyboards , tenor sax , ewi anthony gedrich : bass , contrabass nick podgurski : drums , percussion caley monahon-ward : violin , mandolin , engineer guest musicians : ian antonio : glockenspiel , vibraphone , crotales , wood block larkin grimm : backing vocals on '' one of your whores '' and '' head shrinker '' .
7	personnel paul mccartney -- lead vocal , bass john lennon -- backing vocal , rhythm guitar , vox continental organ george harrison -- backing vocal , lead guitar ringo starr -- drums , bongos cover versions heart covered this song as a medley with '' long tall sally '' on their 1980 album greatest hits live .
8	his repertoire includes virtually all the great german bass roles , such as mozart 's figaro , leporello , and don giovanni , pogner in wagner 's die meistersinger , king heinrich in lohengrin , gurnemanz in parsifal , fasolt , hunding and wotan in the ring des nibelungen , oreste in strauss 's elektra as well as ramfis in aida , filippo ii in don carlo , méphistophélès in faust , escamillo in carmen , gremin in eugene oneguine and the title role of boris godunov .
18	с feodor chaliapin ( 1873 , kazan -- 1938 , paris , france ) , an outstanding russian bass opera singer .
17	track listing band members kris roe -- vocals , guitar patrick riley -- guitar michael davenport -- bass chris knapp -- drums additional personnel back up vocals were provided by mark hoppus and chad price .
15	post-breakup drummer andy hurley became a member of fall out boy alongside occasional racetraitor fill-in bass player pete wentz .
14	on its subsequent tour , the band 's live lineup was expanded to include bass and percussion .
10	in his teens , he switched to flugelhorn , then bass , and finally guitar .
17	personnel lou reed lead vocals , lead guitar john cale celesta , viola , piano sterling morrison bass maureen tucker percussion nico backing vocals cover versions '' sunday morning '' has been covered by various bands , including rusty , villagers , bettie serveert , beck , chris coco & nick cave , nina hagen , james , oh-ok , elizabeth cook , ny loose , the feelies , orchestral manoeuvres in the dark , the queers , strawberry switchblade , wally pleasant , and matthew sweet & susanna hoffs .
22	the score bach sent to dresden consisted of the separate parts for soprano i , soprano ii , alto , tenor , bass , trumpet i , trumpet ii , trumpet iii , timpani , corno da caccia , flauto traverso i , flauto traverso ii , oboe ( d'amore ) i , oboe ( d'amore ) ii , oboe ( d'amore ) iii , violin i ( 2 copies ) , violins ii , viola , cello , bassoon and basso continuo .
17	david hayes was a seasoned performer , having been part of the caledonia soul orchestra and played bass on common one and into the music .
13	the band consisted of donelly on lead vocals and guitar , abong on bass , tom gorman on guitar , and chris gorman on drum .
14	clifford scantlebury grant ( born 11 september 1930 ) is a retired australian opera bass singer .
28	the band includes steve riley ( accordion ) , david greely ( fiddle ) , sam broussard ( guitar ) , brazos huval ( fiddle / saxophone / bass ) and kevin dugas ( drums ) and formerly jimmy domengeaux ( guitar ) before his death in 1999 .
40	members cesar pedroso fernández / musical director and piano jóse gómez martinez / lead vocals armando cantero abreu / lead vocals lilibet jove / background vocals gerardo miro rivera / violin osiris martínez rodríguez / keyboards reinier elizarde ruanio / bass jóse luis quintana fuerte / pad roelvis reyes simono / drums rene suárez zapata / timbales julio noroña pérez / güiro jorge castillo hernández / congas leonardo tereuel velásquez / trumpet juan carlos gonzáles borrero / trumpet sergio r. luna longchamp / trombone neuris lorenzo mustelier / trombone discography 2001 - '' pupy y los que son son : timba - the new generation of latin music '' termidor musikverlag ( deutschland ) songs : 1 .
14	the album presents a live performance of pianist keith jarrett with gary peacock on bass and jack de johnette on drums , recorded on july 2 , 1985 in paris , at the palais des congrès studios de la grande armée , the second of a two-night engagement at that venue .
34	personnel george harrison -- vocals , electric guitar , slide guitar , sitar , backing vocals jim horn -- tenor saxophone , flute gary wright -- organ nicky hopkins -- piano klaus voormann -- bass ringo starr -- drums , tambourine jim keltner -- drums , maraca zakir hussain -- tabla notes citations sources dale c. allison jr. , the love there that 's sleeping : the art and spirituality of george harrison , continuum ( new york , ny , 2006 ; isbn 978-0-8264-1917-0 ) .
17	the band was made up of aaron dugan ( guitar and sounds ) , josh werner ( bass and keyboard , also co-writes songs with matisyahu ) , and jonah david ( drums and percussion ) .
20	session work since inception of quasi coomes has done much recording work with other bands , mostly on keyboards and bass .
74	roles saint françois ( saint francis ) -- baritone l'ange ( the angel ) -- soprano ( though sung by a soprano , the libretto refers to the angel as '' he '' throughout ) le lépreux ( the leper ) -- tenor frère léon ( brother leo ) -- baritone frère massée ( brother masseo ) -- tenor frère elie ( brother elias ) -- tenor frère bernard ( brother bernard ) -- bass frère sylvestre ( brother sylvestro ) -- baritone frère rufin ( brother rufus ) -- baritone synopsis the subject of each scene is borrowed from the fioretti and the reflexions on the stigmata , books written by anonymous franciscans of the 14th century .
27	credits and personnel ; recording produced at echo recording studio , los angeles , california all vocals -- kelly clarkson engineering -- jesse shatkin , alex pasco bass , engineering , guitar , keyboard , production , and programming -- greg kurstin mixing -- serban ghenea engineered for mixing -- john hanes songwriting -- kelly clarkson , ashley arrison , aben eubanks , shane mcanally credits lifted from the wrapped in red liner notes .
24	personnel mick jagger - lead and backing vocals keith richards - rhythm guitar and solo brian jones - low tuned guitar bill wyman - bass , backing vocals charlie watts - drums jack nitzsche - tambourine , piano cover versions the british post-punk group the mekons covered the song on their 1988 album so good it hurts , twisting the song 's impact with female vocals provided by sally timms .
8	james shaw plays guitar and joshua winstead plays bass .
41	the current band members are : bhasker dewan ( lead vocals ) , pragya lama ( guitars ) , birju chowdhary ( drums ) , manish thapa ( keyboard ) , bidhan ( flute , saxophone ) and pravash subba ( bass ) .
16	other projects emerson has also contributed to other american rock bands ; the situation and playing bass for neo-psychedelic rock band , the cold war direction .
57	roles sid el kar ( tenor ) hassi ( baritone ) mindar benjamin kidd ( comic baritone ) captain paul fontaine ( baritone or tenor ) azuri ( mezzo-soprano ) margot bonvalet ( soprano ) general birabeau ( baritone ) pierre birabeau/red shadow ( lyric baritone ) susan ( soprano or mezzo-soprano ) ali ben ali ( bass ) clementina hadji chorus of riffs , soldiers and inhabitants of the fortress synopsis french general birabeau has been sent to morocco to root out and destroy the riffs , a band of arab rebels , who threaten the safety of the french outpost in the moroccan desert .
6	she also plays several instruments including bass and vocals .
29	members mayka edjo : lead vocals ( 2005 -- present ) jose '' yusepe '' herranz : guitar ( 2005 -- present ) santi '' sweetfingers '' martín : bass ( 2005 -- present ) javi '' skunk '' : drums ( 2005 -- present ) santiago '' diamond '' vallejo : hammond ( 2008 -- present ) past members : carlo coupé : hammond ( 2005-2007 ) julián maeso : hammond ( 2007-2008 ) albums their self-titled debut album was released in 2007 .
6	hermann rieth was a german opera bass .
29	track listing bonus tracks personnel in flames anders fridén − vocals jesper strömblad − lead guitar , acoustic guitars & keyboards glenn ljungström − lead guitars johan larsson − bass & backing vocals björn gelotte − drums & lead guitars guest appearances fredrik nordström − keyboards oscar dronjak − vocal appearance on dead eternity fredrik johansson − lead guitar on december flower kasper dahlqvist − keyboards on wayfaerer production and composition produced by fredrik nordström and in flames .
46	important jazz concert appearances at the town hall include the june 22 , 1945 concert featuring dizzy gillespie , on trumpet ; charlie parker , on alto saxophone ; don byas , on tenor saxophone ; al haig , on piano ; curley russell , on bass , and max roach , on drums ( with '' big '' sid catlett substituting for roach on a few titles ) which provided the public with its first mainstream exposure to the quickly evolving style of jazz that came to be popularly known as bebop .
23	( peace be with you ) , bwv 158 , is the shortest of the cantatas by johann sebastian bach and features a bass soloist .
19	personnel george harrison -- vocals , electric guitars nicky hopkins -- piano gary wright -- organ klaus voormann -- bass jim keltner -- drums john barham -- string and brass arrangements , choral arrangement notes citations sources dale c. allison jr. , the love there that 's sleeping : the art and spirituality of george harrison , continuum ( new york , ny , 2006 ; isbn 978-0-8264-1917-0 ) .
43	modern interpretations are followed by a small orchestra containing accordion ( the most prominent ) , violin , nylon-string guitar and/or other string instruments occasionally ( such as oud , saz or šargija ) , flute or clarinet ( occasionally ) , upright bass , snare drum .
21	tour dates personnel performers lead performers michael jackson : vocals randy jackson vocals , assorted percussion jermaine jackson : vocals ; bass tito jackson : vocals ; guitar marlon jackson : vocals ; percussion jackie jackson : vocals ; percussion ( first performance during the quebec concerts .
11	this is typically backed up by one or two guitar , bass , and drums , with each of the stringed instruments playing a different melodic fragment , over and over again , creating a texture made up of several strange , angular , asynchronous patterns .
14	he played piano from the age of six , later taking up trumpet , bass and guitar .
12	currently , guitar , voice , piano , saxophone , trumpet , bass and flute are supported .
48	track listing in total 65 : 10 credits producer and arranger : tom brooks senior executive producer : michael coleman executive producers : don moen chris long a & r director : chris thomason worship leader : alvin slaughter musicians : carl albrecht - drums abraham laboriel - bass tom brooks - keyboards phil hamilton - guitars vocals : gary anglin - vocals vanessa bille - vocals marshall carpenter - vocals sheila ravenel carpneter - vocals larry felder - vocals marissa felder - vocals lisette gonzalez - vocals frank lorenzo - vocals jo-ann rivera - vocals denise towers - vocals rebecca west - vocals choir : hosanna !
38	tour personnel guy sebastian - vocals , guitar , and keys david ryan harris support artist - guitar and backing vocals carmen smith - backing vocals angel tupai - backing vocals terepai richmond - drums adam ventoura - bass sam vincent - guitar and bongo wendy anggerani - keys ludeovic louis - trumpet and backing vocals dan redgrave - tourmeister anatole day - front of house justin arthur - monitors brett millican - backline stage ( tour photography ) '' special guest appearances '' swift k.i.d. johnny ruffo set list the following set list is representative of the show on 12 april 2013 at the brisbane convention centre .
52	side one side two bonus ep tracks ( nick lowe & dave edmunds sing the everly brothers ) produced by nick lowe & dave edmunds cd reissue bonus tracks ( 2004 ) personnel billy bremner -- guitar , vocals dave edmunds -- guitar , vocals , piano , organ nick lowe -- bass , vocals terry williams -- drums , drums , drums aldo bocca -- engineer ( note : bremner sings lead on '' heart '' and '' you ai n't nothin ' but fine '' .
24	post-recording after the recordings were completed the pair recruited former strange idols guitarist david smith and french musician syd kemp ( on keyboards and bass respectively ) to form the nucleus of the current live band which have played exclusive one off shows in support of the album .
4	1966 : episodio ( bass ) ; traza .
5	when not playing guitar or bass , don occasionally played the electric violin , a skill for which he subsequently became well known under the name of '' sugarcane '' harris .
57	track listing ; digital download -- '' non me lo so spiegare '' ( 2004 ) personnel ; music credits michele canova -- arrangements , rhythmic programming , keyboards leonardo di angilla -- percussions tiziano ferro -- vocals , composer andrea fontana -- drums cristian rigano -- rhodes piano , acoustic piano , keyboards pino saracini -- bass davide tagliapietra -- guitars ; production credits michele canova -- prudcer , engineer , mixing sandro franchin -- additional engineer mara maionchi -- producer alberto salerno -- producer charts laura pausini cover laura pausini recorded the song as a duet with tiziano ferro for her 2006 's album io canto .
25	'' track listing charts personnel ; cobra starship gabe saporta -- lead vocals ryland blackinton -- guitar , backing vocals and synthesizer alex suarez -- bass and backing vocals nate navarro -- drums victoria asher -- keytar and backing vocals all songs written and performed by cobra starship produced by cobra starship except : track 3 produced by kevin rudolf .
21	in 1972 , he teamed up with don '' sugarcane '' harris , randy resnick on guitar , victor conte on bass , plus paul lagos on drums , and formed the band pure food and drug act , which released one album , choice cuts .
2	leigh marklew bass - born 10 august 1968 , bradford .
14	personnel jeff buckley - guitar , vocals michael tighe - guitar mick grøndahl - bass eric eidel - drums parker kindred - drums benjamin goldstein - ?
13	'' paul oscar rediscovered his voice at the age of 18 , singing bass with the hamrahlíð college choir for two years .
17	the band was founded in cardiff in 1968 by rob ingram on guitar and jeff harrad on bass .
31	big band rhythm in jazz big band , popular during the 30s and 40s , the guitarist is considered an integral part of the rhythm section ( guitar , drum and bass ) .
20	personnel toby morse -- vocals todd morse -- guitar , vocals rusty pistachio -- guitar , vocals adam blake -- bass todd friend -- drum , vocals the album was recorded in august 2002 and mixed in september 2002 in suffern , new york .
18	personnel barry gibb -- lead vocal , guitar robin gibb -- organ , backing vocal maurice gibb -- bass , piano , organ , mellotron colin petersen -- drums bill shepherd -- orchestral arrangement cover versions p.p . arnold recorded this song on 9 june 1969 same day as '' bury me down by the river '' , another track by the bee gees .
18	track listing personnel napalm death mark greenway -- vocals mitch harris -- guitar , vocals shane embury -- bass , vocals danny herrera -- drums production napalm death -- arrangement , production russ russell -- production , engineering , mixing , mastering mick kenney -- outside illustration kevin sharp -- inside illustration carsten drescher -- layout hugo chevalier -- band photo ( herrera ) ccphotoart .
11	personnel kelly blatz vocals ( 2004 -- 2011 ) paul laliberte bass shelby archer guitar michael johnson drums jeff laliberte guitar singles '' low day '' ( 2009 ) for skyrunners '' gypsy jones '' '' government child - ( live only !
13	i could be good for you the original members included phil bryant ( bass , vocals ) , jim mcclarty ( drums ) , duke mcfadden ( keyboards / synthesizer , vocals ) , and kevin russell ( guitar , vocals ) .
35	; current members sharon den adel -- lead vocals ( 1996 -- present ) robert westerholt -- rhythm guitar , grunts ( 1996 -- present , studio only since 2011 ) jeroen van veen -- bass ( 1996 -- present ) ruud jolie -- lead guitar , rhythm guitar ( 2001 -- present ) martijn spierenburg -- keyboards ( 2001 -- present ) mike coolen -- drums ( 2011 -- present ) stefan helleblad -- rhythm guitar , lead guitar ( 2011 -- present ) within temptation longest line-up , from left to right : van haestregt , van veen , jolie , den adel , spierenburg , westerholt .
13	'' the song continues with another verse and subsequent chorus , when the bass finally enters .
21	the band was started by ivar bowitz ( guitar and vocals ) , but now also consists of martin bowitz on bass , stian hansen on drums , torbjørn hafnor on guitar , catharina sletner ( on synthesizers and vocals ) , and martin smådal larsen on guitar .
12	the group consisted of eddy pumer on guitar , steve clark on bass and flute , and danny bridgman on drums and the vocalist peter daltrey , who also played various keyboard instruments .
78	track listing personnel lester young - tenor saxophone harry '' sweets '' edison - trumpet al killian - trumpet ed lewis - trumpet joe newman - trumpet ted donnelly - trombone eli robinson - trombone lou taylor - trombone dickie wells - trombone jimmy powell - alto saxophone earl warren - alto saxophone , voice , arranger buddy tate - tenor saxophone rudy rutherford - baritone saxophone clyde hart - piano freddie green - guitar rodney richardson - bass jo jones - drums tadd dameron , dick flanagan , dixky wells - arrangers references sources gridley , mark c. jazz styles : history & analysis .
23	track listing personnel robert stjärnström - vocals , guitar , art and design jonas rörling - guitar , backing vocals kahl hellmer - bass andreas gerdin - keyboards , backing vocals tomas nilsén - drums additional personnel thomas eberger - mastering jens habermann - additional art erica öberg of inja - vocals on '' flagcarrier '' stefan sundström - sound engineer song titles early in production , some songs were given different titles , such as player one which was originally titled '' player one ( return to arcade ) '' .
54	instruments the magic pipe the magic pipe , also known by his close friends as ` the broken bowflex ' , is a homemade , electronically rigged pair of machined aluminum pipes ( previously steel in its first incarnation ) , connected by adjustable phosphorus bronze joints , with each pipe hosting an orchestral bass string .
39	'' track listing reception credits ; musicians michael kiske - vocals amanda somerville - vocals magnus karlsson - lead and rhythm guitar , keyboards , additional production sander gommans - lead guitar jimmy kresic - keyboards mat sinner - bass , backing vocals , producer martin schmidt - drums ramy ali - drums recorded at stuntguitar studios , audiospezialist studios , level 10 , liquid home studio and hdk studios achim kohler - mixing and mastering at indiscreet studios .
30	'' track listing credits solomon olds ( soul glow activatur ) - vocals , guitar jacob olds ( crouton ) - drums , vocals joshua olds ( fatty ) - bass , vocals nathan currin ( nadaddy ) - keytar , drum machine , turntables , vocals , tambourine , percussion derek mount ( chap stique ) - lead guitar charts tour '' the christmas pageant tour '' covered 14 american cities .
30	personnel teri desario - lead vocals barry gibb - background vocals joey murcia - guitar george terry - guitar george bitzer - keyboards paul harris - keyboards george perry - bass ron ziegler - drums peter graves - horns whit sidener - horns ken faulk - horns bill purse - horns neil bonsanti - horns stan webb - horns albhy galuten - orchestra arrangement karl richardson - engineer cover versions daffodils released this song in 1985 their version was hi-nrg and italo disco and arranged by michel lasperance on bgm records .
17	personnel ; die mannequin care failure -- lead vocals , guitar anthony '' useless '' bleed -- bass pat m . -- drums , percussion ; technical staff and artwork tracks 1 & 2 produced by ian d'sa tracks 3 & 4 produced by junior sanchez .
17	track listing personnel bo summer - vocals tore mogensen guitar lasse bak - guitar ronnie bak - bass rolf hansen - drums all lyrics written by bo summer , except \* ( wake up dead ) , written by ( bo ) summer / ( dave ) mustaine all music written by illdisposed trivia the recording of the album can be witnessed on the 1997 documentary '' headbeng i hovedlandet '' the album title is said to be taken from shakespear 's '' hamlet '' .
17	morris '' b.b. '' dickerson ( born 3 august 1949 , torrance , california ) was the bass player for the 1970s latin -- funk group war , and before that the creators .
16	track listing personnel music all music performed and written by the blood brothers morgan henderson -- bass devin welch -- guitar mark gajadhar -- drums johnny whitney -- vocals jordan blilie -- vocals all the songs ( except for lost boys which originally appeared on the 12 '' compilation destroy new granada ) come from the blood brothers first three 7 '' records vinyl information all pressings feature an alternative cover to the cd 1st pressing : 260 clear 2x10 ( each record 1-sided ) .
26	raising the roof ( wcs 050 ) ; released in 2010 on whaling city sound ; featured zé eduardo nazario on drums , john lockwood on bass , and koichi sato on keyboards .
17	jeff scott soto -- vocals robert säll - guitar and keyboards erik mårtensson - rhythm guitar , bass , keyboards , background vocals magnus henriksson - lead guitar robban bäck - drums one live - in stockholm one live - in stockholm is the first live cd & dvd released by w.e.t. on frontiers records and will be available in february 2014 .
5	rounding out the band are bass senon williams ( who played in radar bros until january 2009 ) , drummer paul smith , and david ralicke on brass .
34	the falling idols were a huntington beach punk rock band in the 1980s which featured dave quackenbush , who became the vandals ' singer in 1985 , and randy bradbury , who became the bass player for pennywise in 1996 .
12	marios also helped death metal band the forsaken out on tour as bass player , and has been on tour with firewind filling the same position .
22	track listing charts personnel ; xandria dianne van giersbergen -- vocals marco heubaum -- guitar philip restemeier -- guitar steven wussow -- bass gerit lamm -- drums credits music arranged by marco heubaum , gerit lamm , philip restemeier , steven wussow , dianne van giersbergen and joost van den broek .
10	his 1933 english-language recording , with his countryman the acclaimed bass malcolm mceachern , of '' the gendarmes ' duet '' from offenbach 's opera geneviève de brabant is an enduring classic of the gramophone .
18	the group 's debut ep , violence is the prince of this world featured warslut on guitar , bass and vocals , with matt skitz ( aka matt sanders ) from damaged and criss volcano from abominator on drums .
40	credits and personnel music : garbage lyrics : garbage produced : garbage performed & mixed : garbage 2nd engineer : mike zirkel vocals : shirley manson keyboards : duke erikson samples & loops : steve marker drums : butch vig bass : mike kashou recorded at smart studios , madison , wisconsin .
25	formed in 2007 the band currently consists of kai bigler ( vocals , guitar ) , dominik sorg ( guitar ) , stefan krämer ( bass ) and benjamin stelzer ( drums ) .
14	track listing personnel astrud gilberto -- vocals walter wanderley -- organ josé marino -- bass claudio slon -- drums bobby rosengarden -- percussion creed taylor -- producer chuck stewart -- cover photograph also , joão gilberto may have played guitar on tracks 2 , 7 , and 13 .
25	title the title might come from the lines : personnel van morrison - vocals john tropea - guitar jef labes - piano joe macho - bass allan schwartzberg - drums other releases a live performance of this song is featured on the 1974 disc of morrison 's 2006 issued dvd , live at montreux 1980/1974 .
11	personnel matthew bellamy lead vocals , guitar , piano christopher wolstenholme bass , backing vocals , harmonica , guitar on '' hoodoo '' dominic howard drums , backing vocals on '' supermassive black hole '' morgan nicholls keyboard , synthesizer , backing vocals , percussion tour dates support shows muse performed slots for depeche mode in sweden and my chemical romance in the united states .
9	members egypcio ( singer and guitar ) román ( bass ) léo ( guitar ) fouad ( percussion ) pg ( drums ) discography ilegal ( 1999 ) a vida nos ensina ( 2001 ) aqui ou em qualquer lugar ( 2003 ) tihuana ( 2005 ) um dia de cada vez ( 2006 ) tropa de elite - ao vivo ( 2008 ) agora é pra valer !
10	johnny has been seen playing his brother 's signature esp bass .
75	art farmer ( trumpet , credited as peter urban ) don butterfield ( tuba ) gigi gryce ( alto saxophone ) j.r. monterose ( tenor saxophone ) george barrow ( baritone saxophone on tracks 2 , 4 , 5 , and 6 ) sol schlinger ( baritone saxophone on tracks 1 , 3 , and 7 ) teddy charles ( vibraphone ) mal waldron ( piano ) jimmy raney ( guitar ) teddy kotick ( bass ) joe harris ( drums ) for tracks 8 and 9 , recorded october 23 , 1956 .
29	; the narrative suzie zeldin -- vocals , keys jesse gabriel -- vocals , guitar ; additional musicians charles seich -- drums , percussion , programing ari sadowitz -- bass will noon -- drum ; technical personnel bryan russell -- producer ( at redwire audio ) justin long -- assistant engineer emily lazar -- mastering joe laporta -- mastering bryan laurenson -- mixing on '' cherry red '' jon florencio -- mixing on '' fade '' , '' empty space '' and '' winter 's coming '' mike sapone -- mixing on '' turncoat '' karen preston -- album art kristina casquarelli -- layout reception critical response absolutepunk said '' if more records like the narrative were written , i would most certainly have a different approach towards the genre .
35	track listing line-up harry neger ( harold fossberg ) -- vocals brune neger ( rune grønn ) -- guitar max neger ( pål bøttger kjærnes ) - guitar bingo neger ( bengt calmeyer ) -- bass bongo neger ( thomas seltzer ) -- drums patch neger ( jonno howe ) - synthesized guitar wart neger ( craig leese ) - triangle miscellanea band name was spelled three different ways : turboneger ( disc ) , trbngr ( cover ) and turbonegro ( jewel case sticker ) .
13	as a chamber music she has collaborated with mezzo soprano markella hatziano , bass christophoros stamboglis , violinist hideko udagawa , and the string quartet '' voces '' , '' auer '' and '' kroger '' .
44	weekly charts australia new zealand australian year-end charts australian decade-end charts credits and personnel writers -- guy sebastian , david ryan harris , sean hurley lead vocals -- guy sebastian background vocals -- david ryan harris , cc white guitar -- joshua lopez , bass -- sean hurley farlisa organ and piano -- zac rae drums -- jj johnson trumpet -- jumaane smith tenor saxophone -- bob reynolds baritone saxophone -- david moyer production -- david ryan harris , fredrik odesjo , andreas levander engineering -- billy bush mixing -- fredrik odesjo , rob kinelski credits taken from like it like that album liner notes .
40	personnel maddy prior - vocals , spoons , tabor tim hart - vocals , dulcimer , guitar , organ , 5-string banjo , mandolin peter knight - fiddle , tenor banjo , mandolin , vocals , timpani ashley hutchings - bass martin carthy - vocals , guitar , organ produced by sandy roberton .
17	these were operated upon , and because of this he lost the lower ranges of his legendary bass voice .
30	members ; current eloy fritsch -- keyboards , synthesizers , vocals ruy fritsch -- guitars gustavo demarchi -- vocals , flute rainer steiner -- drums , percussion carlos d'elia -- bass history the progressive rock band apocalypse was born in 1983 , in caxias do sul , southern brazil , founded by eloy fritsch and some school friends at the colégio nossa senhora do carmo who got together for a student music contest .
23	mussorgsky in 1874 songs and dances of death ( , pesni i plyaski smerti ) is a song cycle for voice ( usually bass or bass-baritone ) and piano by modest petrovich mussorgsky , written in the mid-1870s , to poems by arseny golenishchev-kutuzov , a relative of the composer .
8	personnel paul mccartney lead vocal , piano , bass , handclaps john lennon backing vocal , rhythm guitar , handclaps george harrison backing vocal , lead guitar , handclaps ringo starr drums , drums ( with brushes ) , handclaps ronnie scott tenor saxophone bill povey tenor saxophone harry klein baritone saxophone bill jackman baritone saxophone george martin producer ken scott engineer geoff emerick engineer cover versions fats domino covered the song in 1968 .
52	xna yer ( drums , beat box and kaoss pad ) totore ( guitar ) guest members josué '' hobbit mayor '' ortíz ( guitar @ los perros predicen temblores concert ) former members chato ( guitar , left the band after coachella 2008 and a few more concerts ) pasa ( bass , left the band in 2003 ) indie-o music awards on june 11 , 2008 , austin tv received four awards at the indie-o music awards , the first awards created to recognize the best of the independent music scene in mexico .
60	after the departure of original guitarist len green , the group 's membership consolidated as john claude '' john '' gummoe ( born august 2 , 1938 , cleveland , ohio ) ( lead vocals ) , eddie snyder ( guitar ) , von lynch ( keyboards ) , ronald lynch ( keyboards , saxophone ) , dave stevens ( bass ) and dave szabo ( drums ) .
19	marcel journet marcel journet ( july 25 , 1868 september 7 , 1933 ) , was a french , bass , operatic singer .
46	track listings ; cd single - france ; cd single - usa ; cd maxi single - europe personnel joan osborne -- vocals , percussion , acoustic guitar eric bazilian -- guitar , mandolin , chant , saxophone , harmonica , electric piano mark egan -- bass rob hyman -- piano , organ , synthesizer , mellotron , backing vocals , drum andy kravitz -- drums , percussion accolades , chart performances and sales the song received grammy nominations in 1996 for best female pop vocal performance , record of the year , and song of the year .
27	the band members were : vlado hristov - krle ( vocals ) , saso nikolovski - gzla ( drums ) , petar georgievski - pero kamikaza ( bass ) , bratislav grkovic - bata panker ( guitar ) .
4	páll ivan pálsson -- bass .
91	discography no mercy ep ( 1990 ) who is who ep ( 1994 ) horrorscope ( 1998 ) madness ( metal blade , 2001 ) 2000 years at the war ( metal blade , 2002 ) the last millennium ( metal blade , 2002 ) madtropolis ( metal blade , 2003 ) take no prisoners ( armageddon records , 2004 ) members current members udo gerstenmeyer : guitar , keyboard thomas laasch : vocals ( 2000 -- present ) christian schwinn : drums ( 2003 -- present ) roberto palacios : bass ( 2004 -- present ) former members martin obermeyer : vocals ( ?
11	on tour with the shadows , lordan demonstrated the tune to bass player jet harris , reportedly picking out the tune on a ukelele as confirmed by the shadows on bbc radio 2 documentary '' out of the shadows .
24	'' credits and personnel britney spears -- lead vocals and background vocals bloodshy & avant -- songwriting , mixing , programming , keyboards , bass and guitar henrik jonback -- songwriting and guitar kasia livingston -- songwriting and background vocals credits adapted from circus liner notes .
19	'' eruption '' starts with a short accompanied intro with alex van halen on drums and michael anthony on bass .
9	track listing personnel neige - vocals , guitar , bass , synth , drums audrey sylvain - vocals on '' sur l'autre rive je t ` attendrai .
30	history early career ( 1987 -- 1994 ) the urge was originally formed in 1987 by webster groves high school classmates jeff herschel ( drums ) , karl grable ( bass ) , and pat malecek ( guitar ) .
45	members lead vocalist sydney sierota graham jeffery david sierota ( born february 5 , 1999 ) - drums sydney grace ann sierota ( born april 21 , 1997 ) - lead vocals noah jeffery david joseph sierota ( born january 1 , 1996 ) - bass and backing vocals jamie jeffery david harry sierota ( born april 9 , 1993 ) - guitar and backing vocals influences echosmith is described as an indie rock and 80 's dance-rock - influenced band .
17	personnel kenny rogers -- vocals barry gibb -- background vocals , guitar maurice gibb -- guitar , bass , synthesizer tim renwick -- guitar george terry -- guitar george bitzer -- piano , synthesizer albhy galuten -- piano , synthesizer ron ziegler -- drums joe lala -- percussion peter graves -- horns whit sidener -- horns ken faulk -- horns neal bonsanti -- horns barry gibb version barry gibb 's original version of '' you and i '' was the second song intended for kenny rogers ' new album .
20	the band has its own distinctive sound , particularly distinguished by lead melodic roles being filled by button-key accordion and bass along with the vocal , and has received substantial critical notice through the years .
21	after the split of dungeon , he decided to use the lord name for his new band , comprising himself , bass player andrew dowling , guitarists such as mark furtner and mav stevens , and drummer tim yatras .
22	track listing source : allmusic personnel don anderson -- guitar john haughm -- vocals , guitar , drums jason william walton -- bass shane breyer -- keyboards ( anderson 's then-girlfriend performed the operatic vocals on '' she painted fire across the skyline '' and '' as embers dress the sky '' .
25	track listing personnel laura jane grace -- vocals , guitar , '' panther '' cover james bowman -- guitar , backup vocals andrew seward -- bass , vocals warren oakes -- drums , vocals butch vig -- producer rich costey -- mixer music video two music videos were produced for this song .
13	members tenor : rob menaker lead : john sasine baritone : jeff baker bass : brett littlefield nightlife is a barbershop quartet and winner of the 1996 international championship from the society for the preservation and encouragement of barbershop quartet singing in america , inc. starting from similar roots that flourished in the five-time world champion men 's chorus , the masters of harmony , nightlife is only the second international quartet champion in barbershop history to win gold alongside its parent chorus , which attained the same triumph on the same stage in the same year .
2	yuhsuke -- bass , previously in punクレア , currently in brother .
12	the album also features gary husband on drums , mick hutton on bass , phil robson on guitar and paul edmonds on piano .
18	track listing credits ben read - vocals gary smith - guitar william cleverdon - guitar brent fox - bass steven westerberg - drums 8 foot sativa 's drummer at the time , corey friedlander , was planned to play the drums for this album but was unable to perform to the standard required of the album 's producer .
18	richard leveridge ( or leueridge ) ( 19 july 1670 -- 22 march 1758 ) was an english bass singer of the london stage and a composer of baroque music , including many popular songs .
2	he played bass , guitar , and saxophone .
31	violet town 's members were wayne ( buz ) hissock on guitar and vocals , warren pitts on keyboards and vocals , peter van on drums , and luke blackburn on bass and vocals .
15	jimmy recca ( born 1949 ) is an american musician best known as a former bass player in the stooges via an incarnation that existed from early 1971 until their first break-up on july 9 , 1971 .
29	'' he stated that he had initially imagined offering '' slow down baby '' to someone like rap duo m.o.p. ronson provided the beats and played the guitar and bass , while angry played the claviola , organ and piano .
6	the song 's hook sample the bass of the 1981 song '' under pressure '' by queen and david bowie .
16	members brad hursh -- vocals , guitar jeff mcelyea -- guitar , piano vic zientara -- bass , backup vocals scott parjani -- drums , percussion ( died 1/3/2010 ) .
36	open space is a rock band from minsk , belarus comprising vitaly matievsky ( lead vocals , guitar ) , maxim mestovsky ( lead guitar , backing vocals , occasional harp ) , seva maslov ( bass ) and andrei malashenko ( drums , percussion ) .
9	personnel syu - guitar sho - vocals taka - bass junichi - drums yuhki - keyboards , hammond organ additional credits yasuyuki '' buddy '' hirahara - ( instrumental technician ) hitomi orima - ( female vocals on tr .
6	history the band was formed after bass player dave slave met vocalist rok outside an iron maiden concert in sydney in 1985 .
26	the song is played presumably by the '' house band , '' which includes sam on guitar , dr. chalmers on drums , and tovar on bass .
25	track listing cd : dvd : personnel bleeding through brandan schieppati -- lead vocals brian leppke -- guitars dave nassie -- guitars ryan wombacher -- bass , backing vocals marta peterson -- keyboards .
23	contemporary malagasy musical styles such as the salegy or tsapika have evolved from traditional styles modernized by the incorporation of electric guitar , bass , drums and synthesizer .
9	personnel robin gibb -- lead vocal maurice gibb -- bass , piano , mellotron barry gibb -- guitar , backing vocal vince melouney -- guitar colin petersen -- drums chart performance cover versions former yugoslav band siluete covered the song in 1967 .
20	they were almost ready to record their first demo when dylan left , and luke took his place on the bass .
21	( 25 ) personnel axl rose - lead vocals slash - lead guitar izzy stradlin - rhythm guitar duff mckagan - bass dizzy reed - organ matt sorum - drums '' bad apples '' '' bad apples '' is the 14th track on the album , and has only been performed live twice .
16	'' her music consists mainly of modernized remixes of old hindi songs , entailing a very bass - heavy sound with some hip hop elements .
37	on album recordings , the band at times has guest performers who play other instruments or play other instruments themselves , including a bodhran , flute , hammer , bones , fiddle , violin , banjo , bass , accordion , drums , and trumpet .
16	his voice was a light baritone , but he could also sing as a tenor , bass or even falsetto .
10	track listing personnel arjen lucassen - vocals , guitar , bass , keyboard , synthesizer .
11	the 5/4 time signature is quickly noted from the beginning rhythmic bass pattern .
49	the first pure prairie league recording was a george ed powell - penned composition , '' ( break me ) down to pieces '' with powell ( acoustic guitar and vocals ) , fuller ( lead guitar and vocals ) , mcgrail ( drums ) , kenny may ( bass ) and david workman ( pedal steel guitar ) .
22	about the band the band was formed in 1996 by guitar jonathan parant and roger tellier-craig , drummer felix morel , and bass jean-sebastian truchy .
9	, brighton , sussex ) , is a professional bass player , best known as a founder member of the 1960s pop group manfred mann , playing with the band in 1963 .
6	; former members shaun noronha - bass .
48	pour habit is planning on releasing their third full length album , the album will be titled '' fuck it '' current members chuck green ( vocals ) matt hawks ( guitar ) colin walsh ( drums ) eric walsh ( guitar , vocals ) steve williams ( bass , vocals ) former members shaun nix ( guitar ) discography albums 2007 suiticide 2011 got your back 2014 fuck it music videos evolution ( 2007 ) heads of state ( 2011 ) hell bent ( 2011 ) interviews - from thepunksite.com - from biav .
22	during this time , the band consisted of clint boge on lead vocal , kurt goedhart on guitar , glenn esmond on bass , and ben hall on drums .
10	at that time he alternated between playing rhythm guitar and bass , in addition to lead vocals .
16	'' track listing personnel art pepper -- alto saxophone george cables -- piano david williams -- bass elvin jones -- drums references sources richard cook & brian morton .
10	hughes & kettner is a german brand of guitar and bass amplifier , cabinets and effects processors .
20	andrew gruhn joined the band briefly on the moog synthesizer , whitney departed , and austin lindstrom took over the bass position , with joel habedank , formerly of sadie foster and the fuck yeahs , on drums .
24	the duo is supported live by a rotating cast of musicians adding classical and folk rock instrument ranging from cello , violin , upright bass , and horns to banjo , mandolin , accordion , and drums .
22	track listing recorded at van gelder studio in englewood cliffs , new jersey on january 10 , 1973 personnel ron carter - bass , arranger , conductor hubert laws - flute ( tracks 1 , 5 & 6 ) richard tee - electric piano , piano ( tracks 1 , 4 & 5 ) bob james - piano ( tracks 2 , 3 & 6 ) gene bertoncini ( track 5 ) , sam brown ( track 3 ) - guitar billy cobham - drums ralph macdonald - percussion ( tracks 1 & 4-6 ) robert honablue - engineer reception allmusic reviewer nathan bush states '' blues farm ' s excursions are enjoyable , but somewhat reserved .
16	track listing personnel the speaking canaries : damon che - guitar , vocals , drums , bass , percussion , glockenspiel , recording engineer noah leger - drums on half ( lower in the mix will be a sure indication .
5	their rendition -- which included bass singer richard sterban 's deep-voiced vocal solo on the chorus ( '' giddy up ba-oom papa oom papa mow mow '' ) -- would also become their biggest pop hit , peaking at no. 5 on the hot 100 that august .
18	it consists of angelica rylin ( vocals ) , andreas lindahl ( keyboard ) , teddy westlund ( bass ) , christopher vetter ( guitar ) , and daniel flores ( drums ) .
3	he initially sang bass roles but in 1970 expanded into the bass-baritone repertoire and found a particular affinity with wagner roles such as hans sachs ( die meistersinger von nürnberg ) , wotan ( der ring des nibelungen ) , and the dutchman ( the flying dutchman ) .
11	he joined musicians laval belle on drums , reggie mcbride playing bass , and joellen friedkin on keyboards to perform fourteen songs , some from each of his albums .
11	track listing personnel all instruments played by the finn brothers except bass on '' kiss the road of rarotonga '' by dave dobbyn .
4	stoner doom is often bass - heavy and makes much use of guitar effects such as fuzz , phaser or flanger .
9	members -- vocals -- guitar , backing vocals -- bass , backing vocals koishikawa -- drums discography ; studio albums , oricon albums chart peak position : no. 132 no. 55 no. 80 no. 41 no. 138 no. 62 ; singles , oricon singles chart peak position : no. 178 , oricon indies chart : no. 11 no. 67 oricon indies chart : no. 2 no. 44 no. 41 no. 38 no. 32 -- first ending theme of the ! anime no. 48 -- second ending theme of the kaichou wa maid-sama !
21	kashmir is a danish alternative rock band consisting of kasper eistrup ( vocals and lead guitar ) ; mads tunebjerg ( bass ) ; asger techau ( drums ) and henrik lindstrand ( keyboards and guitar ) .
11	track listing personnel robert luciani -- lead vocals rasmus hemse -- bass christian schreil -- drums leonard östlund -- guitar acle kahney ( member of tesseract , ex - fellsilent ) , of 4d studios , mixed and mastered this album .
26	the initial line-up featured darren rademaker ( vocals , guitar ) , darren 's ex-wife anh do rademaker ( keyboards ) and brother brent rademaker ( bass , vocals ) as well as ben knight ( guitar ) , christopher gunst , brent 's partner in beachwood sparks , ( drums ) and dave scher ( guitars ) .
5	the parts for tenor and bass are missing .
31	following king 's exit , roland vaughn kerridge took over on drums and later , after craig 's departure , musician thomas dolby introduced the band to ex - gloria mundi bass player nigel ross-scott , thus completing re-flex 's final and perhaps best-known line-up .
19	backing howlin ' wolf on vocals are otis spann on piano , hubert sumlin on guitar , dixon on bass , and fred below on drum .
12	members baruch ben yitzhak ( guitar , vocals ) marc lazare ( bass , vocals ) issar tennenbaum ( drums , vocals ) yaki gani ( keyboards , guitar ) past members eli lulai amir tzoref other significant contributors danny recht - production on ha'ish shera'a hakol noam ledderman - drums on behazara l'shablul gadi pugatsch - keyboards and vocals noam rapaport - mellotron and piano on supermarket jim diamond - production on nationwide ^ ^ producer engineer amiel worked in his first demos that actually are rare and desirable pieces in the underground market .
19	personnel john lennon - vocals , rhythm guitar earl slick , hugh mccracken - lead guitar tony levin - bass george small - keyboards andy newmark - drums arthur jenkins - percussion covers the song was covered by o.a.r. for , amnesty international 's campaign to alleviate the crisis in darfur .
31	as a side-project of mabbitt during his part in escape the fate , the remaining required members he recruited to start the word alive were chosen to be nick urlacher ( bass ) , dusty riach ( keyboard ) and tony aguilera ( drums ) .
7	personnel hide -- vocals , guitar , bass joe -- drums eric westfall -- mixing engineer , recording engineer ( at sunset sound ) s. husky höskulds -- assistant engineer ( sunset sound factory ) daiei matsumoto -- recording engineer ( at hitokuchizaka-studio ) kazuhiko inada -- recording engineer hiroshi nemoto -- assistant engineer ( hitokuchizaka-studio ) kevin dean -- assistant engineer ( sunset sound ) reception '' ever free '' debuted at number one on the japanese oricon weekly charts , replacing his previous single '' pink spider '' , with sales of over 516,000 in the initial week .
12	track listing personnel justin sane -- guitar / vocals andy flag -- bass / vocals pat thetic -- drums andy wright mixed tracks 4,6,7,8,12,13,16 , and 17 .
15	music the work is scored for soprano , two violin , viola , cello and bass ; the tempo marking is andante grazioso , the time signature is 2/4 time , the key signature is a major .
25	cootie williams -- trumpet lou mcgarity -- trombone les robinson -- alto sax skippy martin -- baritone sax john guarnieri -- piano artie bernstein -- bass jo jones -- drums april 1 , 1942 , chicago .
30	they formed in 1990 and originally comprised rick witter ( vocals ) , joe johnson ( guitar and keyboards , later replaced by paul banks ) , tom gladwin ( bass ) and alan leach ( drums ) .
5	personnel paul mccartney vocal , bass , handclaps john lennon harmony vocal , rhythm guitar , handclaps george harrison backing vocal , lead guitar , handclaps ringo starr drums , handclaps george martin producer norman smith engineer cover versions at least four cover versions of this song have been recorded .
19	while there the band added the fourth section by '' pissing about with pro tools '' , looping the bass from the end of the third section '' by accident '' to create the musical backing .
12	composed of craig mercer on guitar and vocals , mike macdougall on bass , aaron collier on keyboards and effects , and nick wombolt on drums , the band has been most often described as rocktronica .
33	shows cancelled shows personnel band jon bon jovi -- lead vocals , guitar richie sambora -- lead guitar , background vocals , talkbox ( last show on march 17 ) hugh mcdonald -- bass , background vocals tico torres -- drums david bryan -- keyboards , background vocals .
65	created from a confluence of composition or improvisational and performance quality , this is usually at a climactic point of a song or aria , in which the singer 's melody makes a large interval jump to the song 's highest note ( especially for female soprano singers or male tenor or countertenor singers ) or falls to its lowest note ( especially for male bass or baritone singers ) .
6	personnel paul mccartney - vocals , bass linda mccartney - backing vocals hugh mccracken - guitar denny seiwell - drums denny laine - backing vocals new york philharmonic - orchestral arrangement critical assessment john blaney suggests that mccartney 's decision to include this song on red rose speedway may have been triggered by his realization that the album project was faltering , but suggests that '' little lamb dragonfly '' is '' too cute for its own good , '' stating that while '' it may be marginally better than much of what wings recorded for red rose speedway , it still '' fails to satisfy .
36	personnel neither d'arcy wretzky nor her replacement melissa auf der maur were present at the recording , leaving only three of the four core members active in the band at the beginning and end , so bass duties were handled by billy corgan as can be seen in the aforementioned '' studio '' video .
17	on the session , joey murcia plays guitar , george bitzer on keyboards , harold cowart on bass and ron '' tubby '' zeigler on drums .
16	in the second section of the sanctus , josquin composes a two-part canon for alto and bass .
48	( chuugyou tv ) heavenly voice ( narration ) music performed endings 2-4 on kinnikuman performed the opening to oyo neko būnyan performed on the urusei yatsura , hokuto no ken , kinnikuman , and city hunter soundtracks performed theme song to 1993 kaiketsu zorori short film played bass in a band called slapstick with fellow japanese voice actors toshio furukawa , toru furuya , and kazuyuki sogabe .
12	chicken scratch is usually played with a band including alto saxophone , bass , guitar , drums and accordion , though the original style used only percussion , guitar and violin , with the accordion and saxophone added in the 1950s .
11	he himself was the teacher of a number of important british bass , including robert lloyd , willard white , john tomlinson and gwynne howell .
36	the band was founded in 1996 by peter '' balboa '' brugger ( guitar , vocals ) , florian '' rakete '' weber ( drums , vocals ) , and rüdiger '' rüde '' linhof ( bass ) .
19	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , cornett , trombone , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
26	wolfmother/solo band members ; current lineup andrew stockdale -- lead vocals , lead guitar ( 2000 -- present ) vin steele -- drums ian peres -- bass , keyboard , backing vocals ( 2009 -- present ) ; former touring members hamish rosser -- drums ( 2012 -- 2013 ) aidan nemeth -- rhythm guitar ( 2009 -- 2012 ) will rockwell-scott -- drums ( 2010 -- 2012 ) elliott hammond - harmonica , tambourine , pianist .
46	the band 's initial line-up featured pär wiksten ( vocals , guitar ) , christina bergmark ( born 1 march 1963 ) ( keyboards , vocals ) , stefan schönfeldt ( born 5 june 1965 ) ( guitars ) and his younger brother fredrik schönfeldt ( bass ) with gunnar karlsson ( drums ) and björn malmquist ( violin ) .
11	members toby morse -- vocals freddy cricien -- vocals hoya -- bass mackie jason -- drum david kennedy -- guitar chad gilbert -- additional performance and songwriting benji madden -- background vocals on '' are you ready ?
40	background the band formed in late 2012 by nathaniel hoho ( lead vocals , guitar ) ; jesse kotansky ( guitar , violin , backup vocals ) ; jacob generalli ( keys , backup vocals ) ; dan krysa ( bass , backup vocals ) ; and christopher heinz ( drums ) .
8	history early years corrales began playing guitar and bass in rock band during high school , and later became more involved in electronic music and turntablism .
20	personnel george harrison lead vocal , lead guitar john lennon backing vocal , rhythm guitar paul mccartney backing vocal , bass ringo starr drums , african drum george martin producer norman smith engineer anne murray version anne murray included a cover of '' i 'm happy just to dance with you '' on her 1980 album somebody 's waiting .
49	this second group of new recruits consisted of gospel vocalists ; first tenor bill pinkney ( of the jerusalem stars ) , second tenor andrew thrasher and baritone gerhart thrasher ( both formerly of the gospel group , the '' thrasher wonders '' ) , and willie ferbee as bass , with walter adams on guitar .
15	raised on the road in a show-business family , she learned to play cello , bass , banjo , violin , mandolin , harp , accordion , clarinet , trumpet , and saxophone at professional levels by the time she was 15 .
60	for contractual reasons , the digital release of this reissue omits the bbc session recordings : however , it adds four additional versions which were omitted from the cd at the band 's request : personnel tim burgess -- vocals , harmonica john baker -- guitar rob collins -- mellotron , organ , piano , backing vocals martin blunt -- bass jon brookes -- drums charts album single certifications notes willis , d. the charlatans : the authorised history , virgin books , 1999 .
23	the band is the brainchild of singer / guitar jf coley , joined by jocelyn blanchette on the drums and david jalbert on bass .
8	it was produced by the rolling stones ' bass player bill wyman .
45	the original 1963 formation of six was founded in reggio emilia : augusto daolio ( vocals ) , beppe carletti ( keyboards ) , franco midili ( guitar ) , leonardo manfredini ( drum ) , gualtiero gelmini ( sax ) , antonio campari ( bass ) .
34	the jags were a british rock band formed in north yorkshire in 1978 , composed of nick watkinson ( vocals ) , john alder ( guitar / backing vocals ) , steve prudence ( bass ) , firstly neil whittaker and then alex baird ( drums ) , michael cotton ( bass/backing vocals ) and patrick o'toole ( piano/keyboard ) .
38	the basic track for '' proud mary , '' as with the other songs on the album , was recorded by john fogerty ( lead guitar ) , tom fogerty ( rhythm guitar ) , stu cook ( bass ) , and doug clifford ( drum ) at rca studios in hollywood , california , with john overdubbing instruments and all the vocals later .
18	personnel paul banks -- lead vocals , guitar daniel kessler -- lead guitar , piano carlos dengler -- bass , keyboards sam fogarino -- drums , percussion additional personnel alan moulder mixer claudius mittendorfer engineer greg calbi mastering engineer charts to date , the album has sold around 400,000 copies worldwide .
20	as a founding member of the highly influential band orange 9mm , traynor developed a unique style of guitar and bass in the studio .
14	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is intimately scored for soprano and bass soloists , a four-part choir only in the chorale , oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
23	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is richly scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , cornett , three trombone , two oboe , taille ( tenor oboe ) , flauto traverso ( or violin ) , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
38	jubilate agno in music the text of jubilate agno is the source for rejoice in the lamb , a festival cantata composed by benjamin britten in 1943 for four soloists , a soprano , alto , tenor and bass choir , and organ .
19	'' track listing limited-edition bonus track personnel ; band members thomas hedlund -- drums and percussion andreas johansson -- bass fredrik kihlberg -- guitar and vocals magnus lindberg -- drums and engineering erik olofsson -- guitar and graphic design johannes persson -- guitar and vocals anders teglund -- keyboards kristian karlsson -- additional recording måns lundberg -- additional recording vertikal ii vertikal ii is an ep by the swedish rock band cult of luna that was released on september 17 , 2013 through density records / indie recordings .
13	the initial line-up was siddall on guitar and vocals with lisa harker on bass and katie james on drums .
20	the track begins with an intro with a lead guitar melody , which plays twice , accompanied by drums , bass , distorted rhythm guitar and saxophone .
24	he also released the compilation album legacy of brutality in 1985 , consisting of unreleased misfits material on which had overdubbed new guitar and bass tracks .
16	personnel alex lloyd -- co - producer , guitar , vocals , programming , drums , bass ; additional musicians louise morgan -- spoken word trent williamson -- programming , harmonica terapai richmond -- drums daniel denholm -- string arrangement , vocal arrangement clayton doley -- organ ; technical personnel ed buller -- co-producer , programming trent williamson -- co-producer chart performance album black the sun peaked at # 9 on the australian charts and was in the top 50 albums for 28 weeks .
26	the band is currently composed of ryan tibbs ( lead vocals / guitar ) , will crowden ( drums / percussion ) , cesar corral ( bass ) , brent shumard ( saxophonist , percussion , synth ) matt zimmerman ( saxophonist , keyboard , synth ) and benjamin bassett ( lead guitar / lead vocals ) .
14	track listing disc 1 disc 2 personnel - lead vocals - guitar masaki - bass with katsuji - drums mie - backing vocals on '' advance !
27	the band has four members : swapnil sharma in vocals , prashant vk in rhythm guitar , prakash rasailey in lead guitar , and amit pradhan in bass .
14	personnel slaughter dave hewson -- lead vocals , guitar , lyrics terry sadler -- bass , vocals , arrangement ron sumners -- drums , percussion , arrangement technical personnel brian tailor -- production ted kent -- engineering mike busija -- mixing godflesh cover '' f.o.d. ( fuck of death ) '' was covered by english industrial metal band godflesh , after its reunion in 2010 .
16	bassist doug peyton joined halifax in-between the two recording sessions , hence singer mike hunau played bass on the giordano-produced tracks .
25	track listing personnel hansi kürsch - vocals andré olbrich - guitar marcus siepen - guitar frederik ehmke - drums guest musician : oliver holzwarth - bass video the video for another stranger me was filmed by director ivan colic .
4	t$ uyo$ hi -- bass zax -- drums ; former members jin -- guitar jin is currently vocalist for high speed boyz , he has also produced for groups such as greeeen , the band of his brother hide , and bareeeeeeeeeen , the combination group of both greeeen and back-on .
15	naoko sang lead and played guitar , nakatani was also a lead singer and played bass and keyboards , and atsuko sang backing vocals , played drums , and designed their stage outfits .
56	track listing credits producer : tom brooks executive producers : michael coleman - executive producer ed lindquist - executive producer don moen - executive producer worship leader : don moen - worship leader musicians : carl albrecht - drums and percussion j. hayes - guitar tom brooks -- keyboards don moen -- piano jay hungerford - bass vocals : leanne albrecht - vocals lenny leblanc - vocals anne barbour - vocals debbie amundson - vocals jamie owens-collins - vocals kelly willard - vocals jeff hamlin - vocals john barbour - vocals notes o come all ye faithful and joy to the world are the same songs that are on the album lord of all performed by charlie leblanc the same label as the label hosanna ! music , was released in 1988 .
6	this album features former roxy music bass player gary tibbs in place of kevin mooney , the bassist from kings of the wild frontier .
21	the album presents a studio performance of leader and saxophonist ken stubbs with django bates on piano , mick hutton on bass and martin france on drums , recorded over 2 days in july , 1985 in norway .
18	they helped set the template for subsequent rock bands such as the beatles , with their guitar - bass - drums arrangements and tendency to write their own material .
12	one of the multi-instrumentalists in the band , pierson played guitar , bass and various keyboard instruments .
15	he also brought along his longtime friend and pure-x bandmate peter stålfors , who assumed bass duties .
9	personnel the outfield tony g lewis - vocals , bass john frederick spinks - electric & acoustic guitar , keyboards ; lead vocals on '' under a stone '' and '' jane '' additional personnel simon dawson - drums , percussion david fitzgerald - sax alvin lee - lead guitar stephen marcussen , ian thomas - programming reg webb - piano production adapted from allmusic .
7	jimi hendrix vocals , guitar noel redding bass mitch mitchell drums set lists the set list for the first three dates of the tour remain unclear , though are known to have included '' hey joe '' , planned as the band 's first single ; howlin ' wolf 's '' killing floor '' ; '' land of a thousand dances '' , popularized by wilson picket ; otis redding 's '' respect '' ; and don covay 's '' mercy , mercy '' , which hendrix usually referred to as '' have mercy '' .
11	most of coulton 's recordings feature his singing over guitar , bass , and drums ; some also feature the various other instruments coulton plays , including accordion , harmonica , mandolin , banjo , ukulele , and glockenspiel .
16	a baritone is a type of classical male singing voice whose vocal range lies between the bass and the tenor voice type .
7	sarmad sings ; plays the guitar , bass , and drums .
19	the band consists of rhiannon '' ritzy '' bryan ( lead vocals , guitar ) , rhydian dafydd ( bass , backing vocals ) , and matthew james thomas ( drums , percussion ) .
6	as a young man he sang bass in the church choir , in the san diego bach chorus , in choral workshops under roger wagner at san diego state university , and in madrigal groups for '' dancing on the green '' , an elizabethan-era folk dancing event held in front of the old globe .
12	outbound is the fourth solo album by stuart hamm , an american bass player known for his playing style and work with artists such as steve vai .
21	two of schikaneder 's blood relatives were also his professional associates : urban schikaneder ( 1746 -- 1818 ) , a bass , was emanuel 's older brother .
7	with the addition of didier vancampo ( bass ) and yves callaert ( guitar ) , a complete live-band was formed .
6	use by rush limbaugh the opening bass riff from this song '' was something that tony butler used to play just as a warm-up , '' said steve churchyard , the engineer for the record .
12	personnel ozzy osbourne - vocals zakk wylde - guitar bob daisley - bass john sinclair - keyboards randy castillo - drums motörhead version motörhead 's recording of the song was used in the movie , and in 1992 was released as the a-side of the single and as the sixth track on their tenth studio album , march ör die .
26	specifically , david nelson 's guitar work and buddy cage 's steel work add pizzazz to even the most mundane song , while dave torbert 's bass adds infinite bottom end .
3	robertson also played bass and keyboards on the album .
39	karl formes ( 1815 -- 1889 ) karl johann franz formes ( b. mülheim am rhein , 7 august 1815 ; d. san francisco , 15 december 1889 ) , also called charles john formes , was a german bass opera and oratorio singer who had a long international career especially in germany , london and new york .
47	'' , '' world turning '' , and '' watch city blues '' current members brownbag johnson - '' the king of sling '' all dirtcore , slide guitar , vocals , songwriter , ( former members ) howlin ' jack boone - vocals bud black - bass whitey trasher - drums billy z. bubb - drums peterbilt wilson - drums reverand brixx - vocals the band also has smokin ' hott female background singers/dancers called , '' bbq girlz '' that perform live , and are featured on some recordings .
20	a new version of the song is also included on the 2001 compilation album , featuring italian singer nek playing bass .
16	members current members regular members ; lead vocal , guitar and mc talking ; vocalist and bass ; vocalist and drum ; vocalist and percussion supporting members ; vocalist and keyboard ; vocalist , guitarlist and keyboardist former members ; vocalist and keyboardist ( 1980-1994 ) ; vocalist and keyboardist ( 1998-2001 ) history four amateur musicians of kaname nemoto , kiyoshi kakinuma , masami terada and toshikatsu '' voh '' hayashi , from saitama prefecture , first formed the band called in 1979 , to participate in the yamaha popular song contest , where they won the best song award with a song of the .
24	early life , musical training , early successes he started playing music at the age of 8 with guitar and later learned piano , bass , accordion and various other stringed instrument .
20	personnel neil finn - vocals , piano , guitar noel crombie - vocals , percussion nigel griggs - vocals , bass eddie rayner - keyboards ricky fataar - drums covers the song has been covered a number of times by other bands .
34	members stiv bators ( steve bator ) -- vocals cheetah chrome ( gene o'connor ) -- lead guitar jimmy zero ( william wilden ) -- rhythm guitar jeff magnum ( jeff halmagy ) -- bass johnny blitz ( john madansky ) -- drums discography the dead boys only have two official full length studio releases , however many labels have released rough material and outtakes in the years following their initial 1979 breakup .
7	through early 1991 hanna and wilcox swapped bass player and lead singer duties halfway through the set , and wilcox also played guitar .
35	members ; current members dave claibourne -- lead vocals ( 1991-1995 , 1998 , 2010-2012 , 2014-present ) steven andrew miller -- guitar ( 1991-1995 , 1998 , 2010-2012 , 2014-present ) rob moran -- bass ( 1991-1995 , 1998 , 2010-2012 , 2014-present ) todd beattie -- drums , percussion ( 1991-1995 , 1998 , 2010-2012 , 2014-present ) ; former members eric allen -- guitar , backing vocals ( 1991-1995 , died 1998 ) discography full-length albums ritual ( 1993 ) new age records life .
32	the undead is a horror punk band formed in october 1980 in new milford , new jersey by bobby steele ( vocals and guitar ) , chris '' jack '' natz ( bass ) and patrick blanck ( drums ) .
46	at the time , the band consisted solely of matthew scannell and keith kane , who together did all the writing , singing , and producing for the album , as well as playing all instruments used ( mostly acoustic guitar , with little percussion and bass ) .
42	john coltrane 's admiration led to recordings for impulse records , the first of which was four for trane in 1964 , an album of mainly coltrane compositions on which he was sided by his long-time friend , trombonist roswell rudd , bass reggie workman and alto player john tchicai .
12	in elementary and junior high school , she learned the trumpet and bass .
19	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
22	track listing all compositions by barre phillips recorded at studio bauer in ludwigsburg , west germany in june 1979 personnel barre phillips bass john surman soprano saxophone .
10	the cavatina '' '' is an aria for baritone or bass from the opera the marriage of figaro by wolfgang amadeus mozart .
24	track listing personnel chuck billy -- vocals eric peterson - lead and rhythm guitars alex skolnick -- lead and rhythm guitars greg christian - bass louie clemente -- drums ; additional background vocals mark walters bogdan jablonski willy lang elliot cahn front cover painting by william benson .
18	members the cd inlay of oblivion names the members simply as : sigh - vocals john mac - bass al mogg - drums chi - guitar '' sigh '' is actually a pseudonym for simon denbigh , formerly of the march violets brian may d-rok owes some popularity to the fact that brian may , guitarist of queen played on two of the songs ( get out of my way and red planet blues ) .
8	band members care failure lead vocals geddy lee bass alex lifeson lead guitar ian thornley rhythm guitar , vocals jeff burrows drums adam gontier rhythm guitar , vocals in some live shows , geddy lee was replaced by andy curran , and adam gontier did n't play .
24	the album features longstreth on guitar and vocals , amber coffman on vocals and guitar , brian mcomber on drums , nat baldwin on bass , and susanna waiche on vocals .
20	the band 's original lineup consisted of jason navarro on vocals , dan lukacinsky on guitar , jason brake on bass , and stefan rairigh on drums .
34	late in 1986 , the original members parted ways , creating a void until dave coutts , mark templin & steve coutts brought in lisa marie presley 's first husband danny keough to play bass .
21	the electric guitars are out of tune or out of phase and clash with the organ and piano chords , the bass has spanish inflections , and the mix is raw with a sound similar to garage rock .
17	matthew moses brunson is the guitarist for sludge metal band crowbar , replacing steve gibb , and bass player for kingdom of sorrow .
17	having completed the tracking of the drums and guitars , as well as the recording of the bass and vocals , the band announced that the mastering stages were scheduled for completion by october 1 , 2008 .
16	personnel rainer bauer : electric & twelve-string guitar , vocal ulrich leopold : electric & acoustic bass krischke : drums , piano angelika filanda : drums , vocal ella bauer : drums , percussion , vocal uschi obermaier : maracas helge filanda : conga , vocal rerelease information since its debut in 1969 on metronome ( and its concurrent stateside release , the album has been re-issued a total of nine times .
7	song information it was written by former bass player gary valentine , a/k/a gary lachman , for his then girlfriend lisa jane persky before his departure from the band .
17	members current dana robertson - guitars and vocals marco rocca - guitar and vocals jamie oldfield - bass tom '' t-bone '' antle - drums former dave ?
51	its original lineup was furay ( vocals and rhythm guitar ) , messina ( lead guitar , vocals , producer ) , rusty young ( pedal steel guitar , banjo , dobro , guitar , mandolin and vocals ) , george grantham ( drums and vocals ) and randy meisner ( bass and vocals ) .
11	personnel noel gallagher -- vocals , lead guitar andy bell -- bass zak starkey -- drums gem archer -- guitar , keyboards reception most reviewers acclaimed the track as one of the highlights of do n't believe the truth , which itself was widely praised as a marked return to form .
3	griffin was the bass player and founder member of early 1990s indie punk band , ned 's atomic dustbin , who had 5 top 40 hit single and a top 5 album godfodder which sold more than half a million copies in 1990 .
8	they were joined by the screen gemz ' bass player alfie thomas , drum bryn burrows , and keyboardist john warwicker in forming a proto - electroclash / new wave band whose name was a graphic squiggle , which was subsequently given the pronunciation freur .
5	there are no drums or bass instruments .
3	he is the bass singer .
9	photo of jeremy white jeremy white is an english bass , with an international career in opera , concerts and recording .
10	band members john mayer lead vocals , guitar pino palladino bass steve jordan drums , backing vocals discography live albums video albums singles awards and nominations footnotes 11 .
36	members mark mccoy - vocals ( charles bronson , failures , arts , haxan , ancestors , veins , vmw , holy molar ) marcel wiebenga - drums ( oil , guidingline ) nate wilson - bass ( monster x , devoid of faith , jba , deathsquad , haxan , by the throat ) jeroen vrijhoef - guitar ( mainstrike ) .
8	it is still used on reissue guitar and bass models from that era .
14	'' their personnel as of 2009 are mike phelan : guitar , dobro , bass , fiddle , lead & harmony vocals , writer .
17	stefano palatchi ( born 26 march 1960 ) is a spanish opera singer who has sung leading bass roles in both spain and internationally where he is known for his stage skills , timbre and expressive singing .
53	we 're only human ( previously the incredible kidda band and the kicks ) were a british powerpop and rock band , formed in london on 1 july 1981 , and composed of alan hammonds ( guitar and vocals ) , john rollason ( guitar and backing vocals ) , keith taylor ( bass ) and mark '' tarky '' bates ( drum and backing vocals ) .
30	the band consists of rukus ( rapper ) , dwaine hayden ( singer ) , craig dawkins ( keyboards ) , james dawkins ( drums ) and pete sharpe ( bass ) .
114	track listing cd tracklist dvd tracklist accolades latin grammy award charts billboard albums certifications credits and personnel musicians rocío dúrcal -- ( vocals ) juan carlos giron , eric mora and manny lopez -- ( guitar ) bernardino de santiago -- ( guitarrón ) jose guadalupe alfaro -- ( vihuela ) karen dixon -- ( flute ) alfredo oliva -- ( concertina ) robert weiner -- ( oboe ) trevor newman , levi mora arriaga , jason carder , jim hacker -- ( trumpet ) john david smith and dwayne dixon -- ( horn ) dana teboe , john kricker -- ( trombone ) bebu silvetti -- ( piano ) julio hernandez -- ( bass ) richard bravo -- ( percussion ) susana de las heras -- ( vocals ) production producer , arranger , direction and production : bebu silvetti .
9	the group was originally composed of bill balough ( bass ) , john burdett ( drums ) , chris nunley ( vocals ) , tom richards ( guitar ) , billy taylor ( organ ) , and barry winslow ( vocals/guitar ) .
40	the band consists of kelly hoppe ( lead vocals , harmonica , saxophone , rhythm guitar ) , greg cox ( guitar , mandolin , banjo , vocals ) , luke pelotte ( drums ) , and josh zalev ( bass , vocals ) .
20	they were formed in 1988 by justin broadrick ( guitar , vocals , and programming ) and g.c. green ( bass ) and disbanded in 2002 .
14	track listing credits syu : guitar , backing vocals yama-b : vocals yu-to : bass junichi : drums yuhki : keyboards , hammond organ chart performance the album reached number 55 on the oricon album charts .
17	they recorded a demo , christ hunt , in 1991 , after which marco arends joined on bass .
7	personnel ; oingo boingo john avila - bass , vocals steve bartek - guitar danny elfman - vocals , rhythm guitar carl graves - keyboard , vocals johnny '' vatos '' hernandez - drums , percussion sam phipps - tenor & soprano saxophones leon schneiderman - baritone saxophone dale turner - trumpet , trombone ; additional musician bruce fowler - trombone inclusions in other media the boingo alive version of '' who do you want to be '' is featured on the soundtrack of the video games tony hawk 's american wasteland and tony hawk 's american sk8land .
11	it is one of very few beatles songs that lacks a bass track .
60	track listing dvd personnel ; supercell ryo -- writer shirow miwa -- cover illustration , illustrations huke -- cover & label artwork , illustrations redjuice -- illustrations suga -- illustrations maque -- cover background , illustrations yoshiki usa -- package design hei8ro -- photography 119 -- illustrations ; additional musicians okiya okoshi -- guitar miruku '' hime '' kokumaro -- bass ; production kazumitsu shimizu -- producer toyohiko arimoto -- executive producer yu tamura -- executive producer keiji kondo -- mixer yasuo matsumoto -- mixer okuda supa -- mixer hidekazu sakai -- mastering yukiko takata -- products coordination takayasu kuroda -- director , artist management yoshiaki fukuda -- products management notes by the major release of supercell , the illustrator 119 was no longer a member of supercell .
32	it is becoming increasingly common in a cappella and barbershop music circles to use the fifth voice as vocal percussionist , with the remainder being a traditional satb ( soprano alto tenor bass ) quartet , or perhaps ssaa or ttbb .
31	track listing personnel ; in flames anders fridén - vocals , additional percussion jesper strömblad - lead guitar , keyboards , additional percussion glenn ljungström - rhythm guitar johan larsson - bass björn gelotte - drums , percussion & additional lead guitar ; other personnel ulrika netterdahl - female vocals on '' whoracle '' the whoracle concept conjured and verbalized by niklas sundin and anders fridén .
31	it is scored for 5 voices ( in most sources , soprano ( s ) , alto ( a ) , tenor ( t ) , baritone ( bar ) and bass ( b ) , although some specify ssatb instead ) and presents the legend that swan sing only just before their death ( see swan song ) .
21	tyler dianocky ( guitar ) , dan davidson ( guitar ) , greg williamson ( drums ) and steve vincent ( bass ) first played together in a folk music band for paying shows before meeting matt landry ( vocals ) through mutual friends , after watching him perform solo .
17	suhr guitars ( officially js technologies inc ) is an american company that manufactures electric guitar and bass , guitar amplifier , and effect units .
21	members nifelheim live in 2006 hellbutcher ( per '' pelle '' gustavsson ) - vocals tyrant ( erik gustavsson ) - bass discography 1993 - unholy death ( demo ) 1994 - nifelheim 1997 - devil 's force 1997 - headbangers against disco vol .
23	the group then featured rabson on piano , vocals and guitar , adegbalola on vocals and guitar , and faye on vocals , bass , mandolin , violin and guitar .
53	personnel franco mussida -- vocals , electric & acoustic guitar , 12 string guitar , theorbo , mandocello flavio premoli -- spinet , keyboards , hammond organ , minimoog , mellotron , tubular bell , harpsichord , piano , vocals mauro pagani -- flute , piccolo , violin , vocals giorgio piazza -- bass , vocals franz di cioccio -- drums , percussion , vocals all-time ranking per un amico is ranked number 15 on the prog archives top studio albums of all-time .
19	track listing all tracks by anja orthodox personnel anja orthodox - vocal mariusz kumala - guitar krzysztof najman - bass janusz jastrzębowski - drums michał rollinger - keyboards music - closterkeller .
18	the group was made up of maurizio ( drums ) , alessandro ( singer ) , patrick ( bass ) and peco & fano ( guitar ) .
8	personnel sean brennan -- vocals , guitar , bass , keyboards , drums , programming , producer .
47	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for an unusual combination of instruments -- four oboes ( two oboes d'amore , two oboes da caccia ) and a violoncello piccolo -- in addition to four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir only in the closing chorale , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
26	12 '' ( uk ) 12 '' ( usa ) limited edition 7 '' poster sleeve personnel manu katché -- drums , percussion tony levin -- bass david rhodes -- guitar richard tee -- piano peter gabriel -- vocals , cmi , prophet , linn , piano simon clark -- chorus cs-80 kate bush -- guest vocals chart positions other versions peter gabriel and paula cole version the song was included in peter gabriel 's secret world live tour featuring singer paula cole .
24	the track fuses together styles of electronica , hip-hop and r & b and features contributions of numerous instruments , including : drum , bass , keyboard , electric guitar and horns .
11	singer john joseph subsequently parted ways with the band , leaving bass player harley flanagan to sing on the following cro-mags release , best wishes ( 1989 ) , which had a more heavy metal-influenced sound .
21	on raj raj the participants were alf vierth ( song ) , björn eriksson ( drums ) , elä malmberg ( bass , background song ) , harald berthelsen ( mandolin , tin whistle , background song ) , martin linder ( saxophone , background song ) , rickard elofsson ( trumpet , background song ) , stefan ståhl ( guitar , background song ) , svante sörmark ( guitar , background song ) and viktor brobacke ( trombone , harmonica , song on rätt sätt and background song ) .
8	sherrell soon began teaching himself to play the bass after buying one from a local pawn shop for $ 69 , which led him to join johnny jones & the king kasuals band , aretha franklin 's backing group .
5	i. am drum programming , bass , clavinet , organ , keyboards - will .
17	band line-up justin schlosberg -- vocals william mcgonagle -- guitar tom o'donoghue -- guitar james findlay -- bass joe birch -- drums history early days will mcgonagle and joe birch were two members of the former british band symposium .
19	the band consists of jon ( guitar , vocals , album production ) , and peter ( keyboards , bass , video director ) .
14	the two versions of ayler 's band heard on the record both feature two bass players , which '' sharpens the sound considerably , producing a rock-solid foundation for ayler 's raw witness '' .
22	its members were derek pascoe ( vocals / saxophone ) , mike holoway ( drum / percussion ) , jamie stone ( bass / vocals ) , john summerton ( guitar / vocals ) and bill rice ( keyboards ) .
17	the group originally called the cascades , initially consisted of tenor sonny caldwell and john whitney , bass singer kenny overby and baritone stanley brown .
11	maurel had believed heyner 's true range was that of a bass , but it proved to be baritone .
22	members current current paul moeller - singer and lyric writer and he plays the guitar as well ben schneider - plays the bass mark book - plays the drums rich oeffinger - lead guitar player music videos home made videos 1 .
13	personnel herbie hancock piano freddie hubbard trumpet george coleman tenor saxophone ron carter bass tony williams drums other versions ahmad jamal recorded a version of '' dolphin dance '' on his 1971 album the awakening .
3	captain sensible : bass on tracks 1 , 8 , 15 , 18 , 21 & 23 ; guitar on tracks 3 -- 5 , 7 , 11 , 13 , 14 , 16 , 17 , 19 , 20 , 22 & 24 .
31	personnel john vinci -- vocals richie cerniglia as '' richie c '' -- guitar mike maniscalco as '' mike coxton '' -- keyboard howie blume as '' howard davidson '' -- bass butch poveromo as '' jean paul gaspar '' -- percussion mike ricciardella -- drums george bitzer -- keyboard , synthesizer cover versions frankie valli recorded this song as a follow up to '' grease '' also written by barry .
38	rose commented on the difficulty of filming the video and how certain scenes inspired by the relationship with erin everly affected him emotionally : personnel axl rose lead vocals slash lead guitar izzy stradlin rhythm guitar duff mckagan bass matt sorum drums shannon hoon back up vocals steven adler drums ( demo version ) live '' do n't cry '' was performed quite frequently during the early tours and the use your illusion tour .
28	impresario ( narrator , spoken role ) arlecchino ( tenor ) , brighella ( baritone ) , dottor balanzon ( baritone ) capitan spaventa di valle inferna ( bass ) pantalone ( baritone ) tartaglia ( tenor ) pulcinella ( tenor ) orfeo ( tenor ) synopsis an impresario presents a performance of his commedia dell ` arte troupe .
17	biography nuclear death were formed on march 23 , 1986 , by lori bravo ( vocals , bass ) , phil hampson ( guitar ) , and joel whitfield ( drums ) .
22	biography members luke ferris ( lead vocals , piano and guitarist ) joshua murphy ( guitar , vocals ) michael godde ( bass , backing vocals ) spike rogers ( drums , programming ) .
37	they were characterized by their silent , emotionless presence , and by their instrumentation in the family band : banjo ( doug dillard ) , guitar ( rodney dillard ) , mandolin ( dean webb ) and bass ( mitch jayne ) .
13	) ) , a tsimbl ( cimbalom or hammered dulcimer ) , a bass or cello , and sometimes a flute .
19	more commonly known by his nickname woody , he joined the band after being introduced at a rehearsal by bass player mark bedford .
11	chris childs ( born 24 june 1959 ) is an english bass player who was a member of the hard rock band thunder from 1996 to 1999 and again from 2002 to 2009 .
16	26 ioana bentoiu , soprano lilliana bizineche , contralto florin diaconescu , tenor ion tibrea , bass concerto for cello and orchestra , op .
14	credits and personnel ; personnel madonna -- vocals , background vocals bernard edwards -- bass brenda king -- background vocals curtis king -- background vocals lenny pickett -- saxophone nile rodgers -- guitar , synclavier robert sabino -- synthesizer nathaniel s. hardy , jr . -- synthesizer frank simms -- background vocals george simms -- background vocals dave weckl -- drums tony thompson -- drums ; design jeri mcmanus -- art direction , design jeffrey kent ayer -- art direction , design steven meisel -- photography maripol -- stylist ; production madonna -- producer stephen bray -- producer nile rodgers -- producer jason corsaro -- engineer budd tunick -- production manager bob ludwig -- audio mastering jimmy bralower -- drum programming ; record company sire records -- record label , u.s. copyright owner ( 1984 , 1985 ) warner bros. .
18	the band spent five weeks on initial recordings at the grove studios , focusing on recording drum and bass parts and preliminary guitar and vocal takes , and then one and a half weeks at oasis studios recording additional vocal and guitar parts .
21	history 1968 1971 the band was formed in september 1968 by drummer jon hiseman , tenor sax player dick heckstall-smith and bass player tony reeves , who had previously worked together in john mayall 's bluesbreakers on the bare wires album .
25	track listing personnel fernanda takai - lead vocals , rhythm guitar john ulhoa - lead guitar , vocals , violin ; programming ricardo koctus - bass , vocals xande tamietti - drums lulu camargo - keyboards , piano special presentation andrea echeverri from the colombia band aterciopelados with '' tudo vai ficar bem '' curiosities the album was the first to be in digital format .
22	charles manners and alice barnett in iolanthe , 1882 charles manners ( 27 december 1857 3 may 1935 ) was a british bass singer and opera company manager .
30	this background rhythm runs faster than the often slow vocals or melody , and is created , typically , by two ukuleles , a cello , a guitar and a bass .
47	the codetalkers were a jazz , rock and roll band from savannah , georgia , composed of bobby lee rodgers , ( lead vocals , electric banjo , guitar , '' air trombone '' ) , mark raudabaugh ( drums , vocals ) and andrew altman ( bass , vocals ) .
13	the string instruments include the guitar ( both acoustic and electrical ) , bass , sitar , tumbi , violin and sarangi .
26	overview from monument to masses is an instrumental post-rock power trio composed of francis choung ( drums , keys , programming ) , sergio robledo-maderazo ( bass , keys , samples ) , and matthew solberg ( guitar , loops ) .
14	style while '' tender '' is a piano driven ballad , with guitar and bass effects driving the song along at the same time and the drums acting as a backbone of the songs musical structure , '' shatter '' is somewhat far removed from the latter .
34	the band 's original members were charlie waller on guitar and lead vocals , john duffey on mandolin and tenor vocals , bill emerson on banjo and baritone vocals , and larry lahey on bass .
4	their brothers were the bass thomas aynsley cook ( 1833 -- 1894 ) and the baritone john furneaux cook , and their sister , alice aynsley cook ( c. 1850 -- 1938 ) , was also an opera singer and musical comedy actress .
10	personnel bob morris - vocals , guitar chris faller - bass , backing vocals darren wilson - drums , backing vocals greta salpeter - piano , vocals recording so sudden was recorded at the gallery of carpet studios in villa park , il with owner/engineer/producer brian zieske .
26	personnel tim burgess -- lead vocals , harmonica mark collins -- guitar tony rogers -- mellotron , organ , piano , backing vocals martin blunt -- bass jon brookes -- drums ged lynch -- percussion ( 2,3,8,10 ) stacy plunk -- backing vocals ( 3,4,9 ) yvonne marx -- backing vocals ( 3,10 ) daniel lanois -- pedal steel ( 4 ) jim keltner -- percussion ( 4,12 ) critical reception q listed wonderland as one of the best 50 albums of 2001 .
20	it would later include '' artistas reunidos '' musicians max de castro , on guitar , and daniel carlomagno on bass .
19	in addition to the instrumentation on the field , the band has keyboards , marimba , electric guitar and bass as well as various singers .
25	with stryper being a sunset strip regular , tim joined the band in 1983 , and quickly rounded out the quartet 's sound with his bass , background vocals and keyboard skills .
27	in 1995 , after the release of leche con carne , their fourth full-length , chris shiflett and matt riddle joined the band to play guitar and bass , replacing ed gregor and steve papoutsis respectively .
30	side a : side b : side c : side d : performers rick froberg - guitar , lead vocals john reis - guitar , backing vocals mike kennedy - bass mark trombino - drums rob crow - backing vocals on '' luau '' album information record label : original cd release : interscope records ; vinyl release : head hunter records ; cd re-release : swami records recorded 1994 at westbeach recorders and big fish studios engineered by donnell cameron and mark trombino with assistance by joe peccerillo and paul waroff .
3	gary lunn : bass guitars .
27	4 runner was an american country music vocal group founded in 1993 by lead singer craig morris , baritone billy crittenden , tenor lee hilliard , and bass jim chapman .
21	production credits producer : mike vernon musician : david bowie : vocals , guitar derek boyes : organ dek fearnley : bass john eager : drum release history other releases '' london boys '' was re-released by decca in france in may 1975 and at the same time in the uk with '' love you till tuesday '' as the b-side .
20	for the album 's sound , king said he wanted to get away from the two guitar / drums / bass formula which has defined his past musical projects , and instead pursue a '' surfier acoustic pop thing with organs and synth .
31	members are pascal gemme ( fiddle , and vocals ) , yann falquet ( guitar , jaw harp , and vocals ) , and alexandre de grosbois-garand ( wooden flute , bass , and vocals ) .
7	the original line-up consisted of mooseman on bass , beatmaster v on drums and d-roc on rhythm guitar .
22	despite performing almost exclusively as a vocalist , martin is a multi-instrumentalist , stating in an interview that he plays guitar , bass , drums , violin , keyboards , harmonica , bagpipes , and pan pipes .
42	limited edition bonus cd-rom the album was also released as a limited edition featuring a cd-rom with the following tracks : personnel jonathan donahue -- words and acoustic guitar grasshopper -- moth-light guitars jeff mercel -- drums and piano dave fridmann -- bass and mellotron in other media in his album falling off the bone , comedian todd barry recounts the fact that , while in manhattan on september 11 , a friend of his in the crowd recognized barry and told him , '' the new mercury rev album is out .
4	) abbie travis -- bass ( 200 ?
21	their 1973 debut album fool 's wisdom sported a stellar cast of session musician including john wetton of king crimson on bass , rod edwards and roger hand of edwards hand on keyboards and percussion , veteran drummer clem cattini , and guitarist mickey keen of hudson ford .
3	curly russell -- bass max roach -- drums august 9 , 1949 , wor studios , new york .
14	musicians chuck berry -- vocals , guitar lafayette leake -- piano willie dixon -- bass fred below -- drum legacy berry 's recording of the song was included on the voyager golden record , attached to the voyager spacecraft as representing rock and roll , one of four american songs included among many cultural achievements of humanity .
21	following several early line-up changes , the band eventually settled on bob nanna on guitar and vocals , todd bell on bass , chris broach on guitar and vocals , and roy ewing on drums until he was replaced in 1997 by new drummer damon atkinson .
35	fyodor stravinsky as the miller in dargomyzhsky 's opera rusalka tomb of fyodor stravinsky in tikhvin cemetery in saint petersburg fyodor ignatievich stravinsky ( ) , , halavintsy , minsk governorate ) was a russian bass opera singer and actor .
5	band members david blundell - bass chris downton - guitar russ madge - guitar anna maria - vocals eddie smithson - drum john smithson - keyboards ; additional personnel paul lynton - producer tony norman - manager post mobiles blundell now lives in madrid , spain , and maria , who lives in seaford , east sussex and works in the health profession , said they were delighted the album was now available on cd .
8	personnel robin trower -- guitar livingstone brown -- bass , vocals , keyboards mayuyu -- drums album cover this was the sixth album cover created by paul olsen .
5	in 1929 , she and bass ivan patorzhynsky , representative singer from the ukraine , went on a concert tour to germany and italy .
16	personnel barry gibb - vocals , guitar robin gibb - vocals maurice gibb - vocals , bass blue weaver - keyboards , synthesizers , piano alan kendall - lead guitar dennis bryon - drums joe lala - percussion yvonne elliman version '' if i ca n't have you '' was recorded by yvonne elliman for the saturday night fever soundtrack .
17	personnel john feldmann -- rhythm guitar , lead vocals brian arthur -- lead guitar kelly lemieux -- bass darrin pfeiffer -- drums notes track no. 1 , '' my everything '' , was featured on the soundtrack of the video game ssx on tour .
30	track listing personnel atsushi sakurai - lead vocals hisashi imai - lead guitar , backing vocals hidehiko hoshino - rhythm guitar , acoustic guitar , backing vocals yutaka higuchi - bass toll yagami - drums additional performers tsutomu nakayama - keyboards , backing vocals jun-ichi tanaka - backing vocals production buck-tick - producers kazumitsu higuchi ; kazuo sawaki - executive producer shuuji yamaguchi - engineer , mixing hideaki ikeda ; kouki fukui - assistant engineers katsunori miyake - graphic design , cover art masanori kato - photography notes ^ \* originally released on the compilation album bt in 1999 .
36	the band was formed in lisbon in 1994 by tiago santos ( guitar ) , joão gomes ( keyboards ) , paulo muiños ( saxophone ) , nuno reis ( trumpet ) , francisco rebelo ( bass ) and melo d ( voice ) .
17	the members were larry livermore on guitar and vocals , kain kong ( kain hanschke ) on bass and vocals , and tré cool on drums and vocals .
28	however , by 1993 , wilson desired to work in a band environment , and so brought on frequent collaborators richard barbieri on keyboard , colin edwin on bass and chris maitland on drums as permanent band members .
15	lodewijk ( ludwig is the german cognate of dutch lodewijk ) was employed as a bass singer at the court of the elector of cologne , eventually rising to become kapellmeister ( music director ) .
7	he taught himself to play piano and bass , and made friends with zoro who would later become his long-time collaborator .
29	track listing personnel john lennon : lead vocal , rhythm guitar , lead guitar on matchbox , first solo on long tall sally paul mccartney : lead vocal , bass george harrison : lead guitar , rhythm guitar on matchbox ringo starr : drums , cowbell , lead vocal george martin : producer , piano other releases in the united states , the ep was split and released on the beatles ' second album ( '' long tall sally '' and '' i call your name '' ) and something new ( '' slow down '' and '' matchbox '' ) .
17	the band acquired two new members around this time to fill vital slots : richard d'andrea on bass and robert newman on drums .
7	'' in many respects the finest lyric bass of the twentieth century , and one of the most popular singers in history .
18	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , bass ) , a four-part choir , two flutes , two oboes d'amore , two violins , viola , two violas da gamba , two lutes and basso continuo .
15	track listing personnel performers jordan blilie -- vocals mark gajadhar -- drums morgan henderson -- bass , nord ii , piano , g4 cody votolato -- guitar johnny whitney -- vocals , guitar on '' salesman , denver max '' , wurlitzer piano , glockenspiel , lawnmower chava mirel -- backing vocals production and design ross robinson -- producer the blood brothers -- co-producer mike fraser -- engineer , mixer mike terry -- engineer , pro tools george marino -- mastering yaeger rosenberg -- layout concept and design cody votolato -- layout concept and design johnny whitney -- layout concept and design kirk huffman -- cursive / flakiness sean mcgahan -- bluest / love vinyl information 1st pressing : 500 on 180 gram vinyl .
17	members ale von diesel - vocals tuomas lustig - guitar jesper johnson - guitar jamo valtonen - bass antti lustig - drums biography full diesel was formed in 2003 in finland .
22	track listing personnel suzanne vega -- vocals , guitar gerry leonard -- acoustic and electric guitars , harmonium gail ann dorsey -- bass on tracks 1 , 2 , 6 and 8 .
16	david mills ( born 29 january 1929 , moose jaw , saskatchewan ) is a canadian bass , poet , composer and actor .
15	members christopher powell / pow pow -- drums tookie sherman -- keyboard chris reggiani -- bass a.i. -- vocal , banjo jamey robinson -- piano jim reggiani -- percussion griffin rodriguez -- megabass larry d. brown -- saxophone man durphic -- aestheticist magic ronston -- aestheticist discography need new body ( 2001 , file thirteen records / pickled egg records ) ufo ( 2003 , file thirteen records / pickled egg records ) where 's black ben ?
33	models guitar models currently include the master class , american series , oregon series , cascade series , atlas series , passport plus , and passport , as well as 12-string models and bass models .
24	the scoring of the piece is balanced towards higher voices , with six soprano , two alto , seven tenor , and only one bass , as well as a trio of recorders .
4	members ikegawa hiroki -- bass ( 2008 -- present ) takemura kazuki -- guitars ( 2006 -- present ) koie kenta -- lead vocals ( 2006 -- present ) amano tatsuya -- drums ( 2006 -- present ) tamano terufumi - programming , keyboards , backing vocals ( 2006 -- present ) ; groezrock 2013 , belgium file : 13-04-27 groezrock crossfaith kenta koie 05 .
27	- ( gabriel g. de león , previously known as bonno , born november 1984 ) drums , guitar joe - ( josé borunda ) guitar , bass , piano former member julio muñoz - now plays in the emo/math rock band no somos marineros ( born 1982 ) guitar discography ; studio albums ... and the jellyfish parade ( 2006 ) hoy a las ocho .
6	thompson gave santiago the choice of bass or lead guitar ; santiago chose to play lead .
20	it consisted of chris johnston ( vocals , guitar ) , scott owens ( guitar ) , tim marzaroti ( bass ) and rob dickey ( drums ) .
23	at the time of its formation , aqme 's line-up was composed of etienne on drums , ben on guitar , sophie on bass ( who will later be replaced by charlotte ) , and thomas on vocals .
5	young studied singing with the bass gustavus waltz and she made her professional debut appearing with him in concert on 18 march 1751 .
21	the current lineup includes kamille sharapodinov ( vocals and guitar ) , igor suvorov ( guitar ) , dmitry ogorodnov ( bass ) , albert vartanov ( drums ) and danila danilov ( vocals ) .
19	they were formed around 2009 by marino bursić on guitar , branko crnogorcić on drums , marko kalcić on bass and roberta paljar on keyboards .
13	'' '' ( you shall go no more ) is an aria for bass from mozart 's 1786 opera the marriage of figaro , k. 492 .
53	initially known in australia for their pub rock style , they later achieved mainstream success playing new wave and synthpop music and attained top 10 singles chart success in both europe and the u.s. the mainstay of both flowers and icehouse has been iva davies ( singer-songwriter , record producer , guitar , bass , keyboards , oboe ) supplying additional musicians as required .
7	other musicians involved include curly russell on bass and max roach on drums .
9	dr handmade strings is a manufacturer of guitar and bass strings located in emerson , new jersey .
9	rob swire -- synthesiser , mixing gareth mcgrillen -- bass peredur ap gwynedd -- guitar paul kodish -- drums christopher mayhew -- talkbox vocals simon askew -- mixing john davis -- mastering video personnel the following people contributed to the music video for '' the other side '' .
16	on november 1 , 2006 , phil cobrea announced that he would no longer be playing bass in this providence .
7	drums are played by jeff porcaro , bass by bob glaub , acoustic guitar and electric guitar are played by fred tackett , harmonies performed by david crosby and graham nash and the string section was arranged by david campbell .
6	doug marks is a guitar , bass , and guitar instructor .
9	chris hillman moved over to his old role of bass , making the new burrito line-up parsons , hillman , and pete kleinow with leadon and clarke .
9	the band currently consists of brothers henry chadwick ( bass and vocals ) and george chadwick ( guitar and vocals ) , and tyler raynes ( drums ) .
38	members rick driscoll -- vocals , guitar , born 1 may 1957 , enfield , middlesex , yan style ( born ian stile ) -- guitar , born 16 january 1955 , enfield , middlesex chris redburn -- bass , born 14 march 1956 , enfield , middlesex chris lacklison -- keyboards , born 15 october 1956 , london andy walton -- drums , born 1 october 1956 , enfield , middlesex discography singles 1973 '' heart of stone '' - reached number 11 in the uk charts , sung by tony kenny .
13	biography a native georgian , rodney began his music career in 1962 playing bass for the bushmen .
55	blind date was a german pop music group formed in 1984 , originally consisting of uwe schlürmann ( vocals and guitar ) , peter koch ( percussion ) , matthias baumgardt ( guitar ) , james michael griffin ( keyboard ) , amy & elaine goff ( vocals ) , mark oesterreich ( guitar , bass and vocals ) , roman müllenbach ( saxophone ) and bruce kent ( drums ) .
12	when the tryout ended , butala landed a job as singer / bass player in a lounge group , '' bill norvis and the upstarts '' , with gary clarke .
21	track listing personnel bleeding through brandan schieppati -- lead vocals brian leppke -- guitars dave nassie -- guitars ryan wombacher -- bass , backing vocals marta peterson -- keyboards .
31	single track listing video credits matt thiessen : lead vocals , guitar , piano matt hoopes : guitar , backing vocals dave douglas : drums , backing vocals john warne : bass , backing vocals jon schneck : guitar c.c . sheffield : girl on the street who controls time .
41	the members of the band are musicians with diverse and extensive musical backgrounds : maija sariola ( soprano ) , susanna hietala ( alto ) , jouni kannisto ( tenor ) , juha viitala ( baritone ) and tuukka haapaniemi ( bass ) .
17	is a japan pop rock band consisting of two members : on vocals and on guitar and bass .
8	these people 's folk music consisted of bowed bass , fiddle and sometimes a clarinet , with the later additions of drum , accordion and guitar .
15	'' personnel lou reed - lead vocal , lead guitar john cale - piano , bass sterling morrison - rhythm guitar maureen tucker - drums , tambourine cover versions velvet underground members lou reed , john cale , nico , and maureen tucker have all recorded solo versions .
11	current members tom galgano - keyboards , vocals john galgano - bass , guitar , vocals , keyboards paul bremner - guitars greg dimiceli - acoustic drums , percussion brian coralian - acoustic and electronic drums , percussion anmarie byrnes - vocals laura meade - vocals discography sliver of a sun .
14	john attended berklee college of music in boston with childhood friend john myung ( bass ) , where they met future bandmate mike portnoy ( drums ) .
11	personnel van morrison - vocal , rhythm guitar bill church - bass '' boots '' houston - tenor saxophone doug messenger - electric guitar mark naftalin - piano rick shlosser - drums jack schroer - alto and baritone saxophone covers dexys midnight runners british pop band , dexys midnight runners , originally recorded a live version of '' jackie wilson said ( i 'm in heaven when you smile ) '' in november 1981 at the old vic theatre , london .
13	they were joined in 1995 by antonis maratos ( originally percussion , later bass ) ; in 1997 by angelos polychronou ( percussion ) ; and in 2000 by florian mikuta ( keyboards ) .
17	jan ladislav rubeš cm ( 6 june 1920 29 june 2009 ) was a czech - canadian bass opera singer and actor .
9	personnel lefty bates guitar lonnie brooks guitar willie dixon bass earl phillips drums jimmy reed guitar , harmonica , vocals mary reed backing vocals eddie taylor guitar phil upchurch guitar track listing all songs by jimmy reed , except where noted .
39	music in this genre consists predominantly of instrumental remix of existing recordings and is achieved by significantly manipulating and reshaping the recordings , usually by removing the vocals from an existing music piece , and emphasizing the drum and bass parts ( this stripped-down track is sometimes referred to as a ' riddim ' ) .
20	the album again features core members ron jarzombek on guitar , bobby jarzombek on drums , and pete perez on bass alongside a plethora of guest musicians .
11	rancid includes tim armstrong on guitar and vocals , freeman on bass and vocals , lars frederiksen on guitar and vocals , and branden steineckert on drums .
13	scoring this cantata is written for soprano , alto , tenor , and bass soloists , four-part chorus , three trumpets , three oboe , oboe d'amore , oboe da caccia , two transverse flute , bassoon , two violins , viola , timpani , and continuo .
14	in addition to frederick and jill , the band consisted of dave reisch ( bass and vocals ) , robin remaily ( guitar and mandolin ) , teddy deane ( horns and woodwinds ) , richard tyler ( piano ) , and r. '' willy '' north ( drums ) .
35	track listing all tracks by debora iyall , peter woods , frank zincavage , benjamin bossi and larry carter personnel debora iyall -- vocals peter woods -- guitar benjamin bossi -- saxophone frank zincavage -- bass larry carter -- drums , percussion notes while the copyright is printed 1981 , it was released in january 1982 .
10	sung by bonnie , the arrangement featured slow guitar and bass parts building up to an almost gospel-style chorus using horns .
20	the current touring line up as of 2013 is alix kol ( violin , vocals ) ; mitch mclennan ( bass ) , andy davis ( drums ) and emma baker ( cello ) .
8	the sex brain ep features canaan faulkner ( bass ) , chris forbes ( electric guitar ) , keith hanlon ( drums , electric guitar ) , sarah jurcyk ( backing vocals ) , and horace roscoe ( alto saxophone ) .
17	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for three vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , and bass ) , a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , two oboe , two oboes d'amore , bassoon , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
19	uk cd : ape cd 002 personnel andy partridge -- instruments and vocals on all tracks colin moulding -- bass on 2 , 13 , 15 and vocal on 2 dave gregory -- piano on 8 , guitar on 13 and 15 , synth and drum programming on 15 , recording engineer on 8 , 15 terry chambers -- drums on 13 steve warren and ` bubble ' -- recording engineers on 13 credits all songs were recorded at andy 's home except 8 , 15 at dave 's home and 13 at redbrick studio , swindon town hall .
7	the original lineup consisted of harrison on bass and sands on guitar , with roger stamper on fiddle and charlie '' wichita '' wagoner playing mandolin .
26	hake went on to be a founder member of 18 wheeler , signed to creation records in the early 1990s , and continued to contribute occasional bass until they split in 1998 .
7	cornell and arnold recorded the guitar and bass parts themselves and hired a session musician for the drums .
9	male singers can be classified by vocal range as bass , bass-baritone , baritone , tenor and countertenor , and female singers as contralto , mezzo-soprano and soprano .
53	the recording the song was recorded on august 9 , 1953 , at atlantic studios and featured clyde mcphatter ( lead ) , bill pinkney ( top tenor ) , andrew '' bubba '' thrasher ( second tenor ) , gerhart '' gay '' thrasher ( baritone ) , and willie ferbie ( bass ) .
51	as the album was being completed , vance and pockriss created a seven-member touring band , comprising pat rizzo ( saxophone ) , rich dimino ( keyboards ) , bob gill ( trumpet / flugelhorn / flute ) , dave lavender ( guitar ) , andrew '' junior '' denno ( bass ) , joe cord ( vocals ) and danny valentine ( drum ) .
46	track listing personnel dionne warwick - vocals barry gibb - vocals , guitar , strings and horns arrangement tim renwick - guitar richard tee - piano george bitzer - piano , synthesizer albhy galuten - piano , synthesizer , strings and horns arrangement george perry - bass steve gadd - drums joe lala - percussion gary brown - saxophone peter graves , brett murphey , whit sidener , dan bonsanti , neal bonsanti , ken faulk - the boneroo horns george terry - guitar on '' heartbreaker '' dennis bryon - percussion daniel ben zebulon - percussion anita lopez - percussion karl richardson , dale peterson , neal kent , sam taylor-porter - engineer andy holfman , nicky kalliongis - mediasound the heartbreaker demos the heartbreaker demos is a demo version of the album by barry gibb .
15	members shorre mccolman -- vocals scott chalmers -- guitar / vocals matthew dean wispinski -- bass / vocals glenn thorpe - guitars jay may -- drums discography to date , keep 6 has released their independently recorded debut album humanifesto in 2007 , followed by a second album four fangs in 2010 , and are currently working on a third album .
21	ludwig kneiss ( born bundenthal , 11 november 1830 in -- died munich , 25 april 1900 ) was a german bass , baritone , and tenor singer and stage actor .
12	band members are paco holguin ( vocals ) , lufo armestar ( bass ) , gino solano ( lead guitar ) , jeremy castillo ( drums ) , jaime urteaga ( rhythm guitar ) .
14	as of 2013 , he tours with a 5-piece band including joey glynn ( bass ) , adam hoskins ( guitar ) , ryan koenig ( harmonica , washboard , and snare drum ) , tj muller ( cornet , trombone ) and chloe feoranzo ( clarinet , saxophone ) .
3	larusso plays the bass , and he graduated from madison high school in new jersey in 1996 and boston university 's school of management in 2000 as a bachelor of science in business .
22	personnel brennan gilmore -- guitar / vocals will lee -- banjo / vocals andy thacker -- mandolin / vocals zack blatter -- bass nick reeb -- fiddle / vocals previous members ann marie calhoun ( née simpson ) -- fiddle / vocals brian calhoun -- guitar steve hoke -- fiddle randall ray -- guitar billy cardine -- dobro ben krakauer -- banjo mark krakauer -- guitar image : walker 's run at bel rio .
13	yielding , at times , 1,500 slide guitar , 1,600 electric guitar & bass , 2,000 guitar amplifiers , and 5,000 microphone a month .
14	members dave chandler - guitar , vocals ( saint vitus ) ron holzner - bass ( trouble , place of skulls , novembers doom ) jimmy bower - drum ( superjoint ritual , eyehategod , down ) discography albums debris inc. .
11	later he taught himself to play the guitar , drums and bass .
33	bob sablack recruited his cousin john korosec of his previous band the defnics on drums and duke snyder , the younger brother of his best friend who lived down the street , on bass , with himself on guitar and vocals .
12	credits ezio -- guitar , vocals booga -- guitar lidia cascarino -- bass peter van hooke -- drums produced by salami records directed by phil gaze recorded and mixed by graham bonnett lighting designer - andrew keightley track listing all songs written by ezio lunedei except where noted .
20	in 1999 , peter and paul returned to music school to develop their skills on the keyboard , drums , bass and rhythm guitar .
3	tommy simms : bass guitars .
26	scoring and structure like other cantatas written in weimar , the cantata is scored for a small ensemble , composed of soprano , tenor , and bass soloists , a four-part choir , four viola , cello , bassoon and basso continuo .
6	members -- vocals -- guitar -- bass -- drums -- keyboards discography singles ( 1996.04.22 ) ヒマワリ ( himawari / sunflower ) ( 1996.05.21 ) early summer rain ( 1996.11.11 ) believe ( 1997.02.19 ) little cloud ( 1997.07.09 ) 街 ( machi / town ) ( 1997.11.27 ) 君と揺れていたい ( kimi to yurete itai / i want to be swaying with you ) ( 1998.04.22 ) ゴキゲン鳥 ～ crawler is crazy ～ ( gokigen tori ~ crawler is crazy ~ / high-spirited bird ) ( 1998.11.26 ) 黒いブーツ ～ oh my friend ～ ( kuroi boots ~ oh my friend ~ / black boots ) ( 1999.03.25 ) ビューティフル ( beautiful ) ( 1999.08.04 ) place ～ ( 1999.12.15 ) oar ( 2000.02.02 ) ミサイル ( missile ) ( 2000.10.18 ) walk ( 2001.01.17 ) 進化論 ～ good morning !
35	track listing line-up harry neger ( harald fossberg ) -- vocals brune neger ( rune grønn ) -- guitar max neger ( pål bøttger kjærnes ) - guitar bingo neger ( bengt calmeyer ) -- bass bongo neger ( thomas seltzer ) -- drums happy-tom played drums on this album .
24	after a series of line up changes , they finally recruited their current line up with mike curtis ( guitar ) being added and bass being inherited by jay styler and drums by rob clemson .
5	track listing personnel barre phillips bass john surman soprano saxophone .
4	charlie souza is a bass player , vocalist , musician , writer and producer .
28	vini reilly , later of the durutti column played guitar , garrity ( ed banger ) sang , tomanov ( toby ) played drums and peter crookes played bass .
37	habiluim ( hebrew : '' הבילויים '' , a name given to people who took part in the bilu organization ) is an israel , theatrical rock and polka band formed in 1996 by noam enbar ( bass and vocals ) and yammi wisler ( electric guitar ) as a reaction to the deep sense of abhorrence they felt listening to contemporary israeli pop music , which they viewed as a means of escape from the harsh israeli reality .
19	track listing personnel anaïs mitchell & rachel ries - guitar and vocals billy beard - drums kimon kirk - bass dan abu-absi - mandolin drew lindsay - accordion jesse graber - violin john hasbrouck - dobro on '' grace the day '' mike grigoni - dobro and pedal steel on '' o my star !
26	burke played violin and guitar early in life , but he lost the use of his pinky finger in a munitions factory accident and switched to bass .
22	chris warlow ( vocals / guitar / synthesizer ) cez mathias ( vocals / guitar / drum machine ) fudge wilson ( bass ) .
8	the verse adds manson 's vocals and a bass riff which uses flattened blue notes to give '' stupid girl '' an funky , unsettled feel .
6	history with guitar blake gardner , bass martyn basha , and larry van kriedt on saxophone and programming respectively , the band released their first ep water in 1990 .
15	track listing personnel art pepper -- alto saxophone stanley cowell -- piano cecil mcbee -- bass roy haynes -- drums kenneth nash -- congas & percussion on '' mambo koyama '' other tracks recorded at the same sessions but unissued at the time : 1 december 1978 2 december 1978 sources richard cook & brian morton .
9	personnel the beatles paul mccartney -- lead vocal , bass , piano john lennon -- lead vocal , twelve-string lead guitar , acoustic guitar george harrison -- acoustic guitar , rhythm guitar ringo starr -- drums , timpani george martin -- producer norman smith -- engineer cover versions in 1969 , yes covered this song on their self-titled debut album .
35	little village was an american / british rock band , formed in 1991 by ry cooder ( guitar , vocal ) , john hiatt ( guitar , piano , vocal ) , nick lowe ( bass , vocal ) and jim keltner ( drum ) .
19	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for three vocal soloists -- alto , tenor and bass -- a four-part choir , horn , two oboe , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
10	personnel eric bachmann - vocals , guitar matt gentling - bass eric johnson - guitar mark price - drums cover versions in 2011 , chris carrabba of dashboard confessional covered '' web in front '' on his album covered in the flood .
3	colomby produced jazz bass virtuoso jaco pastorius ' first solo album ; the jacksons ' comeback album destiny ; chris botti 's albums december , when i fall in love , to love again and italia ; paula cole 's album courage and jeff lorber 's album he had a hat .
68	the elders are fronted by ian byrne , a native of ireland 's county wicklow , the band also consists of guitarist steve phillips ( formerly of the rainmakers ) , bassist norm dahlor ( formerly of tommy shaw band , the secrets and shooting star ) , violinist and keyboardist brent hoad ( formerly of the secrets ) , drummer kian byrne ( the new riddim ( bass ) , and formerly of the grisly hand ) and fiddler colin farrell ( creel , and formerly of gráda ) .
6	courses singing clarinet acoustic and electric bass flute instrument of classical and popular percussion piano saxophone trombone trumpet viola guitar violin cello electric guitar developed activities and projects open to the community the school offers various integration activities that are open to both students and the community , in order to exercise and develop the musical techniques through practice .
63	tour dates 1 ^ = pre - ozzfest date at the buffalo chip campground 2 ^ = rescheduled from december 12 , 2010 3 ^ = rescheduled from december 10 , 2010 4 ^ = rescheduled from january 30 , 2011 5 ^ = rescheduled from september 16 , 2010 6 ^ = cancelled personnel ozzy osbourne lead vocals gus g guitar blasko bass tommy clufetos drums adam wakeman keyboard , additional guitar setlist killer of giants was played on the tour but was dropped off the setlist after several shows .
9	personnel john lennon vocals , rhythm guitar paul mccartney bass george harrison electric guitar ringo starr drums george martin piano sources have varied when crediting the piano on the track .
19	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists -- soprano , alto and bass -- a four-part choir , two horn , timpani , two flauto traverso , two oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
22	part two of the single contains the original studio-recorded version of '' fog , '' an ambient and melodic song , mainly bass - driven , and featuring some creative use of tambourine .
3	lucas haley ( bass , vocals ) portrays mr. filibuster , a crewman who formerly sailed with the royal navy .
7	living loud was a recording project featuring bass player and songwriter bob daisley , uriah heep drummer lee kerslake , guitar steve morse of deep purple and cold chisel singer jimmy barnes .
12	members christopher aidan ( lead vocals , backing vocals , guitar , bass , clavinet , keyboard , didgeridoo , percussion , drum programming ) discography i ( 2006 , indie ) debut album produced and recorded by christopher aidan , infidel inc. 's debut release is noted for its lavish production style , complex arrangements , and aggressive guitar playing .
21	side one side two personnel the dave brubeck quartet dave brubeck -- piano paul desmond -- alto saxophone eugene wright -- bass joe morello -- drums production teo macero -- producer fred plaut -- engineer s. neil fujita -- cover artwork seth rothstein -- project director russell gloyd -- reissue producer mark wilder -- reissue remastering cozbi sanchez-cabrera -- reissue art direction charts ; album billboard ( north america ) ; singles billboard ( north america ) sales and certifications time out was the first jazz album to sell more than a million copies .
20	scoring and structure the cantata is festively scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , four trumpet , timpani , three oboe , bassoon , two violin , viola , organ in a later version , and continuo .
39	original personnel were david baker ( vocals ) , jonathan donahue ( vocals , guitar ) , sean mackowiak , a.k.a. '' grasshopper '' ( guitars , clarinet ) , suzanne thorpe ( flute ) , dave fridmann ( bass ) and jimy chambers ( drums ) .
9	members takaho -- vocals tee -- guitar yasu -- bass kaz -- drums releases demos death comes from nowhere ( 1993 ) nerve gas attack ( 1996 ) splits split 7 '' s w / aberrant w / abigail w / abstain w / agathocles w / archagathus ( to live a lie records ) w / black sister ( problem ?
16	the album contains compositions by thelonious monk , played by the quartet with ron carter ( bass improvisation ) .
22	signing to charisma ( 1969 -- 70 ) nic potter ( pictured in 2007 ) joined the band in 1969 and played bass with them until august 1970 , then again from 1977 to 1978 in september , the new five piece band began rehearsals in notting hill gate .
11	track listing personnel performers : david '' pecan '' porter -- bass sam carr -- drums robert walker -- guitar , vocals production : jim o'neal -- producer , mixing tomas ford -- engineer jack letourneau -- engineer , mixing bill steber -- photography jannell turner -- art direction , design , photography reception after the blandness of rompin ' & stompin ' , rock the night fared considerably better .
18	history in july 1997 gbh members colin '' jock '' blyth ( guitar ) and ross lomas ( bass / guitar ) and english dogs members pete '' wakey '' wakefield ( vocals ) and andrew '' pinch '' pinching ( drum ) recorded and mixed the album wreckin temples in 9 days at jigsaw studio in frognall .
36	negrini made his singing debut at age 15 , as dr. malatesta in a production of don pasquale mounted by a small company known as l'opera comique , a group begun by his father , the bass luciano negrini , and his mother , the mezzo-soprano clare mary young .
44	track listing ; primary musicians slash -- lead guitar , acoustic guitar on '' anastasia '' , talkbox on '' carolina '' myles kennedy -- lead vocals , rhythm guitar , co - lead guitar on '' far and away '' todd kerns -- bass , backing vocal , screams on '' one last thrill '' and '' you 're a lie '' brent fitz -- drums , percussion , piano on '' far and away '' ; production personnel eric valentine -- production , engineering , mixing cian riordan -- engineering bradley cook -- engineering jame chung -- engineering junior assistant frank maddocks -- art direction , design casey howard -- artwork travis shinn -- photography miscellaneous the whole album was recorded with analog equipment only .
7	the tenor voice sings g while the bass sings g momentarily beneath it , producing the clash of an augmented unison .
13	one type of jazz trio is formed with a piano player , a bass player and a drummer .
10	the lineup was filled by rhythm members mark levin on bass and jim cavanaugh on drums , and wanderlust was formed .
1	a bass singing in amateur productions , he was discovered in 1934 by john christie , the founder of the glyndebourne festival .
9	the group 's unorthodox instrumentation included two drummers , bass , cello , trumpet and trombone , in addition to threadgill 's alto and flute .
16	members yasuko onuki -- vocals ichirou agata -- guitar , effects former members rika hamamoto -- bass drummers melt-banana does not currently have an official drummer .
9	born in leningrad , atlantov is the son of bass andrey petrovich ( 1906 -- 1971 ) who sang in both the kirov and maly opera theaters of leningrad .
19	matus tomko ( born february 4 , 1978 , vranov nad toplou ) is a slovak opera singer ( bass ) .
48	chart performance album singles personnel the charlie daniels band : charlie daniels - guitar , fiddle , vocal tom crain - guitar , vocal '' taz '' digregorio - keyboards , vocal fred edwards - drums , percussion james w. marshall - drums , percussion charles hayward - bass additional personnel : bergen white - string arrangements on tracks 5 and 7 lea jane singers - background vocals on tracks 3 and 5 terry mead - trumpet on '' jitterbug '' production producer : john boylan engineer : paul grupp assistant ( recording ) : steve goostree mixed at westlake sound , los angeles , ca .
19	the group formed in 2001 , and comprised brad germain ( guitars and vocals ) , ryan tweedle ( bass ) , and adam knickle ( drums ) .
23	as on american wake , the album uses instrumentation typical of the american folk music idiom ( such as harmonica , piano , bass , and organ ) , to arrange six notable twentieth-century irish folk standards and four original songs .
27	personnel jack black lead vocals , rhythm acoustic guitar kyle gass lead acoustic guitar , backing vocals john konesky electric guitar , vocals for beelzeboss john spiker bass , backing vocals brooks wackerman drums notable events tenacious d played a show at the house of blues in las vegas on saturday 28th of july .
35	band members mike wiebe ( '' teko buller '' or '' wookie sensation '' ) - vocals fadi el-assad ( '' freddy castro '' ) - lead guitar ian mcdougall - guitar rob marchant - bass ian walling - drums previous members have included bassist pat lillard ( '' spider '' ) , guitarist jeremy diaz ( '' smokey '' ) , guitarist colin jones ( '' colin ambulance '' ) , drummer chris adams ( '' tuffy mckeller '' ) , drummer luke abbey , drummer jesse hamilton ( '' jesse 3x '' ) and drummer sam keir ( '' about that '' ) .
27	mcmillan on the mandolin mcmillan is a member of the folk rock band spirit of the west , and is a multi-instrumentalist who has played guitar , bass , banjo , trombone , mandolin , chapman stick , piano , and keyboards on the band 's albums .
40	beat ) , dave holland ( famous jazz bassist , who played with miles davis amongst others ) , and roland robinson ( not so well known , he played on several of buddy miles ' later projects ) on bass , hendrix regular mitch mitchell , buddy miles from buddy miles express & ( the almost unknown ) rocky isaacs , of the , ( not well known ) , pop group ` the cherry people ' ( as was al marks - percussion ) , on drums , backing vocals by devon wilson on '' message from nine to the universe '' were wiped from the original recordings .
28	its '' classic '' formation included evandro mesquita ( voice ) , lobão ( drums , later roberto '' juba '' gurgel ) , antônio pedro fortuna ( bass , formerly with os mutantes and lulu santos ) , william forghieri ( keyboards ) and fernanda abreu and márcia bulcão ( backing vocals ) .
24	early history bløf is a dutch pop-rock band , founded in 1992 by musician peter slager , and originally consisted of four musicians : bass peter slager , guitar paskal jakobsen , bas kennis , playing keyboards , and henk tjoonk as drummer .
15	karel kalaš ( 9 october 1910 -- 3 may 2001 ) was a czech opera bass and film and television actor .
15	with guitar sean graetz and darren mclennan ( from fellow adelaide band fury ) , bass player mark bodossian and russell providing violin , the band recorded chronicles of dysphoria which won them the attention of melbourne label modern invasion .
30	the original line-up was : přemysl černý - drums , františek francl - lead guitar , pavel fořt - rhythm guitar , eduard vršek - keyboard , jiří čížek - bass , petr novák - vocal .
16	trio : harry connick , jr. ( vocals , piano ) ; benjamin jonah wolfe ( bass ) ; shannon powell ( drums ) .
28	track listing personnel band sam anetzberger - lead death vocals stefan weimar - backing death vocals , guitar sascha ehrich - guitar , acoustic guitar wolle schellenberg - bass ingo maier - drums production and other the drums were recorded in pmt studios by tikk .
23	spanish pop band formed by juan azagra ( juano ) vocals and guitar , francisco barroso ( francis ) guitar , isidro lucuix bass , carlos moreno keyboard and synthesizer and miguel ángel campos ( goyo ) drums .
23	the band consists of andrew lee ( lead vocals and guitar ) , ash poon ( lead guitar ) , ryan flowers ( bass ) and robert tornroos ( drums ) .
10	members billy lunn - guitar and vocals charlotte cooper - bass and vocals josh morgan - drums charlotte cooper at the southside festival 2014 history beginnings , 2002-2004 the subways , whose name comes from the time lunn , morgan and cooper used to hang around the local subway underpass which ran underneath a welwyn garden city roundabout ( a uk subway is an underground walkway to cross roads not as commonly mistaken a train line ... ) , began playing at an early age , in lunn and morgan 's homes ( who are brothers -- lunn 's birthname is william morgan ) in welwyn garden city .
22	sample of the translated lyrics : track listing personnel maakii & yuusuke -- vocals kazuto -- guitar meg -- guitar mackaz -- bass sassy -- drums production through -- art direction & design tom vezo ( minden pictures/amana , cover ) , hidekazu maiyama ( members ) -- photographer tsukushi ichikawa ( mild ) -- hair & make-up toshio takeda ( mild ) -- styling charts oricon sales chart ( japan ) guitarfreaks & drummania this song is playable as a cover in drummania / guitarfreaks v4 .
22	in 1986 , he joined musicians tony macalpine ( guitar ) , tommy aldridge ( drums ) , and rudy sarzo ( bass ) in a project called m.a.r.s. .
5	joshua hecht is an operatic bass of international stature .
6	from 1940 to 1968 he was bass singer with the alexandrov ensemble ; promoted to soloist 1950 .
18	geir aimar rognø ( born 31 march 1963 in bergen , norway ) is a norwegian musician ( bass ) , known from the band '' hot cargo '' with the bergen guitarist ole thomsen .
11	together with lawton and dumée are brazilian musicians ney conceição on bass , xande figueiredo on drums , and marvio ciribelli on keyboards .
18	nazzareno de angelis ( november 17 , 1881 - december 14 , 1962 ) was an italian operatic bass , particularly associated with verdi , rossini and wagner roles .
27	for the project the members of lazlo bane switched instruments and took pseudonym : dino ( chicken ) - vocals , fuzzy ( tim bright ) - bass , licks ( chad fischer ) - drums , and stixx ( chris link ) - guitar .
9	on the album chrisye provided vocals and played the bass , while soerjoprajogo played several instruments -- including the mandolin .
20	nick massi , ( born nicholas macioci , september 19 , 1935 - december 24 , 2000 ) was the bass singer for the four seasons , born in newark , new jersey .
16	nicolas-prosper levasseur nicolas levasseur ( 9 march 1791 - 7 december 1871 ) was a french bass , particularly associated with rossini roles .
15	also featuring j.d. hughes ( keyboards , vocals , wind ) , lester williams ( bass , vocals ) and barry davenport ( drums ) , the band would record four studio album .
42	the hymn is best known as a base for bach 's funeral motet of the same name , bwv 227 , for five vocal parts , two soprano ( s ) , alto ( a ) , tenor ( t ) and bass ( b ) , in which he alternates the stanzas of the chorale and text from paul 's epistle to the romans .
25	a maxon pedal maxon is the name used by the nisshin onpa company of japan for its line of effects pedal designed for guitar and bass .
71	'' ytsejam.com described the album as '' combining the dark grooves of sabbath , with the improvisational tangents of king crimson , the moods of the early eras of both yes and genesis , as well as hints of space rock from hawkwind ... the use of crunched guitar , brass , woodwinds , a variety of mellotron sounds and moog / analog synths , syncopated jazz drumming , and growling bass ... yield honest results as everything sounds organic ... .
4	personnel brendan kelly -- bass , vocals dan hanaway -- guitar , vocals chris mccaughan -- guitar , vocals rob depaola -- drums trivia the passage spoken by chris at the close of '' upton '' is an excerpt from salman rushdie 's midnight 's children .
15	the group eventually ended up as a trio with bailey on vocals , guitar , bass , and keyboards , his then girlfriend alannah currie ( percussion , saxophone , and vocals ) , and joe leeway ( percussion and vocals ) .
50	without hair on board ( who decided against further band work in favor of building up his homemade food business ) linger and jacobs decamped to toulouse , france to record an album 's worth of new material as a two piece , sharing the instrumental duties of drums , bass , guitar , percussion and keyboards between them .
4	his voice range is bass baritone .
12	the other two members of the original line-up were mišo hrnjak ( bass ) and boris leiner ( drum ) .
15	group members current members jonnie allen - vocals , guitar brookie allen - vocals , bass , additional guitar , keyboard discography jonnie and brookie signing autographs in 2009 .
10	the band consisted of kevin '' d'no '' douglas ( bass and vocals ) , james '' otiste '' drumgole ( trumpet , flugelhorn , and vocals ) , agnes '' tiny '' kelly ( lead vocals , vocoder ; later replaced by dee ( deedee ) henderson ) , larry marshall ( lead vocals , percussion ) , gregory mccoy ( saxophone ) , emmanuel redding ( percussion ) , ricardo williams ( lead vocals , drums , percussion ) , tyrone williams ( keyboards ) , rodney phelps ( lead guitar , keyboards ) and lecoy bryant ( rhythm guitar , vocals ) .
16	his first group , x-75 , was a nonet consisting of four reed players , four bass players and a vocalist .
3	in addition to bass , she has also played guitar since the age of 13 .
14	with the exception of tambourine , the album was recorded using only guitar , bass , drums and vocals .
19	emil fischer ( june 13 , 1838 - august 11 , 1914 ) , was a famous german dramatic bass or bass-baritone , born in brunswick .
18	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for four vocal soloists -- soprano , alto , tenor and bass -- a four-part choir , trumpet , two oboe , oboe d'amore , two violin , viola , viola da gamba and continuo .
9	he also plays saxophone , trumpet , flugelhorn , bass and piano .
4	ray walker , the bass singer from elvis presley 's backing group the jordanaires was used by producer felton jarvis to augment the group 's vocal sound on '' i must be doing something wrong .
30	not all participants seen in this perspectives and the end of 2007 in the group remains only 2 members kostya leontovich ( vocals , guitar ) and alexey ignatusha ( bass ) .
13	personnel maynard james keenan - vocals adam jones - guitar justin chancellor - bass , backing vocals on '' you lied '' danny carey - drums additional musicians '' you lied '' second guitar : king buzzo '' message to harry manback ii '' keyboards : david bottrill '' third eye '' synthesizer : vince defranco '' pushit '' acoustic tabla : aloke dutta album typos the first pressings of salival contain typographical errors , as well as the vhs edition having red tape .
6	michael haggins is an american jazz bass , and songwriter .
74	performers professor peter schickele , hardart , wine bottle , conductor chamber orchestra under the direction of jorge mester the royal p. d. q. bach festival orchestra , jorge mester , conductor the orchestra of the university of southern north dakota at hoople heavy opera company under the direction of john nelson the new york pick-up ensemble marlene kleinman , mezzanine-soprano lorna haywood , off-coloratura john ferrante , bargain counter tenor william woolf , bass bernice , houndentenor ( dog ) will jordan as milton host bill macy as paul henry lung the okay chorale , john nelson , director i virtuosi di hoople amateur musica antiqua of hoople robert dennis , announcer and callioper ralph froelich , french horn leonid hambro , harpsichord seymour platt , trumpet mouthpiece track listing ( two disc version ) disc one 1 .
17	notable members eduardo carrasco : wind instruments ( quena , pincuyo , zampoña etc. ) voice : bass .
20	personnel hide -- vocals i.n.a. -- co-producer , programming , recording engineer , additional arrangement joe -- drums chirolyn -- bass kiyoshi -- electric guitar pata -- acoustic guitar gotchin -- acoustic guitar neko saito group -- strings neko saito -- string arrangement rich breen -- mixing engineer ( at ocean way ) eric westfall -- recording engineer hiroshi nemoto -- assistant engineer ( hitokuchizaka-studio ) masami konagaya -- assistant engineer ( hitokuchizaka-studio ) cover versions the song was covered by scarlett for crush !
37	there are five members in the band : uldis kalns ( vocal , guitar ) , roberts dinters ( guitar ) , kristofers knesis ( keyboards ) , eriks hanzovskis ( drums ) and kristaps leitis ( bass ) .
30	line-up the current line-up is ; andy leftwich - fiddle cody kilby - lead guitar paul brewster - rhythm guitar and harmony vocals justin moses - banjo scott mulvahill - bass ed faris - rhythm guitar , baritone vocals , utility musician discography awards grammy awards 1998 best bluegrass album : ricky skaggs and kentucky thunder for bluegrass rules !
16	line-up john henry -- vocals kris norris -- guitar mike schleibaum -- guitar paul burnette -- bass ryan parrish -- drums trivia the song '' demon ( s ) '' can be heard in the episode '' escape from dragon house '' of hbo 's true blood .
23	( wcs 062 ) ; released in 2012 on whaling city sound ; featured zé eduardo nazario on drums , john lockwood on bass , and jake sherman on keyboards .
18	track listing personnel c.t. ( vocals ) gravy ( guitar ) chuck schaaf ( guitar ) reid ( bass ) jeff morgan ( drums ) b. ( moog , vocals , samples ) .
10	during the recording sessions of the album tiago borges ( bass ) joined the band and in the summer jota ( drums ) and johnny ( guitar ) teamed up with urban tales .
17	history the things were formed initially as a two piece band with kraig adams singing and playing bass , and lorenz peter playing keyboards .
24	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored rather modestly : the four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) and a four-part choir are accompanied only by two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , horn , flauto traverso , oboe d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
14	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for soprano , alto , tenor and bass soloists , a four-part choir , horn , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
11	'' gerson also points out that the song 's '' swooping bass line , '' played by leland sklar on james taylor 's recording , also contributes to the song 's sense of inescapable despair .
12	personnel chris marchiel -- guitar alex berkson -- guitar nick avila -- bass bassil silver-hajo -- drums mixed by bassil silver-hajo and powerglove .
11	roles hrabina ( the countess ) - soprano the chorąży - bass bronia , his granddaughter - soprano kazimierz - tenor the podczaszyc - baritone dzidzi , his nephew - tenor panna ewa ( miss ewa ) , hrabina 's friend - soprano plot place : warsaw , poland and a village in the polish countryside time : early 19th century act i warsaw .
28	he was also the vocalist of bands advent call and p.o.t. the band was originally composed of nathan azarcon ( of rivermaya , bamboo and hijo ) on bass , j-hoon balbuena ( of kjwan ) on drums , ira cruz ( of passage , bamboo and hijo ) on rhythm guitar and the late chico molina on lead guitar .
3	bishop was the bass and lead vocalist for kepone from 1991 through the band 's breakup in 1997 .
16	the original lineup of play dead was rob hickson ( vocals ) , pete waddleton ( bass ) , mark '' wiff '' smith ( drums ) , and re-vox ( guitar ) .
47	personnel the album track from imagine was recorded by john lennon - vocals , acoustic guitar , whistling nicky hopkins - piano john barham - harmonium alan white - vibraphone joey molland - acoustic guitar tom evans - acoustic guitar mike pinder - tambourine klaus voormann - bass jim keltner - drums the flux fiddlers - strings promotional video a promotional video was made for the song in 1971 .
16	scoring and structure the piece is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , bass ) and four-part choir , two oboe , two flauti traversi , timpani ( tamburi ) , three trombe in d , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
1	the bass begins each '' '' .
12	personnel ritchie blackmore - guitar ian gillan - vocals roger glover - bass jon lord - organ ian paice - drums appearances it was used by extreme championship wrestling wrestler '' the franchise '' shane douglas as an entrance theme .
18	personnel peter wolf - vocals j. geils - guitar seth justman - keyboard , vocals danny klein - bass magic dick - harmonica , trumpet , chromatic harmonica stephen bladd - percussion , drums , vocals additional personnel tawatha agee -- vocals randy brecker -- horn ronnie cuber -- saxophone cissy houston -- vocals tom '' bones '' malone -- horn lou marini -- horn alan rubin -- trumpet fonzi thornton -- vocals luther vandross -- vocals ken williams -- vocals george young -- horn production producer : seth justman engineer : david thoener mixing : david thoener arranger : seth justman charts album - billboard ( north america ) singles - billboard ( north america ) in other media '' centerfold '' is included on the disc of rock band 3 .
19	scoring and structure this piece is scored for four solo voices ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , two oboe , an oboe da caccia , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
4	she is married to bass massimiliano malaspina who also has an important opera career .
23	the group formed in 1969 and consisted of three brothers ( frank , ray and roy munnings ) , a fourth member on bass ( fred henfield ) , and a fifth on guitar ( livingston colebrook ) .
25	on top of mixing and producing duties , duncan also provides the majority of the instrumentation of his records , including piano , guitar , bass , cello , rhodes , melodica , synths , glockenspiel , drum , percussion , and harmonica .
12	kiko lalonde ( born september 27 , 1972 ) is an italian bass player .
36	garry wayne tallent ( born october 27 , 1949 in detroit , michigan , usa ) , sometimes billed as garry w. tallent , is an american musician and record producer , best known for being bass player and founding member of the e street band , bruce springsteen 's primary backing band since 1972 .
13	personnel ; switchfoot jon foreman -- guitar , lead vocals tim foreman -- bass , backing vocals chad butler -- drums , percussion jerome fontamillas -- keyboard , guitar , backing vocals andrew shirley -- guitar , backing vocals ; additional musicians john o'brien -- additional programming ( '' war inside '' and '' thrive '' ) sara watkins -- violin ( '' restless '' ) recorded at spot x , san diego .
11	'' personnel ronnie wood vocals , acoustic lead guitar ronnie lane bass , resonator rhythm guitar , tambourine ian mclagan piano , organ , mellotron kenney jones drums , maracas releases in addition to being the closing title track of the faces ' final studio album , the song also appeared as a us single in may 1973 .
7	the opening motif played by cello and bass is repeated throughout the movement .
42	in 1990 , the band released their major-label debut on rca , simply called the silos ( more commonly known as the one with the bird on the cover ) , which also featured amy allison on vocals and j.d. foster on bass .
48	at the time their self-titled first album was recorded , jemimah puddleduck also featured john molo ( who had previously played with bruce hornsby , the other ones , and phil lesh and friends ) on drums , bob gross ( albert king , delaney bramlett ) on bass , and arlan schierbaum ( richie kotzen ) on keyboards .
46	the band was originally named foghorn leghorn and the lineup consisted of stephen '' sammy '' lind on fiddle and harmony vocals , the reverend p. t. grover , jr. , on banjo , caleb klauder on mandolin and harmony vocals , and brian bagdonas on bass .
44	discography title : downthesun date : october 1 , 2002 label : roadrunner records track listing : demo/unreleased tracks members anthony '' satone '' stevens vocals ( 1999 -- 2003 ) aaron peltz vocals ( 1999 -- 2003 ) lance '' kuk '' collier bass ( 1999 -- 2003 ) nathan church keyboards , vocals , guitar ( 1999 -- 2003 ) danny spain drums ( 1999 -- 2003 ) bruce swink guitar ( 2001 -- 2003 ) ex-members neil godfrey guitar ( 1999 -- 2001 ) trivia the song '' lucas toole '' was written about the late-70 's serial killing duo of henry lee lucas and ottis toole .
43	a typical ` group ' line-up might include : johny lamb ( thirty pounds of bone , cottonmouth rocks , actress hands ) on cornet , sally megee ( cottonmouth rocks ) on keyboard , rob woolhouse ( the burns unit ) on bass , jon pugh ( the poppycocks ) on drums and tim didymus on saxophone .
18	personnel robin gibb -- lead vocal barry gibb -- harmony and backing vocal , guitar maurice gibb -- bass , guitar , backing vocals colin petersen -- drums phil dennys -- orchestral arrangement chart positions legacy the 1969 david bowie song '' space oddity '' owes a debt to the style , arrangement and lyrics of '' new york mining disaster 1941 '' .
83	compilations the following compilation album include the original version of '' pop-musiikkia '' : pure finnish rock - aitoa suomirockia ( poko rekordsin historia 1977-2004 ) ( various artists , 2004 ) soundi dvd 2006 ( various artists , 2005 ) taiteilijaelämää vuosilta 1989-2006 ( ismo alanko , 2006 ) personnel ismo alanko - guitar , vocals kalle ahola - guitar , vocals ilkka alanko - guitar , vocals a. w. yrjänä - guitar , vocals jukka hakoköngäs - keyboards jussi kinnunen - bass anssi nykänen - drums covers raptori - '' hiphopmusiikkia '' ( parody on ouu-raisakson !
18	the destroyer has since undergone several design and line changes and has been available in both 6-string and bass versions .
18	scoring and structure the piece is written for vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) and four-part choir , two oboe , oboe da caccia , two violin , viola , violoncello piccolo , and continuo .
14	atilla manizade ( born in cyprus ) is a turkish cypriot opera singer ( bass ) .
28	reception track listing performers dave quackenbush - vocals warren fitzgerald - guitar , backing vocals , lead vocals on '' i have a date '' joe escalante - bass , backing vocals josh freese - drums brooks wackerman - backing vocals on '' live fast , diarrhea '' album information record label : nitro records recorded at formula one studios in la habra , california all songs copyright and published 1995 by greco-roman publishing co. , except '' i have a date '' ( covina high music bmi ) and '' supercalifragilisticexpialidocious '' ( 1963 sherman music/wonderland music co. , inc. .
9	he is known for his ability to sing from bass to soprano , as his vocal cords are three times the length of an average person 's .
14	when the terms soprano , mezzo-soprano , contralto , tenor , baritone , and bass are used as descriptors of non-classical voices , they are applied more loosely than they would be to those of classical singers and generally refer only to the singer 's perceived vocal range .
64	by the end of 1960 , the band consisted of antoni miquel cerveró ( '' leslie '' or '' l'anxoveta '' ) as lead vocalist , lluís gomis ( lluís gomis de prunera , 1944-2012 , rip ) on the drums , josep fontseré portolés ( pepe or pep , barcelona , 1945 ) on the rhythm guitar , guillermo rodríguez holgado on the bass and manolo madruga ( rip 2012 ) on the lead guitar .
24	track listing credits band members ilja jalkanen − vocals mikko salovaara − guitars markku näreneva − drums atte tanskanen − keyboards teemu tuominen − bass guest musicians strings on '' and the north star cried '' arranged by mikko salovaara and performed by the arctic string quartet : karo tiuraniemi − violin laura airola − violin suvi oskala − viola essi toivonen − cello production and other all music and lyrics written by mikko salovaara , except '' no more sleep for me '' by ilja jalkanen .
21	track listing musicians nikolaj brinkmann - lead guitar jakob mølbjerg - rhythm guitar henrik '' kral '' andersen - vocals , bass rasmus jacobsen - drums guest appearances irene poulsen : : vocals on horizon and sister jane .
18	they also utilized more diverse instruments , including mandolins , recorders and oboes , besides electric guitars , bass and later , drums .
30	the line-up was finn ( congas ) , fenton ( drums ) , green ( guitar and vocals ) , dave major ( keyboards ) , and tony allday ( bass ) .
15	hope-evans left the band for over a year , and fiddler , relf ( on bass ) , and drummer john davies recorded the band 's third album and last on dandelion , dark side of the moon .
21	by 1958 , the group consisted of john coltrane on tenor saxophone , red garland on piano , paul chambers on bass , and philly joe jones on drums , and had just been expanded to a sextet with the addition of cannonball adderley on alto saxophone .
20	track listing side 1 : side 2 : personnel ; styx dennis deyoung -- keyboards , vocals chuck panozzo -- bass john panozzo -- drums , percussion tommy shaw -- guitar , vocals , vocoder james young -- guitar , vocals ; additional personnel dan barber - horn steve eisen - saxophone mike halpin - horn john haynor - horn mark ohlson - horn billy simpson - horn ; production producer : styx ( dennis deyoung ) engineers : rob kingsland , gary loizzo arranger : styx mastering : ted jensen charts album - billboard ( north america ) singles - billboard ( north america ) the album has sold 3 million copies up to date .
35	'' personnel eric clapton -- lead vocals , lead guitar , rhythm guitar , acoustic guitar duane allman -- lead guitar , slide guitar jim gordon -- drums , percussion , piano carl radle -- bass bobby whitlock -- organ , piano , background vocals beyond the original album the album layla and other assorted love songs opened to lacklustre sales ( the album never reached the charts in britain ) , possibly in part because clapton 's name was found only on the back cover .
5	duncan volunteered joe to play bass , though joe could only play an acoustic guitar .
2	members guitar bass drums ricky vocals keyboards , arranger discography albums singles other releases '' flashback '' ( 31 august 2005 ) the title track performed by rin' featuring m.c.a.t was used as the theme song for kamen rider hibiki & the seven senki .
26	the session musicians on the recording included david briggs , piano , terry thompson , guitar , forest riley , acoustic guitar , norbert putnam , bass , jerry carrigan , drums and unknown back up singers .
38	personnel john lennon -- vocals , piano george harrison - slide guitar nicky hopkins - piano john tout - piano ted turner - acoustic guitar rod linton - acoustic guitar andy davis - acoustic guitar klaus voormann - bass alan white - drums the flux fiddlers - strings reception and aftermath in a contemporary review of the imagine album , rolling stone magazine described the song as '' horrifying and indefensible '' but noted its '' immediacy '' .
4	this had newsted assuming bass duties for both voivod and headlining act , ozzy osbourne .
19	by march 1 , 2009 , the band announced in their studio blog that they had '' drums , bass and most of the guitar completed '' , and had '' now moved on to lead and overdub '' .
24	once finished with the canandaigua studio , jake moved to los angeles , california , where he met chris perry and eventually became a bass player for the city drive in 2007 .
7	he spent the next year singing the bass repertoire in opera houses throughout italy , including the teatro regio di parma and teatro comunale di bologna .
12	band members rymodee - guitar , vocals , harmonica terry johnson - bass , vocals teddy '' ted '' helmick - drums , jokes , vocals zine author aaron cometbus has been known to play drums for the band on occasion .
11	scoring and structure singers bach scored the work for tenor and bass soloists and a four-part choir .
18	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for three soloists -- alto , tenor and bass -- a four-part choir , '' '' ( slide trumpet , mostly doubling the choir soprano ) , two recorder , two oboes da caccia , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
18	in the beginning , this new band consisted of ole '' sir henry '' bredahl ( vocals , bass ) and carsten elgstrøm ( guitar ) together with leif davidsen ( drums ) .
10	track listing original pressing us pressing personnel haruomi hosono : bass , electronics , keyboards , arrangements ryuichi sakamoto : keyboards , electronics , percussion , orchestration yukihiro takahashi : vocals , drums , percussion , electronics hideki matsutake : microcomposer programming chris mosdell : lyrics shunichi hashimoto : vocal on '' simoon '' masayoshi takanaka : electric guitar on '' cosmic surfin '' and '' la femme chinoise '' tomoko nunoi : additional vocals on '' la femme chinoise '' ( credited as '' sexy voice '' ) minako yoshida : vocals on '' tong poo '' ( us version ) chart positions computer game / firecracker the song '' firecracker '' was released as a single in japan in 1978 and in the united states and united kingdom in 1979 , becoming a major b hit in the united states .
5	jason viebrooks jason viebrooks played bass on the first two albums before his departure .
11	he plays the saxophone , clarinet , flute , keyboard and bass .
6	personnel ani difranco -- guitar , bass , vocals andy stochansky -- drums , percussion instrument/percussion production producer -- ani difranco engineer -- ed stone artwork the cd case of not a pretty girl is designed to be looked at '' the wrong way ` round '' , with the spine on the right hand side rather than the left .
11	'' current band members dani filth -- vocals daniel firth -- bass martin skaroupka -- drums lindsay schoolcraft -- keys and vocals richard shaw - guitar marek '' ashok '' šmerda -- guitar discography ; studio albums the principle of evil made flesh ( 1994 ) dusk ... and her embrace ( 1996 ) cruelty and the beast ( 1998 ) midian ( 2000 ) damnation and a day ( 2003 ) nymphetamine ( 2004 ) thornography ( 2006 ) godspeed on the devil 's thunder ( 2008 ) darkly , darkly , venus aversa ( 2010 ) the manticore and other horrors ( 2012 ) hammer of the witches ( 2015 ) mention in popular culture cradle of filth are mentioned in the song with goth on our side by the band half man half biscuit on the album trouble over bridgwater .
20	roles memory : polo ( tenor ) being 1 : marco ( mezzo-soprano ) being 2 : kublai khan ( bass ) nature : water ( soprano ) shadow 1 : rustichello / li po ( tenor ) shadow 2 : sheherazada / mahler / queen ( mezzo-soprano ) shadow 3 : dante / shakespeare ( baritone ) recordings marco polo ( cd sony 62912 ) - world premiere recording with thomas young and alexandra montano in the title roles , the cappella amsterdam , and the netherlands radio chamber orchestra conducted by the composer .
14	british comedians mel smith and griff rhys jones appeared as a cheesy keyboard and bass duo during the end credits of one series of their long-running sketch show .
20	members sono -- vocals ( ) anzi -- guitar ( ) ayame -- keyboards , keytar ( ) yo -- bass ( ) yuu -- drums ( ) former members mika -- guitar ( ex .
16	live with d.a.f. in 2007 he has a brother , eduardo delgado-lopez , who is a bass player .
7	debbie smith is a british guitar and bass player who has been in several bands from the 1990s to the present , including curve , echobelly , nightnurse , snowpony , bows , the nuns ( an all women cover band of the monks which also includes two members of mambo taxi ) , spc eco ( with dean garcia of curve ) and current band blindness .
28	history dufresne formed in january , 2004 with nicola '' dominik '' cerantola on lead vocals , davide zenorini on drums , matteo '' ciube '' tabacco on bass and vocals , luca dal lago on guitar and alessandro costa on keyboards .
18	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for soprano , alto , tenor , and bass soloists , a four-part choir only in the closing chorale , two oboe , bassoon , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
21	members ; current members j.d. williams - vocals ( 1987-present ) kelly carmichael - guitar ( 1987-present ) adam heinzmann - bass ( 1987-present ) mike smail - drums ( 2004-present ) ; former members eric little - drums ( 1987-2000 ) ronnie kalimon - drums ( 2000-2004 ) discography albums standing on the sun - 1992 unearthed - 2000 matricide - 2004 voyage - 2012 singles '' window to hell '' split 7 '' with - 2000 compilation tracks '' nothing but misery '' and '' internal void '' on what the hell !
51	theme according to the official jesus christ superstar website , in the song : the song is noted for , after a slow beginning , launching into more of a '' rock and roll '' feel than many other songs in the musical , and being sung by a '' growling bass - voiced caiaphas and his screechy tenor minions '' .
18	on this recording the band consists of five saxophones , four trumpets , four trombones , piano , bass , drums and percussion and various other oriental instruments .
43	the musicians on the band 's second album , better luck ( 1981 ) , were : tito larriva ( lead vocals / guitar ) charlie quintana ( drums ) ( credited as '' chalo quintana '' ) guests : gustavo santaolalla ( bass / guitar / charango / backing vocals ) anibal kerpel ( keyboards ) steve berlin ( saxophone ) bruce fowler ( trombone ) steve fowler ( saxophone ) brian qualls ( piano ) tony marsico joined the band in late 1980 , and steven hufsteter began playing lead guitar with the group in 1984 .
41	ivan rebroff ivan rebroff ivan rebroff ( 31 july 1931 27 february 2008 ) was a german singer , allegedly of russian ancestry , with an extraordinary vocal range of four and a half octave , ranging from the soprano to bass registers .
12	tracklist personnel original studio version sonja kristina -- vocals ian eyre -- bass florian pilkington-miksa -- drums francis monkman -- electric piano , vcs3 , guitar ( darryl way , though the chief writer of the song 's music , does not play on the original recording .
33	aston barrett ( born aston francis barrett , 22 november 1946 in kingston , jamaica ) , often called '' family man '' or '' fams '' for short , is a jamaican bass player and rastafarian .
9	additional musicians utilized were curve 's dean garcia ( bass ) and steve monti ( drums ) , ian dury and the blockheads ' merlin rhys-jones ( guitar ) , and miranda sex garden 's hepzibah sessa ( violin ) .
8	ii only ( replaceable by 4th clarinet ) bass solo , mvt .
31	their current members are ed sloan on lead vocals and guitar , les hall on lead guitar , keyboard , and backing vocals , and mitch james on backing vocals and bass .
5	he is known for playing bass , keyboard and sitar in the band kopecky with his two brothers , joe and paul .
32	the band line-up consists of three members named simply '' g '' ( gaëtan réchin lê ky-huong , guitar / vocals ) , '' a '' ( amaël réchin lê ky-huong , bass ) and '' t '' ( antonin pierre , keyboards ) .
12	current members consist of frontman chris o'connor , who performs vocals and bass ; percussion tim lauterio ; and luke mcauliffe , who contributes various additional instrumentation ( guitars , violins , piano ) as well as much of the art that has appeared on the band 's albums and website .
12	it is scored for piano , two male voices ( tenor and bass ) and three female voices ( 2 soprano , 1 mezzo-soprano ) the comic plot revolves around a young girl , emma , and her harried father who proclaims his disbelief in santa claus and talking snowmen .
17	paata burchuladze paata burchuladze ( ) ( born february 12 , 1955 ) is a georgian operatic bass .
26	track listing personnel musicians devin townsend -- vocals , guitar , keyboards , programming , production , mixing ryan van poederooyen -- drums brian waddell -- bass mark cimino -- guitar additional personnel anneke van giersbergen -- additional vocals , lead vocals on '' supercrush !
8	personnel damon delapaz -- drums adam lewis -- bass chris lewis -- guitar will salazar -- vocals , guitar trivia the title of this album as well as the symbol on the cover are references to the metal band slayer and the pop artist prince .
43	voyage was a french disco and pop / funk group , consisting of andré '' slim '' pezin ( guitar / vocals ) , marc chantereau ( keyboards / vocals ) , pierre-alain dahan ( drums / vocals ) and sauveur mallia ( bass ) , together with british lead vocalist sylvia mason-james , who sang on the group 's first two albums , voyage ( 1977 ) and let 's fly away ( 1978 ) .
26	history the band was founded in late 1993 by u škripcu members aleksandar '' vasa '' vasiljević ( guitar ) aleksandar '' luka '' lukić ( bass ) and ratko ljubičić ( drums ) along with former vampiri members dejan '' peja '' pejović ( vocals ) , dejan '' dexy '' petrović ( vocals ) and drummer / percussionist goran '' gedža '' redžepi .
22	around this time , hawks bassist rebel paine was fired by hawkins , who , wasting no time , had danko learn bass , given help by other members of the band .
19	scoring and structure the work is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , four-part choir , two horns , timpani , flauto traverso , oboe d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
97	roles morgan le fay , king arthur 's half-sister ( soprano ) lady de hautdesert , wife of bertilak ( mezzo-soprano ) arthur , king ( tenor ) guinevere , arthur 's wife ( soprano ) a fool ( baritone ) agravain , a knight of king arthur 's court , gawain 's brother ywain , a knight of king arthur 's court , gawain 's brother gawain , a knight of king arthur 's court , ( baritone ) bishop baldwin ( countertenor ) bedevere , a knight the green knight / bertilak de hautdesert ( bass ) synopsis sir gawain and the green knight act 1 it is christmas at camelot .
21	in addition to singing , cagle plays the guitar in the majority of her performances , with her sister caroline playing bass and her brother jesse on second guitar .
34	track listing personnel randy bachman - guitar , electric guitar , vocals robbie bachman - percussion , drums tim bachman - guitar , rhythm guitar , vocals , background vocals c.f . turner - bass , vocals with barry keane - conga will maccalder - piano garry peterson - percussion , drums , background vocals production producers : bachman -- turner overdrive , randy bachman engineers : dave slagter , mark smith mastering : tom '' curly '' ruff technician : allan moy design : robbie bachman art direction : jim ladwig photography : ed caraeff booklet design : joe kotleba cover sculpture : parviz sadighian photography : tom zamiar songs covered by other bands a version of '' stayed awake all night '' was released by the swiss hard rock band krokus on their 1983 album headhunter .
9	notes personnel jamie rowe - vocals david bach - bass , vocals karl ney - drums tony palacios - guitar , vocals guest musicians eric darken - percussion john painter - theremin on '' bottle rocket '' , strings on '' bottle rocket '' , mellotron on '' my queen esther '' , '' hell to pay '' and '' bottle rocket '' , keyboards on '' fear the auctioneer '' .
22	'' that eulogy ends with a distinctive drum machine pattern and then quickly becomes a hard rock number with heavy guitar , bass and synthesizers .
28	david fricke has also praised the instrumental interplay between the '' church bell peal '' of crosby and mcguinn 's guitars , and hillman 's melodic , loping bass , while describing the song as '' a radiant evocation of a medieval festival , and by extension the sensual idealism of the hippie dream .
24	songs from martin st has carus thompson on vocals and guitar , jason mcgann from john butler trio on drums and noel manyam on bass .
24	carrie was a british based rock music band , featuring the former levitation and some have fins singer/guitarist steve ludwin , ex - emf bass player zac foley , guitarist dennis dicker and australia drummer , bruce pawsey .
0	bass player dave bronze had already been recruited by the band , and when they were looking for an extra guitarist , dave recruited jerry .
11	credits and personnel vocals : nina persson guitar : peter svensson bass : magnus sveningsson keyboard : lars-olof johansson drums : bengt lagerberg recorded at country hell , tambourine studios , skurup , sweden producer : tore johansson engineer : tore johansson , janne waldenmark assistant engineer : lars göransson audio mixing : tore johansson mixing assistant : jim caruana mastering by : björn engelmann cutting room studios charts appearances in other media the song is played in the movie never been kissed .
3	49 , for bass , 1882 -- 1897 four songs , op .
18	track listing personnel ivan doroschuk - vocals , electronics - drums , electronics with : stefan doroschuk - bass roman martyn - guitars lysanne thibodeau - backing vocals , electronics although tracy howe is credited with playing guitar on some pressings , this was a printing error .
10	their original line-up consisted of burke shelley on vocals and bass , tony bourge on guitar and vocals , and ray phillips on drums .
19	brothers lodovico graziani 's three brothers who became professional singers were : giuseppe ( 1819 1905 ) , a bass ; francesco ( 1828 1901 ) , a baritone ; and vincenzo ( 1836 1906 ) , also a baritone .
25	scoring and structure like other cantatas written in weimar , the cantata is scored for a small ensemble consisting of soprano , tenor , and bass soloists , a four-part choir , two violin , two viola , and basso continuo .
16	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for three vocal soloists ( soprano , alto and bass ) , a four-part choir , two alto recorder , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
10	it is notable for its sparse combination of guitar and bass notes in the main riff ; frusciante drew inspiration for the song from the cure song '' carnage visors '' .
19	personnel george harrison lead vocals , hammond organ john lennon backing vocals , tambourine paul mccartney backing vocals , bass ringo starr drums , backwards cymbal session musician cello cultural references cover versions '' blue jay way '' has been covered by : colin newman on his 1982 album not to borbetomagus on their 1990 album buncha hair that long dan bern on his 1998 album smartie mine rodney graham on his 2000 album what is happy , baby ?
24	current members joey busse - lead vocals andrew slutsky - lead guitar , keyboards , vocals daniel wywrot - rhythm guitar daniel katz - bass jake cooper - drums covers since the band started , they have had success gaining new fans from doing song covers .
14	'' history ezo consisted of masaki yamada ( vocals ) , taro takahashi ( bass ) , shoyo iida ( guitar ) and hiro homma ( drums ) .
15	the initial lineup consisted of john reis on guitar and piano , don ankrom on bass and joey piro on drums .
22	track listing credits andrè kvebek -- vocal , guitar john espen sagstad -- guitar mads guldbekkhei -- drums tor risdal stavenes -- bass live julianne kostøl -- cello additional guest vocals on '' ascending '' by jonas renkse of katatonia .
32	history formation adept was founded in 2004 and consists of musician robert ljung ( vocals ) , jerry repo ( guitar ) , gustav lithammer ( guitars ) , filip brandelius ( bass ) and gabriel hellmark ( drum ) .
15	the october trio is a canadian jazz trio from vancouver consisting of josh cole ( bass ) , dan gaucher ( drums ) , and evan arntzen ( saxophone ) .
20	teofil nelu peter ( april 11 , 1954 -- december 4 , 2004 ) was a romania rock musician and bass player for compact .
37	murray recruited john fahnestock , whom he had worked with on lo-pro 's first album lo-pro prior to fahnestock leaving during the six-year gap to their second album , the beautiful sounds of revenge , as a bass player .
9	track listing personnel band kip winger - vocals , bass , keys reb beach -- guitar , vocals john roth -- guitars , vocals rod morgenstein - drum , piano on ` first ending ' additional personnel michael chapdelaine - guitar on '' first ending '' references sources sound samples from the album .
23	live performances by breathe carolina usually consist of an arrangement of three extra members providing keyboards , keytar , drums , guitar and bass .
12	later members were martin orford ( keyboards ) , john jowitt ( bass ) and steve christey ( drums ) .
17	at the time of the concert at the armadillo , skip battin was the new riders ' bass player .
25	personnel nicke andersson -- drums , vocals , art direction , logo , back cover uffe cederlund -- guitar , backing vocals lars rosenberg -- bass alex hellid -- guitar tomas skogsberg -- production , engineering entombed -- production , engineering dan seagrave -- art direction , cover art johnny dordevic is listed on the sleeve as the lead singer , but he does not appear on the album .
0	bass , drums , and programming were handled by luke , while guitar were led by tina kennedy and luke .
5	magnus rosén started to play bass when he was 15 years old .
10	harmonica frances mckee -- vocals , guitars james seenan -- bass charlie kelly -- drums additional personnel aggi wright -- keyboards on '' son of a gun '' david keegan -- lead guitar on '' dying for it '' sophie pragnell -- viola on '' jesus does n't want me for a sunbeam '' , '' dying for it '' and '' oliver twisted '' jamie watson -- slide guitar on '' bitch , '' '' the day i was a horse , '' and '' dying for it ( the blues ) '' stephen pastel - production , additional guitar .
16	biography dub trio is dp - dave holmes ( guitar & keyboards ) stu brooks ( bass & keyboards ) and joe tomino ( drums & melodica ) .
16	this is also the final album to feature founding member henrik '' kral '' andersen on bass / growls .
2	as a bass singer , he sang for instance jan blockx 's song ons vaderland in 1897 on the forbidden flemish demonstration in the belgian capital , brussels .
20	biography the original singer , mati , left the band soon afterwards , leaving venno on drums , tarvo on bass , and villu tamme on vocals and guitar , sometimes working together with guest singers ( with tõnu trubetsky from vennaskond playing under the name '' vürst trubetsky & j.m.k.e. '' ) .
15	'' ol' man river '' was already present in the temptations ' performance repertoire as bass melvin franklin 's solo spot , and '' for once in my life '' soon became a solo showcase for williams , who performed a particularly acclaimed version of the song for the tcb television special in late 1968 .
12	personnel ian gillan - vocals ritchie blackmore - guitar roger glover - bass jon lord - organ ian paice - drums cover versions the song was covered by serbian hard rock band cactus jack on their 2003 live/tribute album deep purple tribute .
19	his second cd , wild world , ( 2001 ) is a jazz trio recording with jon evans on bass and jason lewis on drums .
12	career born eugene mcduffy in champaign , illinois , mcduff began playing bass , appearing in joe farrell 's group .
16	credits roger miret -- vocals , guitar rhys kill -- guitar , vocals brian darwas -- bass , vocals luke rota -- drum al barr -- guest vocals on '' once were warriors '' lars frederiksen -- guest vocals on '' roots rockin ' roll '' patricia day -- guest vocals on '' r.f.f.r. '' kim nekroman -- guitar on '' r.f.f.r. '' vic ruggiero -- piano on '' warning !
19	tenor in choral music in four-part mixed chorus , the tenor is the second lowest voice , above the bass and below the soprano and alto .
19	the ultimate result of this profound change is that a new set of vocal ranges become available ( see bass , baritone , tenor , contralto , sopranista ; see also castrato ) .
6	credits justin currie -- vocals , bass , acoustic guitars iain harvie -- guitar david cummings -- guitar andy alston -- keyboard chris sharrock -- drums , percussion frazer spiers -- harmonica on '' food for songs '' david mccluskey -- violin on '' one thing left to do '' , '' smatterings of percussion '' martin ditcham -- '' smatterings of percussion '' singles '' roll to me '' became their most popular song in the us , peaking at no. 10 on the hot 100 chart .
8	brief history the band was founded by the bass guitarist milan hlavsa and the poet pavel zajíček in the early '70s in prague , czechoslovakia , now the czech republic .
19	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboe , two oboe d'amore , oboe da caccia , two violin , viola , violoncello and basso continuo .
12	organizational history artistic director jonathan miller was the ensemble 's founding low bass and directed rehearsals for the group 's first 14 seasons .
17	the band consisted of jeremy stanley on vocals , brian christensen on guitar , tom collins on bass and joshua zirbel on drums .
29	track listing wilhelm fink is another name for billie joe armstrong as featured singing on the track '' new blood '' personnel aaron cometbus -- drums bill schneider -- bass billie joe armstrong -- guitar , vocals jason white -- guitar , vocals additional performers ed .
19	it incorporates four instruments : keyboard instrument ( a piano , an organ and synthesizer ) , guitar , bass and drums , and includes a choir performance made by the tuff session singers .
23	hal are a band from dublin , ireland composed of brothers dave allen ( vocals / guitar ) paul allen ( vocals / bass ) and stephen o'brien ( keyboards , occasional guitars and backing vocals ) ( drum ) , who formed in 2003 .
36	track listing japanese release bonus tracks us release bonus tracks personnel british sea power yan ( scott wilkinson ) -- vocals , guitar , piano , organ hamilton ( neil hamilton wilkinson ) -- vocals , bass , guitar , piano , organ , backing vocals noble ( martin noble ) -- guitar , piano , backing vocals , organ wood ( matthew wood ) -- drums additional d. sharp -- french horn on '' blackout '' m. j. noble -- extra backing vocals on '' men together today '' and '' blackout '' v. oag -- recorded sea on '' fear of drowning '' recording all songs recorded by mads bjerke and british sea power at 2 khz .
18	many instruments may be incorporated into funk rock , but the overall sound is defined by a definitive bass or drum beat and electric guitar .
26	the musicians backing dylan on the track include charlie mccoy , joseph a. souter jr . , and wayne moss on guitar , henry strzelecki on bass , hargus '' pig '' robbins on piano , al kooper on organ and kenny buttrey on drums .
6	while attending classes of flute and bass at wayne state university , he further developed his saxophone and compositional skills under the guidance of renowned teacher larry teal at the teal school of music .
5	life neblett , who sings bass , hails from cairo , illinois .
12	he brought together bob mcnett ( guitar ) , hillous butrum ( bass ) , jerry rivers ( fiddle ) and don helms ( steel guitar ) to form the most famous version of the drifting cowboys , earning an estimated us$ 1,000 per show ( equivalent to us$ in ) .
23	band members francois '' van coke '' badenhorst vocals johnny de ridder lead guitar hunter kennedy back-up vocals and rhythm guitar wynand myburgh bass jaco '' snakehead '' venter drums justin kruger touring drummer music style even though the band has a unique sound , especially when compared to other afrikaans bands , their more recent albums have hinted at being inspired by bands such as queens of the stone age .
24	track listing personnel andrew huffstetler -- lead vocals , trombone , floor tom mark hughes ( credited as '' badnwz hughes '' ) -- bass , backing vocals mike rudnicki ( credited as '' robonicki '' ) -- guitar , backing vocals steven barnett -- drums , room evacuator ( re1 ) , and misc .
23	wilton felder in 1978 wilton lewis felder ( born august 31 , 1940 , houston , texas ) is an american saxophone and bass player , and is best known as a founding member of the jazz crusaders , later known as the crusaders .
1	personnel bass - verdine white co-producer - charles stepney drums - fred white , maurice white , ralph johnson engineer - george massenburg flute , saxophone - andrew p. woolfolk guitar - al mckay , johnny graham kalimba - maurice white percussion - al mckay , fred white , maurice white , philip bailey , ralph johnson , verdine white piano , organ , synthesizer ( moog ) - larry dunn producer - maurice white vocals - maurice white , philip bailey , verdine white charts accolades the information regarding accolades attributed to that 's the way of the world is adapted from acclaimedmusic.net , soultracks.com and www.rockhall.com .
8	; past-members cosmo -- guitar ronnie garrity -- bass and vocals .
21	after you 've gone this segment again featured benny goodman and the goodman octet as eight anthropomorphized instruments ( piano , bass , drums , clarinet , trumpet , trombone , alto sax , tenor sax ) who paraded through a musical playground .
39	during a typical oaks show you are likely to see : reyes playing percussion and keys ; antolick playing various percussion instruments and keys ; cocking playing accordion , trumpet and keys ; siegel playing trombone , percussion , bass and keys ; willson playing alto saxophone and guitar ; and costello alternating between acoustic and electric guitars as well as lead and harmony vocals .
28	track listing personnel ; alice in chains layne staley -- lead vocals jerry cantrell -- guitar , backing vocals sean kinney -- drums , percussion mike inez -- bass produced by alice in chains engineered and mixed by toby wright assisted by liz sroka and jon plum ; additional performers april acevez -- viola rebecca clemons-smith -- violin matthew weiss -- violin justine foy -- violoncello david atkinson -- harmonica randy biro -- additional vocals darrel peters -- additional vocals chart positions album singles i did not chart on the billboard hot 100 ; peak chart position represents hot 100 airplay data .
24	personnel david byrne -- guitar , vocals chris frantz -- drums , vocals jerry harrison -- guitar , keyboards , vocals tina weymouth -- bass , guitar , keyboards , vocals additional personnel bernie worrell -- keyboards alex weir -- guitar , vocals steve scales -- percussion edna holt -- backing vocals lynn mabry -- backing vocals reception '' a bona fide classic , '' opined neil jeffries in a five-star review of the reissue for empire , '' a perfectly measured snapshot of a widely loved and respected band playing at the height of their powers ... no other band could do this .
21	fire it up has been used by the mlb track listing credits trevor mcnevan - vocals , guitar joel bruyere - bass steve augustine - drums pete stewart - additional guitar music video trevor mcnevan stated that a music video for the song , which will make it the first song from welcome to the masquerade to receive one , was in production .
35	2007 edition is also known as billy thorpe commemorative edition discography for his work as leader of the aztecs see the aztecs according to allmusic , thorpe is credited with : guitars ( lead , bass , rhythm ) , vocals , record producer , sound engineer , keyboards , synthesizer , sound mixing and harmonica .
9	track listing personnel john l. cooper -- vocals , bass , piano trey mcclurkin -- drums , backing vocals ken steorts -- guitar , backing vocals , guitar synth music video a music video was made for the song '' more faithful '' .
14	music butthole surfers introduced themselves to the world with seven songs full of throbbing bass , crashing drums , and heavily distorted guitar topped off with largely nonsensical , barely intelligible lyrics , alternately sung by lead vocalist gibby haynes and guitarist paul leary .
19	scoring and structure the work is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , flute , oboe d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
11	he has the voice of a typical basso cantante and sings bass and as well bass-baritone roles .
24	personnel barry gibb -- lead , harmony and background vocals , acoustic guitar , producer bill shepherd -- orchestral arrangement uncredited -- guitar , bass , drums jerry vale version the jerry vale version released on the 1970 lp i do n't know how to love her on columbia records .
23	the choir receives additional support from members of the public who bolster the ranks when support is required , providing a more balanced bass and tenor sound .
13	in the 1980s , he began to produce his own electric guitars and bass .
32	by the time of armed & hammered 's first release in 1991 , the fully loaded cassette the latter three had given way to hardcore dave ( guitar ) and kieran ( bass ) , beginning the long revolving door of membership .
56	this is how the credits appear : topon das -- vocals , answering machine , midi , guitar sedric k. downy -- guitar , kettle sampling , vocals robin lowman -- guitar , samba albums , un - christian noise attacks alphie makay -- drums , drum machine , toilet flushes , vocals max vo -- bass , chapman stick , vacuum noise fuck the facts -- composer , performer , recording , mixing reissue in 2003 , discoing the dead was remastered and reissued with new artwork and one bonus track on brazilian label black hole productions .
57	-- guitars , piano , backing vocals also in the supergroup the tokyo high black as lead guitarist '' mon marshy '' , with saga as '' tomorrow joe '' and musasaby ( nao from kagrra, ) , madao ( keiyu from kra ) , tako ( takuya from administrator ) and gey ( drums ) -- bass , vocals , synthesizer , keyboards also in the supergroup the tokyo high black as rhythm guitarist '' tomorrow joe '' , with tora as '' mon marshy '' .
19	the best-known lineup of kyosuke himuro ( vocals ) , tomoyasu hotei ( guitar ) , tsunematsu matsui ( bass ) and makoto takahashi ( drums ) reached legendary status in japan during the 1980s .
21	track listing personnel ; eleventyseven matt langston - lead vocals , guitar , synthesizer , programming , producer caleb satterfield - bass , backing vocals johnathan stephens - drums dan pitts - executive producer laurie anderson - executive producer bryan lenox - additional keys / programming , mixing , co-producer on tracks 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 7 , 8 , 9 & 10 rob hawkins - co-producer on tracks 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 & 9 nathan dantzler - mastering che mcpherson - art & design music videos notes besides the release of the late 2009 halloween single '' flashlight '' , adventures in eville was bassist caleb satterfield 's last work with the group before departing to focus on his marriage .
22	members sara delight acker -- lead vocals marcus acker -- lead guitar , backing vocals charlie harper -- drums justin bassett -- bass discography albums 2003 : innerview -- independent released 2005 : the revolution -- fervent records 2008 : love -- 7spin music 2010 : inhabited unplugged - acoustic album 2010 : love 2 - unreleased songs for the album love games rescue me was featured on guitar praise .
20	history the first line-up of the sparkles consisted of stanley smith and carl huckaby on guitar , bob donnell on bass , johnny waller on piano , brothers jesse and guy balew on saxophone and vocals , and gary blakey on drums .
21	history shortly after his two solo recordings , conor oberst ( guitar , vocals ) began playing with tim kasher ( bass ) and matt bowen ( drums ) to form commander venus the summer before oberst 's freshman year at creighton prep .
17	smith grew up in the rural western massachusetts town of colrain , learning piano , guitar , bass and drums as a teenager .
15	personnel jón þór birgisson -- vocals , guitar kjartan sveinsson -- keyboard georg hólm -- bass orri páll dýrason -- drums orchestral version bbc concert orchestra performed in concerts a version of '' glósóli '' for orchestra and optional chorus arranged by composer fung lam as part of their education projects in 2006 and 2009 .
23	weikath is one of the founding members of helloween , along with kai hansen ( vocals / guitar ) , markus grosskopf ( bass ) , and ingo schwichtenberg ( drums ) .
8	'' buff '' mike nagiec joined to play bass in 1995 , and sean degan joined as second guitarist later on .
10	personnel thomas erak -- vocals , guitar tim ward -- bass , vocals , layout concept and illustrations andrew forsman -- drums additional personnel nouela johnston -- keyboards , backing vocals matt bayles -- producer , engineer , mixing john ziemski -- assistant at robert lang studios ed brooks -- mastering bill scoville -- layout construction brandon proff -- layout construction charts album - billboard ( north america ) vinyl release in november 2011 , enjoy the ride records reissued manipulator on vinyl for the first time as a double lp .
25	scoring the work is scored for three vocal soloists in the roles narrator , tenor schlendrian ( literally : stick in the mud ) , bass lieschen , his daughter , soprano .
18	spears 's cover of '' my prerogative '' is musically different from its original version , with the bass and new jack swing sound replaced with synthesizers and elements typical of bloodshy & avant productions .
25	the work has parts for two alto recorders , two violas da gamba , basso continuo , and soprano , alto , tenor , and bass voices .
20	in 1973 , the two released their first album together , pieces of a man , with ron carter on bass .
16	track listing all songs written and arranged by bryan loren personnel bryan loren - keyboards , bass , synthesizers , guitars , drum programming recording and mixing engineers : paul mckenna , john hedeges , sabrina buchanen , richard cottrell , bryan loren executive producer - john mcclain charts singles notes '' summer love '' was the b-side for the lead single , '' ( baby tell me ) can you dance '' .
15	track listing cd version lp version personnel ; merzbow with boris takeshi -- vocals , bass , guitar wata -- vocals , guitar , echo atsuo -- drum , percussion , vocals masami akita -- ems synthi a , computer , hand made instruments , effects yasuaki satake -- p.a engineer kazu -- recording souichiro nakamura at peace music -- mixing , mastering fangsanalsatan -- design ( diwphalanx ) shizu -- drawing ( diwphalanx ) soma -- design ( southern lord ) thomas hooper -- drawing ( southern lord ) miki matsushima -- photo ( southern lord ) pressing history the southern lord version has a die cut cover and is limited to 5000 ( machine numbered ) .
8	personnel lauri ylönen -- vocals eero heinonen -- bass , backing vocals pauli rantasalmi -- guitar aki hakala -- drums track listing live at gampel open air music videos extras four video documentaries photos storyboards an interview making of the videos a hidden clip from the first studio shot of '' in the shadows '' see also dead letters , the band 's fifth studio album .
49	; deluxe edition bonus disc ; itunes store/amazon mp3 bonus tracks ; vinyl edition disc 2 , side a ; vinyl edition disc 2 , side b personnel regina spektor - piano , vocals , guitar , percussion nick valensi - guitar on '' better '' david kahne - bass on '' better '' zhao gang - erhu on '' field below '' ralph u. williams - saxophone on '' lady '' shawn pelton - drums on '' fidelity '' , '' better '' , '' on the radio '' , '' hotel song '' , '' après moi '' & '' that time '' rachel beth egenhoefer - album design charts peak positions certifications single success in 2006 , regina spektor 's first single , '' fidelity '' , premiered on vh1 .
3	george duvivier -- bass art taylor -- drums june 4 , 1954 , fine sound studios , new york , side a tracks 5-6 and side b tracks 1-2 .
7	with sal on guitar and dan on bass , their first line-up was with frankie orlandoni on vocals , jim foster on lead guitar and john caton on drums .
27	track listings credits and personnel franco migliacci -- songwriter domenico modugno -- vocals , songwriter alberto semprini -- orchestra conductor sestetto azzurro -- musicians walter beduschi -- bass bruno de filippi -- guitar pupo de luca -- drums ebe mautino -- harp mario migliardi -- hammond organ alberto semprini -- piano credits adapted from discografia nazionale della canzone italiana .
2	mark cuppello bass adam payne keyboards and backing vocals critical acclaim morrissey has mentioned his love for the courteeners on numerous occasions .
20	; track listing ; credits johan hegg − vocals olavi mikkonen − guitar anders hansson − guitar ted lundström − bass nico kaukinen − drums the arrival of the fimbul winter the arrival of the fimbul winter is a demo self-released in 1994 .
59	also in 1978 , emotion was used as the b-side of johnny mathis and deniece williams ' single '' too much , too little , too late '' , which reached number one in the u.s. personnel samantha sang - vocals barry gibb - harmony and background vocals joey murcia - guitar george bitzer - keyboards harold cowart - bass ron ziegler - drums karl richardson - engineer destiny 's child version in 2001 , '' emotion '' was recorded by american b group destiny 's child for their third studio album survivor ( 2001 ) .
32	the band is currently ( as of november 2014 ) composed of brian aldridge ( guitar , mandolin ) , tom boyd ( banjo , resophonic guitar ) , dan russell ( bass ) , and ron thomason ( mandolin , banjo , guitar ) .
35	track listing personnel bobby '' blitz '' ellsworth -- lead vocals dave linsk -- lead guitar , backing vocals derek '' the skull '' tailer -- rhythm guitar , backing vocals d.d . verni -- bass , backing vocals ron lipnicki -- drums produced by overkill recorded at the metro , sydney , australia on september 25 , 2010 .
38	our last night is an american post-hardcore band , formed in 2004 by four members , consisting of trevor wentworth ( vocals ) , matthew wentworth ( guitar , vocals ) , alex '' woody '' woodrow ( bass ) , tim molloy ( drums ) .
22	camp meeting is the tenth studio album by american pianist and singer bruce hornsby , who was joined by christian mcbride ( bass ) and jack dejohnette ( drums ) .
8	for example , among men , there are bass , baritone , tenor and countertenor ( ranging from e2 to even f6 ) , and among women , contralto , mezzo-soprano and soprano ( ranging from f3 to c6 ) .
5	at eighteen he discovered the bass , and formed '' manhattan '' , a light jazz band , and then '' ruido blanco '' with journalist and musician oscar sarquiz , who introduced sabo to guillermo briseño , ( musician , poet ) and ricardo ochoa ( musician and producer ) starting the recording and production of many records and many tours in the mid-1980s .
21	harry mcgilberry ( january 19 , 1950 april 3 , 2006 ) was an american b and soul singer and latter-day bass singer for the temptations between 1995 and 2003 .
25	'' the band includes judith casselberry on acoustic guitar and vocals , robert '' chicken '' burke on drum , fred cass , jr. on bass , adam widoff on electric guitar , and catherine russell on mandolin and vocals .
30	'' the song is notable for several aspects : the lyrical pentatonic-scale melody , the subjects of toil and social class , metaphor to the mississippi , and as a bass solo ( rare in musicals , solos for baritone or tenor being more common ) .
44	bach first performed the cantata on 22 december 1715 in the ducal chapel , scoring and structure as in several other cantatas on words of franck , the cantata is scored for a small ensemble , here soprano , alto , tenor , and bass , two oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
19	track listing personnel ; communic oddleif stensland -- lead vocals , lead guitar , rhythm guitar erik mortensen -- bass tor atle andersen -- drums ; production recorded , mixed , and mastered by jacob hansen at hansen studios , denmark .
23	track listing personnel robin kvist - vocals filip norman - guitar jimmy wahlsteen - guitar federico de costa - drums patrik persson - bass guest musiciansl karl asp - saxophone , ( on '' ta farväl '' , '' aldrig tillbaks '' and '' förförande rädsla '' ) ola de freitas - violin , ( on '' vansinnet '' ) production bo fredrik gunnarsson - engineer marcus von boisman - engineer petter ingman - engineer mastered by claes persson .
15	ernie isley : electric guitar , acoustic guitar , drums , percussion marvin isley : bass chris jasper : electric piano , clavinet , arp synthesizers , t.o.n.t.o. , acoustic piano .
5	jonas haskins is the former bass player for the drone metal band earth .
34	uk cd : ape cd 014 personnel andy partridge -- instruments and vocals on all tracks dave gregory - sitar guitar and mellotron on 19 ian gregory - drums on 19 colin moulding - bass on 19 credits all songs were recorded at andy 's home except 19 , partly recorded at idea studio , wiltshire .
13	the speaker received positive reviews with particular praise devoted to the reproduction of bass and sub-bass .
27	ravenstone is an american rock band formed in athens , georgia in 1971 by butch blasingame ( lead guitar , vocals ) , dwight brown , ( bass , acoustic guitar , vocals ) , michael a. simpson , ( vocals , harmonica , percussion , air raid siren ) , ralph towler ( guitar , mandolin , keyboards , vocals ) and bill wilson ( drums , saxophone , clarinet , vocals ) .
12	side a side b personnel phil anselmo -- vocals rex brown -- bass dimebag darrell -- guitar vinnie paul -- drums charts other covers '' planet caravan '' has also been covered by : mercury rev as part of a 2001 john peel radio session and as a b-side on cd1 of their 2002 single the dark is rising .
16	track listing personnel gary moore - guitar / vocals tommy eyre - keyboards andy pyle - bass graham walker - drums martin drover - trumpet frank mead - alto sax / harmonica nick pentalow - tenor sax nick payn - baritone sax candy mackenzie - backing vocals carol thompson - backing vocals guest musician albert collins appears on '' too tired '' on guitar and vocals .
16	around this time the band had a major line-up change and added a new keyboardist and bass ( in addition a guest saxophonist was added , not becoming a full member of the band until 2004 ) .
46	subsequently , hogarth 's side-project , the h-band , has played live across the uk and europe featuring a variety of musicians , including former the stone roses mkii guitarist aziz ibrahim , massive attack and the bays drummer andy gangadeen , session musician jingles on bass , aziz 's regular musical partner dalbir singh rattan on tablas and stephanie sobey-jones on cello .
23	credits band petri lindroos − harsh vocals and guitar kristian ranta − guitar and clean vocals toni hallio − drums jukka koskinen − bass tuomas planman − keyboards and synthesizer production and other engineered by anssi kippo , assisted by t. auvinen .
20	history formed in 2000 , the band consists of tim walker ( guitar , vocals ) , graeme walker ( bass , vocals ) , dennis goodwin ( guitar , synths , vocals ) and bob deveau ( drums and electronics ) .
17	agostino rovere ( 1804 , monza - 1865 , new york city ) was an italian operatic bass .
19	hervey alan ( 22 february 1910 , whitstable - 12 january 1982 , croydon ) was an english opera bass and voice teacher .
24	members loles vázquez '' anarkoma zorrita '' - guitar mamen rodrigo '' evelyn zorrita '' - voice begoña astigarraga '' ruth zorrita '' - bass lupe vázquez '' pigüy zorrita '' - drums discography «me gusta ser una zorra» / «inkisición» ( dos rombos , 1983 ) .
3	lou howard played bass and hallam lewis was on guitar and vocals .
7	his role in darts was as the bass singer , songwriter , arranger and music director .
30	according john crosby 's professor longhair : a bio-discography , performers included roy byrd ( vocals , piano ) , lee allen ( tenor saxophone ) , frank fields ( bass ) , earl palmer ( drums ) , and alvin '' red '' tyler ( baritone saxophone ) .
2	ninj : bass and drums , keyboard .
41	singles track listing personnel musicians chris jericho ( credited as moongoose mcqueen ) -- lead vocals rich ward ( credited as duke larüe ) -- guitar , backing vocals dan dryden ( credited as shawn '' sports '' pop ) -- bass , backing vocals frank fontsere ( credited as kk laflame ) -- drums ryan mallam ( credited as the kidd ) -- guitar additional musicians butch walker ( marvelous 3 ) - guitar solo and additional vocals on '' over the mountain '' .
24	track listing all songs written by the suicide machines performers jason navarro - vocals dan lukacinsky - guitar , backing vocals royce nunley - bass , backing vocals derek grant - drums , hammond organ , clavinet , piano , backing vocals ( tracks 1-14 , 27 & 28 ) ryan vandeberghe - drums ( tracks 15-26 , 29 & 30 ) vinnie nobile - trombone ( tracks 1-8 ) larry klimas - tenor saxophone ( tracks 1-8 ) joe bishara - loops and programming ( tracks 15-20 ) bennett salvay - orchestral arrangements and organ ( tracks 15-20 album information record label : hollywood records all songs written by the suicide machines tracks 1-8 produced by julian raymond , phil kaffel , and the suicide machines .
19	history formation the greencards were initially composed of two australians , kym warner on mandolin and carol young on bass , and an englishman , eamon mcloughlin on fiddle .
23	max friedlaender ( 12 october 1852 , brieg / brzeg , austrian silesia -- 2 may 1934 , berlin ) was a german bass singer , music editor , and musicologist .
14	carlo colombara ( born 1964 in bologna , italy ) is an italian operatic bass .
35	giacomo puccini 's messa or messa a quattro voci ( currently more widely known under the apocryphal name of messa di gloria ) is a mass composed for orchestra and four-part choir with tenor , bass and baritone soloists .
19	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir only for the closing chorale , two oboe , two oboes da caccia , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
49	( see '' declare independence '' live dedications ) personnel band vocals , piano : harry connick , jr . trombone : lucien barbarin , joe barati , jeff bush , dion tucker trumpet : roger ingram , derrick gardner , mark braud , leroy jones , bijon watson bass : neal caine alto saxophone : charles '' ned '' goold baritone saxophone : david schumacher tenor saxophone : jerry weldon drums : arthur latin band member dion tucker proposed to his girlfriend , on stage during the concert on april 21 , 2007 , in radio city music hall , in new york , new york .
80	the pair set out to form a vocal group from the ranks of his students , hoping to cash in on the new trend of vocal quintets in r & b. the group was at first called the ques , composed of clyde mcphatter ( lead tenor ) , whom ward recruited after mcphatter won '' amateur night '' at the apollo theater , charlie white ( tenor ) , joe lamont ( baritone ) , and bill brown ( bass ) .
12	personnel syu - guitar , throat masatoshi ono - vocals taka - bass junichi - drums yuhki - keyboards , hammond organ production produced by yorimisa hisatake .
39	personnel chet atkins - guitar ( '' heart and soul '' ) errol '' crusher '' bennett - percussion vicki brown - background vocals margot buchanan - background vocals willy deville - vocals , background vocals mickey feat - bass , background vocals guy fletcher - keyboards , background vocals mark knopfler - guitar jamie lane - drums jeff porcaro - drums ( '' could you would you ?
9	in 1991 , powell auditioned for the position of bass - playing in the band my dying bride , but was turned down as the band had just filled the position .
34	ep , hijack records ( sep 2005 ) dead streets , hijack records ( sep 2006 ) band members mike szymanski - vocals , guitar erik eriksson - guitar , vocals kerem yazar - bass , vocals '' doc '' - drums songs featured on television one of their songs , '' dead streets '' was featured in the shower scene of grey 's anatomy , from the episode it 's the end of the world , part 1 .
37	track listing side a side b personnel sylvester james - vocals the weather girls - backing vocals ( tracks b3 lead vocals ) james '' tip '' wirrick - guitar dan reich - keyboards john dunstan - bass sandyjack reiner - drums production recorded , mixed and mastered at fantasy studios , berkeley .
18	the band was formed at that time by : yoryi on the drums , josé r on the bass , on the guitar and viola as the vocalist .
6	biography in 1861 he sang first bass in several philadelphia musical societies .
7	personnel paul mccartney -- double-tracked vocal , bass , lead guitar john lennon -- backing vocal , electric piano george harrison -- backing vocal , lead and rhythm guitar ringo starr -- drums , percussion cover versions restless heart released a cover version on their 2004 album still restless .
5	following tuthill 's departure , bass player rik fox ( who was a founding member of w.a.s.p. ) was a number of top musicians who auditioned for hellion , and was invited to return for a second round of auditions .
18	credits gabriele kerner -- vocals rainer kitzmann -- guitar rolf brendel -- drum and percussion frank röhler -- bass andy kirnberger -- keyboard , assorted guitars , singing harmony and producer manfred nauner -- recording engineer at nigel jobson -- english vocals on '' do n't you think that i 'm a lady ?
14	chapman later took up co-rapping duties alongside arthanayake , with the line-up completed by bass player johnny dawe ( previously of hull band death by milkfloat ) .
25	( 21 ) personnel axl rose - lead vocals slash - slide , dobro izzy stradlin - acoustic guitar , lead vocals duff mckagan - bass , acoustic guitar matt sorum - drums shannon hoon - back up vocals tim doyle - tambourine '' bad obsession '' '' bad obsession '' is track seven on the album .
21	zwei is a japanese duo formed in 2003 composed of model megumi ueno ( born may 24 , 1980 ) on bass and ayumu ( born march 30 , 1978 ) on vocals .
15	alexander '' las '' ulyanov dusk watch ( novel ) : normal human heavy metal bass player that anton encounters while undercover in dusk watch .
21	the original lineup of the flaming lips was mark on lead vocals , wayne on guitar , and michael ivins on bass .
18	on occasions beer would stand in for absent band members , and knightley returned the favor by playing bass ( under the pseudonym '' gene vogel '' ) for the arizona smoke revue , the group beer was in at the time .
13	putnam griswold ( 1875 -- 1914 ) was an american opera singer ( bass ) , born in minneapolis , minn. originally he followed a business career .
14	herbert wilson beattie ( born august 23 , 1926 ) is an american operatic bass and voice teacher .
36	the primary reason for this success is most certainly the high quality of the music involved , but the dramaturgical structure also presents significant material such as the mad scene involving agnese 's father uberto ( bass ) .
20	personnel performance bud powell -- piano ( all ) curtis fuller -- trombone ( tracks 6-8 ) paul chambers -- bass ( all except track 4 ) art taylor -- drums ( all except track 4 ) production bob blumenthal -- liner notes michael boland - art direction and design michael cuscuna -- producer leonard feather -- liner notes gordan h. jee - creative direction alfred lion -- producer , original session producer reid miles -- cover design rudy van gelder -- recording engineer , mastering francis wolff -- photography , cover photo release history the album was first released in 1957 as a 12 '' lp .
9	while typical rock instruments , such as guitar , bass , and drums , are dominant , a variety of instruments and sounds are used .
27	band personnel jon bon jovi ( lead vocals , acoustic guitar , harmonica ) richie sambora ( guitar , backing vocals , talkbox ) hugh mcdonald ( bass , backing vocals ) tico torres ( drums , percussion ) david bryan ( keyboards , backing vocals ) with bobby bandiera ( guitar , backing vocals ) lorenza ponce ( violin , backing vocals ) kurt johnston ( pedal steel guitar , backing vocals ) charts and certifications peak positions certifications live album ( germany & u.k. ) lost highway : the concert is an exclusive germany release of the concert recorded in chicago , 2007 .
12	some of the international instruments used in this album are baglama , bass , bongo drum , clarinet , didgeridoo , drum , electric guitar , ethnic percussion , latin percussion , piano , spanish guitar and persian instruments like daf , kamancheh , oud , santur , setar , tonbak and ney .
22	track listing musicians jakob mølbjerg - rhythm guitar mikkel sandager - clean vocals henrik '' kral '' andersen - death growl , bass morten sandager - keyboards rasmus jacobsen - drums signar petersen - lead guitar credits all music written by mercenary .
5	with percussion , keyboard and bass they sing several songs of ella fitzgerald en aretha franklin .
86	'' track listing ; cd promo single ( 1989 ) ; cd single version 1 and 12 '' single ( 1989 ) ; 7 '' single/picture disc ( 1989 ) ; 7 '' version 2 ( 1989 ) ; 7 '' version 3 ( 1989 ) ; 12 '' single ( 1989 ) ; cd single version 2 ( 1989 ) ; 7 '' australian single ( 1989 ) personnel anthony kiedis - lead vocals john frusciante - guitar , co - lead vocals flea - bass chad smith - drums ; add .
2	yorke played bass on '' the national anthem '' ( known during the sessions as '' everyone '' ) , a track radiohead had once attempted to record as a b-side for ok computer .
7	jack bruce joined the group to provide bass and vocals on its second album , turn it over , released in 1970 .
23	personnel george harrison -- double-tracked vocals , handclaps , lead guitar john lennon -- handclaps , rhythm guitar paul mccartney -- handclaps , bass ringo starr -- handclaps , drums electric light orchestra electric light orchestra 's ( elo ) elaborate eight-minute reworking of '' roll over beethoven '' , appearing on the album elo 2 in 1973 , included an opening musical quote from beethoven 's fifth symphony and clever interpolations of material from the symphony 's first movement into berry 's song .
2	a talented bass , timberlake performed in opera and musical in theaters throughout north america in addition to acting in plays from the 1940s through the 1980s .
14	he was most noted for his comic performances , possessing a powerful and agile bass voice , a wide range , and adroit acting skills : leporello in don giovanni was one of his signature roles .
12	the band only played on classical instruments ( violins , cello , bass and drums ) .
4	sarah hall borrowed a bass from paul simonon of the clash , and they invited greg van cook , who was in the process of breaking away from the electric chairs , to play guitar .
26	band lineup natalie naveira - multi-instrumentalist , including guitar , violin , zither and theremin ; singer and songwriter dg - plays sampler , moog and bass ; producer and songwriter discography suicidal adage ep ( 2004 ) track listing : tribute to desolation ` scape nothing was special suicidal adage .
58	he appeared at an apollo records recording session in hollywood , california , on august 2 , 1945 , with illinois jacquet ( trumpet ) , john brown , ( alto saxophone ) , arthur dennis ( baritone saxophone ) , bill doggett ( piano ) , ulysses livingston ( guitar ) , and charles ‘charlie’ mingus ( bass ) .
24	; jerusalem ; dopesmoker ( tee pee issue ) ; dopesmoker ( southern lord reissue ) personnel ; sleep al cisneros -- vocals , bass matt pike -- guitar chris hakius -- drums ; jerusalem sleep -- producer philp hayward -- assistant engineer doug henderson -- assistant engineer fred kervorkian -- editing adam muñoz -- assistant engineer ; dopesmoker ( 2003 tee pee issue ) sleep -- producer , liner notes billy anderson -- producer , engineer mark keaton -- mastering arik roper -- artwork ; dopesmoker ( 2012 southern lord reissue ) sleep -- producer , liner notes billy anderson -- producer , engineer brad boatright -- mastering arik roper -- artwork notes version notes : † this refers to the dopesmoker ( 2003 ) release of the album .
6	initially hebden played guitar , ilhan bass , and jeffers drums , but hebden and ilhan soon adopted a variety of other instruments , and by 1999 's eph the sampler was playing an increasingly important role in the group 's music .
7	they were formed when jim barr ( bass ) and clive deamer ( drums ) , the rhythm section from the trip hop group portishead , teamed up with jake mcmurchie ( saxophone ) and pete judge ( trumpet ) over their mutual appreciation of ornette coleman .
3	antón ramírez : bass .
31	the band then consisted of mike scott on vocals and guitar , anthony thistlethwaite on saxophone and mandolin , wallinger on keyboards , roddy lorimer on trumpet , martyn swain on bass and kevin wilkinson on drum .
39	personnel lead vocals by sly stone background vocals by rose stone , freddie stone , larry graham , and little sister ( vet stone , mary mccreary , elva mouton ) piano by rose stone guitar by freddie stone bass by larry graham drums by greg errico horns by jerry martini ( tenor saxophone ) and cynthia robinson ( trumpet ) additional instrumentation by los angeles studio musicians written and produced by sly stone cover versions the jackson 5 covered the song on their debut album , diana ross presents the jackson 5 liquid jesus recorded the song for the film pump up the volume . in 1991 , the minneapolis-saint paul - based ensemble sounds of blackness included a version of '' stand !
13	newman had already had three different careers , as a stockjobber , a bass soloist , and a concert agent .
14	usually the band performs as follows : murphy is on lead vocals and plays bass , pentland is also on lead vocals and plays lead guitar , ferguson plays rhythm guitar , and scott plays drums .
46	track listing all songs written by jonathan byrd unless indicated otherwise '' livers & gizzards '' ( hidden tracks/outtakes available as wav files on the cd release ) credits musicians : jonathan byrd -- guitar & vocals john showman -- fiddle & vocals brian kobayakawa -- bass & vocals andrew collins -- mandolin & vocals chris quinn -- banjo & vocals treasa levasseur -- piano , accordion & vocals ken whitely -- national steel & vocals production : produced -- jonathan byrd executive producers -- ed & jand grant , jim & brenda prescott recorded -- ken whitely & nik tjelios at casa wroxton , toronto , ontario , november 23 , 2009 mixed -- jonathan byrd & jerry brown at the bonus room , hillsborough , north carolina , & the rubber room , chapel hill , north carolina baby photo -- darling art , ( darling-art .
25	the band consists of singer and pianist will currie , guitar dan beacock , fender rhodes and percussionist stephen wood , drummer aaron mariash , bass daniel macpherson , and amanda currie on vocals and saxophone .
24	; personnel lindsay lohan - songwriting , vocals kara dioguardi - songwriting , producer , background vocals john shanks - songwriting , producer , bass , guitar , keyboards , mixing dave audé - engineer jeff rothschild - drums , engineer , mixing , programming mark valentine - engineer credits are taken from speak liner notes .
13	life after extensive musical education , karel berman started his career as a bass singer of opera in opava .
18	personnel john lennon - vocals , keyboards earl slick , hugh mccracken - lead guitar tony levin - bass george small - keyboards michelle simpson , cassandra wooten , cheryl mason jacks , eric troyer - backing vocals andy newmark - drums matthew cunningham - hammer dulcimer arthur jenkins - percussion cover versions the song has been covered by gwen guthrie ( 1992 ) , the samples ( 1997 ) , matisyahu for the benefit album ( 2007 ) , and charly garcía under the name '' mirando las ruedas '' for his album kill gil ( 2010 ) .
28	afterwards , bearer would spend some time in southern california before returning to new york , where he reformed sheer terror with blake , adding mark neuman on bass and jason martin on drums .
19	members current members alan and alex alexander johnson - lead vocals ( 2009 -- present ) alan poettcker - bass , vocals ( 2009 -- present ) matt vink - keys/synth , backing vocals ( 2009 -- present ) joe porter - guitar , backing vocals ( 2009 -- present ) joshua '' gypsy '' mcdaniel - guitar , backing vocals ( 2009 -- present ) josh mitchinson - drums ( 2009 -- present ) history formation and jumpstart alex and alan knew each other from high school , where they wrote songs together .
37	personnel charity rose thielen - vocals , violin , percussion josiah johnson - vocals , guitar , percussion jonathan russell - vocals , guitar , percussion tyler williams - drums , percussion , vocals chris zasche - bass , vocals kenny hensley - piano , vocals commercial performance the head and the heart debuted at number 109 with 4,000 copies sold on 200 .
17	the band was founded by michael '' elf '' mayer ( guitar ) , eddi räther ( bass ) and ball ( peter wodok -- drums ) .
21	they recruited drummer martin '' frosty '' beedle , previously a member of the cabaret band on the qe2 , and bass player colin farley , a session musician living in spain .
24	personnel signed to manager don arden , the band members were : stuart attride ( guitar , keyboards , vocals ) gerry wade ( bass , vocals ) steve maher ( guitar , vocals ) barry creasy ( drum , vocals ) chas wade ( drums , vocals ) eileen woodman ( hammond organ , vocals ) dave church ( vocals ) pete hole ( guitar , vocals ) history previously , billed as the rush , they had recorded two singles with decca : '' happy '' / '' once again '' , and '' enjoy it '' / '' make mine music '' .
27	biography raised in paradise valley , arizona , cris took up the banjo after seeing deliverance , moved on to guitar , and ultimately picked up the bass when he started playing together in bands with his older brother curt .
25	history the band 's original 5-piece lineup was ( singer ) ian powell , tradd sanderson and dan rozenblum playing guitar , david sanderson on bass and jason caldwell on drums .
39	personnel tim burgess -- lead vocals , harmonica , underwater piano mark collins -- guitar tony rogers -- mellotron , organ , piano , backing vocals , lead vocals on '' loving you is easy '' martin blunt -- bass jon brookes -- drums use in popular culture in 2004 to 2008 the album 's second single try again today featured in an advert for dobbies garden centres .
24	the song begins with nielsen playing a descending , single note pattern on his guitar , while tom petersson plays a similar pattern on bass .
8	the production starred his friends luigi lablache ( bass ) in the title role , giulia grisi ( soprano ) , giovanni battista rubini ( tenor ) , and antonio tamburini ( baritone ) .
11	raffaele scalese ( 1800 -- 1884 ) was an italian operatic bass who specialized in the opera buffa repertoire .
15	personnel john lennon double track vocal , rhythm guitar paul mccartney double track vocal , bass george harrison lead guitar ringo starr drums , maracas , tambourine cover versions a cover version was issued as a single by frankie vaughan but failed to chart .
7	as main instruments drums , piano and bass were added .
8	biography the band consisted of chin injeti on bass , ivana santilli on keyboards , and mc mystic ( roger mooking ) on percussion .
16	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is festively scored for alto , tenor and bass soloists , a four-part choir in the chorale , two horn , two oboe , solo violin , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
19	track listing personnel lester young : tenor saxophone jesse drakes : trumpet earl knight : piano aaron bell : bass lee abrahams : percussion count basie orchestra sources gridley , mark c. jazz styles : history & analysis .
24	track listing personnel ; performers rob barrett -- guitar george fisher -- vocals paul mazurkiewicz -- drums jack owen -- guitar alex webster -- bass ; production scott burns -- producer , engineer , mixing cannibal corpse -- producer mike fuller -- mastering brian james -- design vincent locke -- artwork , illustration brian slagel -- executive producer 2007 vile live dvd track listing february 3 , 1997 february 4 , 1997 created to kill several of the songs from the finished album were written while barnes was still in the band , and were recorded in demo form with his vocals .
10	kinnunen 's little brother jussi was hired to play the bass .
10	its syncopated beats use latin percussion , brass instruments , bass , and piano or keyboard .
20	members scott andrew moffatt : lead vocals , guitars clinton thomas john '' clint '' moffatt : backing vocals , bass , percussion robert franklin peter '' bob '' moffatt : backing vocals , drums , congas david michael william '' dave '' moffatt : lead vocals , keyboards discography albums singles dvds ; notes a ^ '' just another phase '' was still climbing the rpm charts when the magazine ceased publication .
2	he plays bass , acoustic guitar and percussion instruments , as well as electric guitar on the track the draw , in bastille .
11	biography early life blessett 's mother was a gospel singer and bass player , and she grew up to the sounds of soul music , gospel and b .
42	members mana -- guitar , synth guitar , keyboards , synthesizers , percussion ( 1992 -- 2001 ) közi -- guitar , synth guitar , keyboards , synthesizers , percussion , backing vocals ( 1992 -- 2001 ) yu ~ ki -- bass , contrabass , percussion , backing vocals ( 1992 -- 2001 ) klaha -- vocals ( 2000 -- 2001 ) ; former members gaz -- drums , percussion ( 1992 -- 1993 ) tetsu -- vocals ( 1992 -- 1994 ) gackt -- vocals , piano ( 1995 -- 1999 ) kami -- drums , percussion ( 1993 -- 1999 ) † after his death , the band listed kami on all subsequent releases as '' eternal blood relative '' .
6	track listing personnel haruomi hosono - bass , guitar , flat mandolin , flat vocal , melodica , thumb piano ( on '' party '' ) , piano ( on '' party '' ) , horn ( wind and brass ) arrangement , production , sony tc-9400 masataka matsutoya - piano , fender rhodes , accordion shigeru suzuki - electric guitar tatsuo hayashi - drums , percussion hiroki komazawa - steel guitar kinji yoshino - horn arrangements , engineering , re-mix engineering masaki nomura - engineering shinzo ishiura , wind corporation - management ritsu kamimura - transportation misako hosono - cooking mitsunori miura ( for bellwood records ) - executive production masahiro nogami - photography work shop mu !
21	he sings both back-up and lead vocals , and plays electric and acoustic guitar , as well as the piano , bass and the synth .
24	track listing credits david zach -- lead vocals , keyboard , rhythm guitar paul zach -- lead guitar , backing vocals philip zach -- bass , backing vocals daniel zach -- drums produced by remedy @ unl east campus great plains room ( lincoln , nebraska ) recorded by warehouse productions engineered by jim '' the homanator '' homan concert sound technician by barbara zach recording assistant - jay hansen mastered by jim '' the homanator '' homan @ warehouse productions ( omaha , nebraska ) design and layout by philip zach and jason peters lyrical consultation by aaron paul roberts photography by uncle david zach , sarah johnston , and amanda nix all songs written by remedy , except '' where you belong '' by peter furler .
43	for the recording , moore enlisted former lone star frontman , kenny driscoll to provide lead vocals ( driscoll 's replacement in lone star , john sloman , would later perform with moore ) , andy pyle of the kinks fame to play bass , former black oak arkansas and pat travers drummer tommy aldridge , and moore 's former colosseum ii bandmate , keyboardist don airey , who would go on to contribute to many of moore 's later solo works .
16	instrumentation the symphony is scored for ten violin , four viola , three cello and two bass .
25	personal ; sicmonic taylor hession - vocals ray goodwin - lead guitar , violin robert '' bob '' warren - rhythm guitar jason williams - bass zack sewell - drums , percussion ; production & recording tracks 1 , 2 , 4 and 7 recorded at highland recorders , phoenix , az engineer - jim woodling tracks 3 , 5 , 6 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 , 13 , 14 , 15 recorded at villain recording , phoenix , az engineer - byron filson mixing and mastering by byron filson , villain recording additional vocals on track 1 by sean carr of lurid state additional lyrics on tracks 6 and 10 by ray goodwin .
27	music video the music video was directed by jonas åkerlund and is a performance-based music video , the first to feature melissa auf der maur , playing bass with the band after the departure of d'arcy wretzky .
29	tracklist personnel pat metheny - acoustic guitar , electric guitar , bandoneon , sitar guitar , baritone guitar , orchestra bells , orchestrionic marimba , keyboards , piano , bass , tiples , percussion , electronics , flugelhorn antonio sánchez - drums willow metheny - vocals reception the album received generally favorable reviews with allmusic 's thom jurek observing '' tap : john zorn 's book of angels , vol .
4	lineup aaron molina -- bass , guitar , vocals christian mcshane -- organ discography studio albums candice recorder - ( sirsumcorda , 2001 ) io - ( self-released , 2002 ) lullaby - ( silber records , 2003 ) yellowstone - ( chairkickers ' union music , 2003 ) 2d ( collaboration with a whisper in the noise ) - ( co-released , 2004 ) greystone at sea - ( dreamland recordings ' australia 2005 ) i have nothing - ( silber records , 2005 ) for - ( self release , 2014 ) ( silber records ) compilations '' in return '' - ( notonlabel records , 2002 ) '' songs for the end of the world '' - ( silber records , 2002 ) sunshine comes slowly through my window - ( finding datura records , 2003 ) who killed cock robin ?
10	adam topol played drum and percussion while merlo podlewski played bass .
13	reynolds plays the guitar , piano , sitar , drums , violin , bass , keyboards , ethnic percussive instrument , solo djembe , harp , uses drum machine for special effects , and sings , although his performances are primarily instrumental rock music .
21	scoring and structure luca della robbia : cantoria , psalm 150 the cantata is festively scored for alto , tenor and bass soloists , a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , three oboe , oboe d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo including bassoon .
19	he played the drums for six months in a blues band with his friends , and he also played bass and guitar and sang backing vocals in a cover band .
19	session musician include tim gordon on sax , john sharp on guitar , terry peoples and nathan scott on bass , and gray fallin , mike lanier and ryan scott on percussion and drum .
34	boucher co-wrote several songs and appears on dawson wells ' debut album re : no subject , for which she played instruments , including drums , guitar , piano and keyboards , tambourine and bass .
49	the group was a full five-piece band by 1978 that featured connell on guitar , franny davidson on banjo -- replaced by richard underwood after the band 's first recording session -- ( eddie d'zmura ) ( musician ) , eddie stubbs on fiddle , and larry robbins playing bass .
18	mercer has also been credited with playing several instruments on the shins ' albums , including guitar , bass , synthesizer , ukulele , banjo , harmonium , percussion , beat and midi programming .
14	norman allin ( 19 november 1884 -- 27 october 1973 ) was a british bass singer of the early and mid twentieth century , and later a teacher of voice .
22	the album is notable for the presence of david bowie on keyboards and background vocals for selected tracks and the rather crushing bass and drum sound ; also , with the sales brothers , the lineup prefigures in part the bowie tin machine lineup .
12	philip neil murray ( born 27 august 1950 ) is a scottish bass player , best known for his work in whitesnake , the brian may band , black sabbath and with gary moore .
13	members -- vocals -- guitar ; former members -- drums -- drums -- bass -- guitar discography ; albums sug life ( september 9 , 2004 ) oricon weekly album chart top position : no. 31 non-fiction ( ノンフィクション , april 3 , 2013 ) no. 7 ; mini albums tokyo stripper ( 東京ストリッパー , january 12 , 2002 ) ; compilation albums brq 2001-2004 ( december 12 , 2004 ) no. 55 complete collection 2001-2004 ( april 3 , 2013 ) no. 57 ; singles '' sukebe boy '' ( スケベボウイ , august 7 , 2002 ) '' caramel drops '' ( キャラメルドロップス , november 29 , 2002 ) '' chaplin '' ( february 5 , 2003 ) oricon weekly single chart top position : no. 23 '' gakidou '' ( 我伐道 , july 24 , 2003 ) no. 14 '' ila .
30	members were : sid jagger ( guitar -- real name : joseph grillo ) , marty leopard ( vocals -- real name : arty shepherd ) , chelsea piers ( bass ) , jj samanen ( drums ) .
51	psychostick is a humorcore band founded in 2000 , currently consisting of rob '' rawrb '' kersey ( lead vocals ) , josh '' the j '' key ( guitar / vocals ) , alex '' shmalex '' dontre ( drums ) , and matty j '' poolemoose '' rzemyk ( bass / vocals ) .
27	kaiser chiefs were formed in 1997 in leeds , england by classmates nick hodgson ( drum ) , nick baines ( keyboards ) and simon rix ( bass ) .
18	the band knut erik østgård : vocals and guitar steinar hagen : guitar and chorus tore larsen : bass and chorus øyvind håkonsen : drums in addition , magnus østvang has contributed on synthesizer and chorus .
15	the flecktones consist of bela fleck on acoustic and electric banjo , victor wooten on bass , his brother , future man on drumitar , howard levy on harmonica and keyboard and jeff coffin on saxophone the flecktones have toured extensively since then , often playing over 200 concerts per year .
40	) ( issued as 12 '' lp : ) ( debut deb-124 ) ( the 2004 reissue contains fourteen tracks , of which nos. 5 through 11 are without parker and gillespie : ) personnel dizzy gillespie trumpet charles mingus bass charlie parker alto sax bud powell piano max roach drums an album of a trio set played by powell , mingus and roach at the concert was also issued ( tracks 6 through 11 above ) .
34	josef františek munclinger , also josef františek munclingr ( 13 september 1888 nítkovice , moravia , then austria-hungary 31 october 1954 mariánské lázně , czech republic , then czechoslovakia ) was a czech opera bass and opera stage director who had an active international career from the 1910s through the 1950s .
18	personnel ; angels & airwaves tom delonge -- vocals , guitar david kennedy -- guitar matt wachter -- bass atom willard -- drums , percussion film a movie with the same title love has also been released .
13	marc ribot -- guitar , vocals chris wood -- guitar sebastian steinberg -- bass dougie bowne -- drums tracks 8 -- 9 were recorded live at cbgb , new york ( december 1992 ) .
6	he is most famous for playing bass in the horror punk band murderdolls ( 2002 -- 2004 ) and guitar in wednesday 13 ( 2006 -- 2007 ) .
9	as well as using modern instruments such as the bass and electric guitar , the band also utilizes instruments typically used in medieval folk songs such as the bagpipes , hurdy-gurdy or shawm , to produce their trademark folk rock sound .
22	personnel ; tracks 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 horace silver piano carmell jones trumpet joe henderson tenor saxophone teddy smith bass roger humphries drums ; tracks 3 , 6-10 horace silver piano blue mitchell trumpet exc .
18	the original lineup consisted of don fleming ( vocals and guitar ) , eric vermillion ( vocals , bass ) , and jay spiegel ( drums ) .
15	in 2009 croome met the musicians now joining her as gossling being joshua jones -- bass , peter marin -- drums and ryan meeking - guitar .
27	the music was recorded at sound city , tower side , fe1 , with takayuki hijikata and makoto matsushita at the guitars , michio nagaoka at the bass and toshinobu takimoto at the drums .
15	however , despite being his plectrum - hand he was still able to play the bass and joined the band in the successful tour .
33	track listing personnel musicians jonny blu -- vocals , music arrangements myke aaron -- piano , music arrangements bob malone -- piano mark miller -- guitar ricky zahariades -- guitar chris golden -- bass chris tedesco -- trumpet martin blasick -- trombone doug webb -- saxophone , woodwind , clarinet , flute jimmy paxson -- drums , percussion production myke aaron -- producer , engineer , mixing jonny blu -- producer , arranger myke aaron -- mixing , mastering international album variations image : in just that kind of a mood-south korea-cover .
9	with abraham on vocals and guitar and largen on bass , largen 's brother joseph was brought in to play drums , opting out of a career in neurosurgery , and whole wheat bread continued to play shows and record .
13	the next year , ganzl joined the new zealand opera company as a bass soloist .
18	personnel maría barracuda -- lead vocals , lyrics jorge '' chiquis '' amaro -- programming , producer , bass , synthesizer , keyboard , guitar , drums , backing vocals daniel aceves -- drums alejandro '' midi '' ortega -- programming , synthesizer i. glez -- piano g. bronfman -- cello tony peluso -- backing vocals sergio santacruz -- backing vocals sociedad anonima -- graphic design source : chart and certifications the album debuted at number 87 on the mexican album charts , climbing to number-52 after nine week .
30	this is the kit perform regularly in various configurations from duo to quintet , with stables on vocals , guitar and banjo , and vernon on violin , guitar , bass and percussion .
25	1960s and 1970s : krautrock mostly instrumental , the signature sound of krautrock mixed rock music and '' rock band '' instrumentation ( guitar , bass , drum ) with electronic instrumentation and textures , often with what would now be described as an ambient music sensibility .
17	the original band members were lauri ylönen ( lead singer / songwriter ) , eero heinonen ( bass ) , pauli rantasalmi ( guitar ) and jarno lahti ( drums ) .
2	he played bass for humpy bong which featured former bee gees drummer colin petersen .
35	'' personnel ; in this moment maria brink -- lead vocals , piano chris howorth -- lead guitar , backing vocals blake bunzel -- rhythm guitar jeff fabb -- drums , percussions kyle konkiel -- bass ; guest musicians gus g -- guitar on '' the road '' adrian patrick -- additional vocals on '' the promise '' ; production kevin churko -- producer , engineering , mixing , pro-tools kane churko -- pro-tools , engineering anthony clarkson -- artwork , layout mike gitter -- a&r steve joh -- a & r andy hartmark -- photography kemnay churko -- photography tara tatangeio -- make-up , hair stylist sheri bodel -- clothing design rob '' blasko '' nicholson -- management chart positions and sales a star-crossed wasteland debuted at # 40 on the 200 , selling approximately 10,500 copies in its first week of release .
17	this was the last song recorded for the album , and features inxs drum jon farriss , bass chris bailey and rick brewster from the angels .
20	after the second chorus , springsteen plays a substantial harmonica solo , high in the mix , as drums and bass from steve jordan and producer brendan o'brien kick in .
113	'' credits and personnel ; recording and mixing recorded at jungle city studios , new york city ; doppler studios , atlanta , georgia ; glenwood place studios , burbank , california ; instrument zoo , miami , florida ; mixed at larrabee sound studio , universal city , california ; personnel songwriting -- rico love , salaam remi , terry lewis , usher raymond iv production -- salaam remi co-producer -- rico love mixing -- manny marroquin mixing assistants -- chris galland , delbert bowers recording -- gleyder '' gee '' disla , mark '' exit '' goodchild recording assistants -- alex fremin , jacob dennis , max unruh , ramon rivas bass , keyboards , guitar , drums -- salaam remi saxophone -- vincent henry strings -- czech film orchestra credits adapted from the liner notes of looking 4 myself , rca records .
41	early years : 1964 -- 1965 formed in the summer of 1964 by amateur avant-garde musician george hunter and music major richard olsen , the earliest lineup of the charlatans featured george hunter ( autoharp , vocals ) , olsen ( bass , vocals ) , mike wilhelm ( lead guitar , vocals ) , mike ferguson ( piano / keyboards , vocals ) , and sam linde ( drums ) .
24	personnel melissa etheridge - vocals , 12 string guitar bono - harmonica bernie larsen - electric guitar mauricio-fritz lewak - drums kevin mccormick - bass scott thurston - keyboard waddy wachtel - guitar note : richard wachtel is credited for guitar , on allmusic , but this is a known error , and he is not credited on discogs .
8	the only section of the song to feature bass is the bridge , opposing the rest of the song .
10	the greatest of faure 's french heirs were the lyric bass pol plançon ( 1851-1914 ) -- who modelled his vocal method directly on that of faure -- and jean lassalle ( 1847-1909 ) , who succeeded faure as principal baritone at the paris opera .
25	as ancient greek theater recitations were partly melodic , the role of the tritagonist would typically go to a performer with a voice in the bass range ( as compared to the protagonist as tenor and the deuteragonist as baritone ) .
2	members -- bass , vocals , keyboards , guitar -- guitar , vocals -- guitar , vocals -- drums , main lyricist discography studio albums happy end ( february 25 , 1973 ) live albums the happy end ( recorded 6/15/1985 , released september 5 , 1985 ) happy end greeeatest live !
3	george duvivier -- bass art taylor -- drums january 13 , 1955 , side a track 5 and side b tracks 1-5 .
69	line-up the chords featured carl ( lead ) and claude feaster ( baritone ) ( born september 23 , 1933 - november 1975 ) , jimmy keyes ( first tenor ) ( born may 22 , 1930 , the bronx , new york - july 22 , 1995 , new york ) , floyd '' buddy '' mcrae ( second tenor ) and william '' ricky '' edwards ( bass ) - formed in 1951 in the bronx , new york , but were not discovered until three years later , when they were spotted singing in a subway station , a performance that ultimately landed them a recording contract with atlantic records ' cat records label .
17	she was a member of the bands dara kusumah and diskonit while a youth , playing the bass .
5	his concert work included the bass lead in bach 's st. matthew passion in 1940 , and in british works by composers from henry purcell to hubert parry .
13	michele benedetti ( 17 october 1778 -- after 1828 ) was an italian bass particularly associated with rossini roles .
14	track listing musicians søren huss -- vocals , acoustic guitar jeppe langebek knudsen -- bass palle sørensen -- drums sebastian sandstrøm -- guitar jess jenson -- keyboards in other media the song '' fool 's corner '' was used on the soundtrack of the 2001 danish film en kort en lang .
31	track listing 7 '' single : polydor / fisc-23 ( fr ) 12 '' single members robert smith - vocals lol tolhurst - keyboards porl thompson - keyboards simon gallup - bass boris williams - drums rent party - brass section chart positions close to me · remix '' close to me · remix '' is the name given to the remix version of the '' close to me '' single , released in 1990 to promote the album mixed up .
21	december 1965 nick webster - guitar , later nick thomas-webster ( born 15 july 1951 ) , leeds tom fox - bass .
31	troja is an albania heavy metal band which consists of bujar berisha ( vocals ) , florent bajrami ( guitar ) , violand shabani ( drums ) and agron ejupi ( bass ) .
67	his pupils included metropolitan opera sopranos olive fremstad alice nielsen , and marie sundelius ; chicago grand opera company soprano myrna sharlow ; concert sopranos edith chapman goold and emma cecilia thursby ; broadway and concert tenor charles w. harrison ; french tenor edmond clément ; baritone and longtime head of the voice department at sarah lawrence college jerome swinford ; composer w. otto miessner ; and bass and former head of university of michigan music department william howland .
16	the work is scored for five vocal parts , two soprano , alto , tenor and bass , and an orchestra of three trumpets , timpani , corno da caccia , two flauti traversi , two oboes , two oboes d'amore , two bassoons , two violins , viola , and basso continuo .
11	bell is best known as a drummer , working extensively with bass marcus miller and as a sideman for other artists such as erykah badu , victor bailey , david bowie , stanley clarke , randy crawford , roberta flack , al jarreau , chaka khan , angelique kidjo , joe sample , david sanborn , john scofield , stanley turrentine , luther vandross , vanessa williams and victor wooten .
40	the follow-up , 1968 's three in a cell , included a version of '' on a clear day you can see forever '' , from the 1965 musical of the same name , which was later sampled for its bass and hammond organ riff .
13	personnel john lennon vocal , acoustic rhythm guitar paul mccartney harmony vocal , bass george harrison harmony vocal , lead guitar ringo starr drums , tambourine macdonald criticised the vocal performance and added these comments about the guitar : '' the guitar-work , some of which is badly out of tune , is similarly rough , the piercingly simplistic blues solo suggesting that the player was not harrison but lennon himself .
30	history stimmwerck was founded in munich , germany in 2001 , by four specialists in classical vocal ensemble singing ; the two tenors , gerhard hölzle and klaus wenk , bass singer marcus schmidl , and counter tenor franz vitzthum .
1	'' bass player bob anderson , who later played with howlin ' wolf , has been singled out for a noteworthy rendition of the classic root - 3rd-4th progression in the song '' help me '' .
10	her father , roberto scandiuzzi , is a prominent italian bass .
12	personnel shaun morgan -- lead vocals , rhythm guitar dale stewart -- bass , backing vocals john humphrey -- drums troy mclawhorn \* -- lead guitar brendan o'brien -- producer / mixer '' fur cue '' was recorded after troy left seether .
63	the founding members were tony duhig ( guitar ) ( born anthony christopher duhig , 18 september 1941 , acton , west london ; died 11 november 1990 , somerset , england ) , jon field ( flute , percussion , keyboards ) ( born john frederick field , 5 july 1940 , harrow , middlesex ) and glyn havard ( vocals , bass ) ( born 15 february 1947 , nantyglo , south wales ) .
13	the opera is in two acts and is scored for two baritone , bass , mezzo-soprano , four soprano , tenor , mixed chorus , children 's voices and chamber orchestra .
20	in 1997 they began to focus fully on the band , which had two new members : mikel lópez ( bass ) and aitor oreja ( guitar ) .
34	history formation and early years fei comodo formed in may 2003 with an original line-up consisting of marc halls ( vocals and guitar ) , will phillipson ( guitar ) , phil walker ( bass ) and richard duvale ( drums ) .
13	believe was the last album to feature steve '' fuzz '' kmak on bass , who was dismissed from the band in 2003 .
27	the original lineup for the band included prem panicker on the drums , grant umeda on the guitar and piano , sameer sharma on the guitar and bass , and jason park singing the lead vocals .
55	release history comprehensive charts credits and personnel production music and lyrics : garbage recorded & produced by garbage engineer : billy bush recorded at kung foo sound & grungeisdead , los angeles , ca mastered : emily lazar & sarah register ( the lodge ) mastering assistant : joe laporta additional musicians daniel shulman - bass other personnel art direction and design : tom hington studios .
24	( pentangle drummer terry cox added drums on the october 8 sessions ) personnel barry gibb - lead vocal , guitar maurice gibb - bass , piano , organ , guitar , backing vocal terry cox - drums chart performance cover versions in the early 1970s , spanish band los mustang did a cover version called '' aio , aio ( que se mueran los feos ) '' .
26	funk rock employs more of a lighter , '' crunchier '' distorted guitar sound , and the musical emphasis tends to be more beat-driven with prominent bass lines ; more rhythmic in the r&b sense .
15	byrd had three brothers , oscar , jack , and joe , who was a bass player .
11	personnel shaun morgan -- lead vocals , guitar dale stewart -- bass , backing vocals john humphrey -- drums troy mclawhorn - guitar ( on tracks 13 & 14 ) album information the band updated both their official web page and myspace on 23 august 2007 , with the new single , '' fake it '' , being uploaded to both .
16	the original lineup consisted of scott benzel ( vocals ) , stuart kupers ( guitar and bass ) , and mike fisher ( keyboards ) , with brad kemp ( drums ) added shortly thereafter .
34	track listing all tracks composed by lee ritenour ; except where indicated personnel lee ritenour -- synthesizer , electric guitar , vocals , classical guitar bill dickinson , louis johnson , chuck rainey -- bass chuck findley -- trumpet dave green , ian underwood -- synthesizer ed greene , harvey mason , sr. .
9	scratches are provided by omega one , guitar and bass by damien paris of brooklyn - based band the giraffes and violin by baby dayliner .
21	the founding members were jerry garcia on guitar and vocals , bob weir on guitar and vocals , phil lesh on bass and vocals , bill kreutzmann on drums , and ron '' pigpen '' mckernan on organ , harmonica , percussion , and vocals .
16	paul mccartney plays the piano with paper intertwined between the strings , but does not contribute bass to the song .
15	simon dower ( vocals ) , jason black ( guitar ) , derek ackary ( bass ) and michael colton ( drums ) comprised the rest of the group .
15	personnel atheist kelly shaefer -- vocals , guitar rand burkey -- guitar roger patterson -- bass steve flynn -- drums production scott burns -- production atheist -- production borivoj krgin -- executive production scott burns -- engineering mike fuller -- mastering ed repka -- cover art recorded at morrisound recording .
17	personnel john lennon double tracked lead vocal , lead / rhythm guitar paul mccartney harmony vocal , bass george harrison harmony vocal , lead/rhythm guitar ringo starr drums cover versions in 1965 , the ventures included a cover of the song on their lp knock me out .
3	he currently plays bass and guitar in the scottish indie pop band belle & sebastian , after joining in 2001 to replace departing bassist stuart david , and had previously been in v-twin .
59	'' track listing ; side one ; side two personnel the doobie brothers tom johnston -- guitar , lead vocals on '' turn it loose '' and vocal on '' wheels of fortune '' patrick simmons -- guitar , vocals jeff '' skunk '' baxter -- guitar , steel guitar michael mcdonald -- keyboards , vocals tiran porter -- bass , vocals , lead vocal on '' for someone special '' john hartman -- drums keith knudsen -- drums , vocals johnston rejoined the band late in the sessions and thus does not appear on most of the album .
2	kazu -- bass -- kazu 's past bands include research , in which he played under the name '' kazunori '' , and aioria .
8	the music is propelled by gary tallent 's bass .
25	personnel in the group for the live show included : wednesday 13 on vocals and guitar , jason trioxin on guitar , nate manor on bass , and jonny chops on drums .
14	the line-up was completed by benedikt grubauer ( guitar ) and patrick hauf ( bass ) .
11	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for solo alto and bass voices , a four-part choir , two flute , oboe d'amore , two violin , viola , bassoon , cello , and continuo .
0	bass on '' only happy when it rains '' was played by mike kashou , and additional percussion by pauli ryan .
8	in 1975 d'água married ramiro martins , the bass player of the band beatnicks .
43	roles tsar : alto tsarevna ( i.e. , his daughter elena ) : soprano ivanushka : mezzo-soprano 1st brother of ivan : soprano 2nd brother of ivan : mezzo-soprano father of ivan : alto mother of ivan : soprano horse : alto or bass courtier , skomorokh , gusli - players , wooden stumps : chorus synopsis tableau i. in a clearing in a forest , ivan has set his horse free .
18	jakob stämpfli ( 26 october 1934 in bern -- 28 september 2014 in thun ) was a swiss bass concert singer and an influential academic teacher and director of the conservatory in bern , also a teacher in saarbrücken .
13	live performances feature thom yorke singing and playing keyboards , colin greenwood playing bass and guitarists jonny greenwood and ed o'brien doing live manipulations of thom 's performance .
46	mark reizen mark osipovich reizen , also reisen or reyzen ( , born in zaitsevo village , ekaterinoslav province , russian empire ( now ukraine ) died november 25 , 1992 moscow , russia ) was a leading soviet opera singer with a beautiful and expansive bass voice .
35	the albums mellow tone and more layered sound is attributed to the inclusion of other musical instruments such as keys , piano , and strings , concurrent with their traditional rock-based setup of guitar , bass and drums .
48	track listing all tracks credited to roy harper limited edition bonus cd ( hucd030a ) promotional sampler cd ( hucd100 ) personnel roy harper acoustic guitar ( tuned down to c ) , vocals , tambourine and washboard ian anderson flute steve barnard drums and percussion noel barrett bass john fitzgerald keyboard , piano , hammond , trumpet , concertina and harp nick harper acoustic guitar , slide ( slide guitar ?
86	demographics the 2010 united states census reports the following demographics for mount joy borough : total population : 7,410 male : 3,624 female : 3,786 hispanic or latino : 549 white : 6,809 african american : 187 asian : 58 american indian and alaska native : 20 identified by two or more : 170 public services museums and historic sites and central hotel donegal mills plantation george brown 's sons cotton and woolen mill nissly swiss chocolate company notable people david salsbery fry , metropolitan opera bass .
49	band members ; current members -- lead vocals ( 1985 -- present ) , drums ( 1983 -- 1985 ) -- lead guitar , vocals , backing vocals , theremin ( 1983 -- present ) -- rhythm guitar , backing vocals , keyboards ( 1983 -- present ) -- bass ( 1983 -- present ) -- drums , percussion ( 1985 -- present ) although they use different surnames , toll and yutaka are brothers .
12	khan has also been noted for being an instrumentalist playing drums and bass , she also provided percussion during her tenure with rufus .
9	pascal benvenuti ( 1980 ) : french singer and bass , guitar , drums , ukulele , mandolin , and concertina player ; performs jazz punk and folk punk music ; current member of les louise mitchels and occasional member of anarcho-punk / folk punk band ghost mice ( 2002 present ) .
25	band history black guayaba is formed by gustavo gonzález ( vocalist ) , javier morales ( guitar ) , carlos '' toro '' ortiz ( bass ) , carlos colón ( keyboards ) , and gabriel calero ( drums ) .
32	track listing personnel ; august burns red jake luhrs - lead vocals jb brubaker - lead guitar , guzheng on '' creative captivity '' brent rambler - rhythm guitar dustin davidson - bass , vocals matt greiner - drums ; additional musicians taylor brandt - violin on '' treatment , '' '' spirit breaker , '' '' creative captivity , '' and '' echoes '' grant mcfarland - cello on all tracks except '' sincerity '' and '' animals '' christopher lewis - trumpet on '' creative captivity '' adam gray - additional drums on '' echoes '' zach veilleux - piano on '' provision , '' '' treatment , '' and '' beauty in tragedy .
3	members kathy bull bass norma o'malley keyboards , flute lesley paris drum denise roughan guitar kath webster guitar careers after look blue go purple after the band split up , bull went on to cyclops , and has since recorded a solo album , some from the sky , under her new name francisca griffin .
22	ransom knowling ( 24 june 1912 22 october 1967 ) was an american rhythm and blues musician , best known for playing bass on many blues recordings made in chicago between the 1930s and 1950s , including those of arthur crudup and little brother montgomery .
10	personnel george kooymans - guitar , vocals rinus gerritsen - bass , keyboards barry hay - flute , vocals cesar zuiderwijk - drums eelco gelling - guitar bertus borgers - saxophone robert jan stips - keyboard production producer : golden earring executive producer : fred haayen engineer : andy knight , john kriek , jan schuurman mixing : andy knight , john kriek arranger : golden earring string arrangements : robert jan stips art direction : george osaki concept : barry hay photography : paul gerritsma , graham hughes charts album - billboard ( north america ) trivia kill me ( ce soir ) was covered by iron maiden as a b side on their 1990 single '' holy smoke '' on the dutch pressing , mca-2139 , that was marketed in europe , the side 2 label has the song lists double printed .
31	track listing credits band members aleksi sihvonen − lead vocals kristian ranta − guitar , clean vocals daniel freyberg − guitar , backing vocals heikki saari − drums jukka koskinen − bass , backing vocals tuomas planman − keyboards , programming production recorded and produced by anssi kippo at astia studios .
8	escm also features transeau adding live guitar , bass and drums to songs , as well as the use of a strings ensemble .
21	band members ; last line-up keith emerson - keyboards ( 1988 1989 ) robert berry - lead vocals , guitar , bass ( 1988 1989 ) carl palmer - drums , percussion ( 1988 1989 ) live members paul keller -- guitars ( 1988 1989 ) jennifer steele -- backing vocals ( 1988 1989 ) discography studio albums single bootlegs 1988 : live in the city 1998 : howdown in ritz !
31	track listing personnel the pharmaceutical bandits matt embree - vocals , guitar rich balling - trombone , vocals noah gaffney - tenor sax , alto sax , vocals franz worth - bass chris tsagakis - drums additional personnel neil burdick - alto sax , vocals chris colonnier - trombone , keyboard , vocals diana smallwood bond - vocals randy briggs aka '' jaime the robot '' - sax one ball jay - gang vocals pickle - gang vocals jackie ojeda - gang vocals sonny johnston - gang vocals chris rush - gang vocals aka caroline smallwood aka carolyn smallwood - producer - engineer rich vollaire - graphic layout artwork - chris tsagakis additional notes '' i do n't care '' - although noted on the album as being three minutes long - instead runs four minutes , thirty seconds .
29	sampling the song samples lyrics from the song ruby tuesday through the lyrics '' goodbye ruby tuesday , come home you silly cow '' , it also uses the bass riff from satisfaction .
21	anna is primarily a pianist and vocalist , but most of her recordings feature a full band , including guitar , bass , drums , and often her original string quartet arrangements .
16	origin myths combines beatbox drums ( oral percussion ) with layers of guitar , mbira , bass , verse , and rhyme , which means that he is often described as a '' one man band '' .
30	rolling stones version mick jagger - lead vocals , tambourine keith richards - rhythm acoustic guitar , backing vocals brian jones - harpsichord , lead acoustic guitar bill wyman - bass it 's also on the 1972 compilation more hot rocks ( big hits & fazed cookies ) .
6	stephen milling is a danish opera bass who has had an active international career since the mid-1990s .
93	track listing digital download credits and personnel ; recording recorded at superspy studios , los angeles , california ; resonate studios in burbank , california ; the jungle room , glendale , california ; and safe house studios , greensboro , north carolina ; personnel songwriting -- isaac haason , lindy robbins , mher filian production -- superspy lead vocals -- demi lovato , lindy robbins programming -- isaac hasson , mher filian engineering -- superspy , simon sampath-kumar , dorian crozier , jason coons mixing -- chris lord-alge drums -- dorian crozier bass -- kenny johnson guitars and synths -- isaac hasson keys -- mher filian credits are adapted from the here we go again liner notes .
31	career early career ( 2007 2009 ) mona , consisting of nick brown ( lead vocals , guitar ) , vince gard ( drums , percussion ) , zach lindsey ( bass , backing vocals ) and jordan young ( guitar , backing vocals ) , originated from dayton , ohio and bowling green , kentucky respectively , though they are now based in nashville , tennessee .
28	movements '' tarkus '' itself is broken down into seven parts : personnel keith emerson : moog modular synthesizer , hammond organ and grand piano greg lake : bass , electric guitar , acoustic guitar and vocals carl palmer : drums and percussion tarkus story a visual representation of the story , as seen on the inner gatefold of the lp the parts supposedly follow tarkus ' birth in a volcanic eruption centuries before known history .
17	one of the possible solutions was kostis pirenis , a guitar player who could also play the bass but when they met to rehearse , the three members realized that kostis pirenis was a very skilled guitar player , so he developed into the band 's lead guitarist .
25	history the original members were michael '' popeye '' vogelsang ( vocals , guitar ) , robert haworth ( guitar ) , josh stanton ( bass ) and robert beshear ( drums ) .
19	in 1993 , malone reunited with snl veterans paul shaffer ( keyboards ) , and will lee , ( bass ) , in the cbs orchestra .
13	career in the music industry saban started his career in 1966 as a bass player and manager with the rock band the lions of judah ( ha'arayot ) .
29	by 1997 , he had recruited permanent members ; this line-up , which consisted of townsend on vocals and guitar , jed simon on guitar , byron stroud on bass , and gene hoglan on drums , lasted until the band 's dissolution .
17	it is also used for the lowest notes of the horn , and for the baritone and bass voices .
9	track listing personnel lemmy ( ian kilmister ) -- bass , lead vocals larry wallis -- guitar , backing vocals , lead vocals ( '' vibrator '' , '' fools '' ) phil '' philthy animal '' taylor -- drums lucas fox -- drums on '' lost johnny '' release history 1979 -- uk vinyl -- united artists rockfile , lbr1004 -- single white sleeve with george bodnar black-and-white photographs of lemmy on front and back 1981 -- uk vinyl -- liberty , ln66125 -- black-and-white photograph of lemmy , wallis and fox in the studio .
6	players can choose between guitar , bass , keyboard , and drums , which each have their own unique play style .
31	fats navarro -- trumpet ( tracks 1-4 , 7-10 ) sonny rollins -- tenor sax ( tracks 1-4 , 7-10 ) bud powell -- piano ( all ) tommy potter -- bass ( all ) roy haynes -- drums ( all ) may 1 , 1951 session : tracks 12-20 .
23	the band 's line-up , unchanged until their breakup , consisted of bradley nowell ( vocals and guitar ) , eric wilson ( bass ) and bud gaugh ( drums ) .
26	it is the only material made for commercial release to include more than two official members of local h , as it includes matt garcia on bass .
4	with christian mcbride ( bass ) and jack dejohnette ( drums ) .
10	in live performances , taylor frequently switches between playing the bass , clarinet , flute , saxophone and sometimes the accordion .
4	personnel brendan kelly -- bass , vocals dan hanaway -- guitar , vocals chris mccaughan -- guitar , vocals rob depaola -- drums trivia the title broken van appears nowhere on the album 's original packaging , but is given on asian man records catalogs , labels on later copies of the same edition , and the new cover art of recent editions .
51	track listing singles '' everywhere '' -- july 24 , 2001 '' all you wanted '' -- january 22 , 2002 '' goodbye to you '' -- august 20 , 2002 personnel michelle branch -- guitar , keyboards , vocals kenny aronoff -- drum vinnie colaiuta -- drums john shanks -- bass , guitar , keyboards patrick warren -- keyboards production producers : john shanks , jeremy welt engineers : marc desisto , lars fox assistant engineers : steve kaplan , tom nellen , chris reynolds , jason schweitzer mixing : marc desisto , chris lord-alge , dave way mastering : stephen marcussen pro-tools : lars fox programming : lars fox , john shanks production coordination : shari sutcliffe art direction : kim biggs , david harlan photography : matthew welch charts commercial performance the spirit room debuted at number 28 with 68,000 copies sold on 200 .
35	track list personnel stewart brown guitar , vocals b.j . cole dobro , guitar , pedal steel , cello , steel guitar mick grabham organ , guitar , piano , keyboards , vocals rick wills bass , vocals john '' sly '' wilson percussion , drums , vocals hipgnosis photography , cover design john stewart engineer hugh fielder liner notes reception richie unterberger of allmusic wrote that cochise '' treads an uneasy line between eclectic diversity and a lack of direction '' and is '' distinguished just slightly by a more country-ish flavor than the norm ( early 1970s british rock ) , courtesy of cole 's pedal steel '' .
16	the song opens with a single guitar repeatedly playing a simple four note riff before the bass , rhythm guitar , drums and lyrics begin .
65	scoring and structure the piece is scored for oboe d'amore , two oboe , two flauto traverso , timpani , three trombe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo ( including fagotto ) , along with four vocal soloists ( soprano as zeit ( time ) , alto as glück ( good fortune ) , tenor as elster ( river elster ) , bass as schicksal ( fate ) ) and four-part choir .
9	members vocal : tomoaki taka guitar : takumi abe bass : hiroyuki tanaka keyboard : shunji inoe drums : masato wada ( withdrew from the band in 1985 ) , shigeji tamura ( joined the band after wada 's departure ) anime theme songs - opening theme of psycho armor govarian .
36	sandoval and mercer then went on to form the shins as a side project , intending to play as a duo , but were eventually joined again by marty crandall on keyboard and dave hernandez on bass .
26	western front was an american band formed in 1985 in portland , oregon that consisted of fred cole on vocals and guitar , kevin conner on bass , and jeff evans on drum .
28	the band lineup seen most often in their shows consisted of shane tierney ( vocalist ) , mike otero ( guitar ) , along with chris gardiner ( bass ) , and danny rivera ( drums ) .
21	line-up last known membership davorin popović , singer slobodan a. kovačević , guitar sinan alimanović , keyboard organ fadil redžić , bass ranko rihtman , piano , keyboard instrument đorđe kisić , percussions following the band 's inception , various rotatings of drummers and keyboardists were made .
52	the original version of the band broke up after college , with original members elliot lurie and larry gonsky recruiting two new members to form the classic looking glass lineup : elliot lurie ( lead guitar and vocals ) jeff grob ( drums ) larry gonsky ( piano ) pieter sweval ( bass ) the group had the #1 hit single for the week of august 26 , 1972 with '' brandy ( you 're a fine girl ) '' , written by lurie ; and also a minor hit '' jimmy loves mary-anne '' ( 1973 ) , subsequently covered by josie cotton .
18	jesse james wood ( born 30 october 1976 , malibu ) is a london - based guitarist / bass player who plays with the band reef .
9	up to four local players can play lead and bass guitar , drums , or vocals across the songs in the game using specially designed rock band or guitar hero controllers .
23	members sawao yamanaka ( 山中さわお ) -- vocals , guitar ( the pillows ) yoshihito '' jiro '' wayama ( ジロウ ) -- bass ( glay ) hirotaka takahashi ( 高橋宏貴 ) -- drums ( ellegarden , scars borough ) former members shinpei nakayama ( ナカヤマシンペイ ) -- drums ( straightener ) discography hunting !
12	personnel stewart copeland -- drums simon clark -- hammond , cmi , bass tony levin -- funk fingers jerry marotta -- funk fingers david rhodes -- guitar daniel lanois -- surf guitar peter gabriel -- vocals , cmi , synthesizer , prophet , linn p. p. arnold -- backing vocals coral gordon -- backing vocals dee lewis -- backing vocals wayne jackson -- trumpet , cornet mark rivera -- alto , tenor and baritone saxophone don mikkelsen -- trombone music video gabriel , successful after his smash hit '' sledgehammer '' , used the similarly up-tempo '' big time '' to create another visually stunning video .
20	personnel joel o'keeffe - lead vocals , lead guitar david roads - rhythm guitar , backing vocals justin street - bass , backing vocals ryan o'keeffe - drums engineer : dave schiffman charts sales certifications release history in popular culture the song '' runnin ' wild '' is featured in the ea sports video game madden nfl 08 along with nascar 09 and nhl 09 .
32	one of the better up and coming bands in seattle ... '' membership includes grant burton ( guitar , lead vocals ) , brian papenfuss ( drums ) , matt ralston ( bass ) , brian pake ( guitar , backing vocals ) , and brian mura ( piano ) .
16	the band has consisted of aaron cometbus ( drums , lyrics ) , bill schneider ( bass ) , billie joe armstrong ( guitar , vocals ) and jason white ( guitar , vocals ) for the majority of its existence .
22	track listing personnel topon das -- guitar mathieu vilandré -- drums , guitar mel mongeon -- vocals , artwork marc bourgon -- bass , vocals additional dave sarazin -- drum recording craig boychuk -- mixing alan douches -- mastering johnny ibay -- guest guitar solo ( '' unnamed '' ) matt connell -- guest vocals ( '' doghead '' ) recording the drums were recorded on november 15 , 2009 , at raven street studios by dave sarazin , while the band recorded the rest at super pro studio in gatineau between november 16 and 28 .
21	the band consists of alan andrews jr on vocals and guitar , bill threlkeld iii on guitar , mark hawkins on bass , joshua taylor on drums .
27	the original lineup consisted of : steen jørgensen ( vocals ) , peter schneidermann ( guitar ; better known as peter peter ) , knud odde ( bass ) and tomas ortved ( drums ) .
17	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for three vocal soloists ( soprano , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , four trombone , oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo ( fagotto and organo are explicitly indicated ) .
3	josé vera : bass .
18	personnel jon bon jovi lead vocals , guitar richie sambora guitar , backing vocals , talkbox hugh mcdonald bass , backing vocals tico torres drums david bryan keyboards , backing vocals tour dates box office score data from the 19 shows reported from billboard , the one wild night tour grossed a total of $ 17,143,241 with a total attendance of 391,321 .
16	scoring and structure the cantata is festively scored for soprano , alto , tenor , and bass , a four-part choir , two horn , timpani , three oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
21	instrumentation several bebop musicians headlining on 52nd street , may 1948 the classic bebop combo consisted of saxophone , trumpet , bass , drums , and piano .
17	tracklist personnel gary clark , jr. - lead and backing vocals , lead and rhythm guitar , bass , drums , programming , trumpet , percussion , congas zapata !
35	choral and vocal forces the choral and vocal forces consist of two satb choirs , a children 's choir , and eight soloists : three soprano , two alto , tenor , baritone , and bass .
3	the song features bass and electric guitar , synthesizer , piano as well drums .
5	ii ) rex brown -- bass ( pt .
20	members - vocals , guitar birthdate : april 20 , 1986 - drums birthdate : november 20 , 1986 - bass birthdate : may 27 , 1986 nickname : biography the band first formed when all three members were attending the same music college .
7	bud powell -- piano ray brown -- bass buddy rich -- drums february 1951 , new york , tracks 5 -- 12 .
36	members kaarle viikate ( kalle virtanen ) -- vocals , guitar simeoni viikate ( simo kairistola ) -- drums arvo viikate ( ari taiminen ) -- guitar , vocals ervo viikate ( erkka koskinen ) -- bass , vocals discography albums noutajan valssi ( transl .
31	nena nena kerner -- main vocals , arrangement jörn-uwe fahrenkrog-petersen -- keyboard , backing vocals , lead vocals on track 3 carlo karges -- guitar , backing vocals jürgen dehmel -- bass rolf brendel -- drum , percussion '' ? ( fragezeichen ) '' and '' lass mich dein pirat sein '' david sanborn -- saxophone ollie cotton -- engineering stanley wallace -- engineering technical personnel imre sereg -- engineering ( on all tracks , except '' ?
21	members ( in 2014 ) yermen anti erzhanov - vocals , guitar , author of music and lyrics alexey gatilov - bass oleg gorbenko - guitar artyom ossipov - drums lyrics adaptatsiya is russian language band , but some songs are in kazakh .
63	personnel tonny tun tun , wisin & yandel , héctor el father , zion , daddy yankee -- lead vocals tonny tun tun and wisin -- back vocals gabriel cruz -- lyrics and composer francisco saldaña , victor cabrera , marco masis , aaron pena , anthony cotto -- production francisco saldaña -- flute victor cabrera -- accordion marco masis -- guitar and bass ( only video version ) aaron pena and anthony cotto -- electric keyboard lyrics noche de entierro is a love song , who talks about a man who does n't want to be with his girlfriend anymore , because she apparently prefers to be in love with another man .
26	over the next few months , kevin clark ( formerly of sintury ) joined the band as a secondary guitarist , and mike majewski joined on bass .
35	lp version side a : side b : cd version personnel ; band members bertrand sébenne -- drums jérôme alban -- guitar pierre anouilh -- guitar julien perez -- vocals , keyboards johan sébenne -- bass ; other personnel cyrille gachet -- engineering , mixing and mastering emmanuel romani -- live lights greg vezon -- album art and photographies richard schouten -- design and layout recording the performance was recorded live at the 13th roadburn festival , april 19 , 2008 at 013 ( the batcave ) , tilburg , the netherlands .
30	'' personnel musicians performing together in the whiskey rebellion include : mary simpson -- violin / vocals jared pool -- mandolin / vocals roy myers -- banjo tim deibler -- bass ryan phillips -- guitar distinctions , honors , and awards the whiskey rebellion music video , the ballad of chester copperpot , took the 2010 gold level oregon film awards : oregon film competition at the .
39	through his tumblr , kid cudi also unveiled the production credits for '' no one believes me '' and revealed that he was on guitar and accompanied dot da genius on drums , while dot da genius solely handled bass and piano .
56	personnel dan fogelberg - organ , guitar , piano , keyboard , vocals , 12 string guitar , slide guitar kenneth a. buttrey - drums david campbell - orchestral arrangements don henley - vocals , harmony vocals russ kunkel - conga , drums joe lala - percussion , conga frank marocco - accordion norbert putnam - bass j.d . souther - vocals , harmony vocals john stronach - percussion , maraca , tambourine al perkins - pedal steel , dobro joe walsh - guitar , electric guitar tim weisberg - flute production produced by : dan fogelberg and norbert putnam mix down engineer : marty lewis assistant engineers : jeff guercio , mark guercio , john henning , marty lewis , bruce hensal , gary landinsky .
14	music career early years wes sharon began his career in oklahoma and texas playing bass in alternative rock and punk bands .
47	track listing personnel songwriting -- danny o'donoghue , mark sheehan , steve kipner , andrew frampton production -- mark sheehan , danny o'donoghue , andrew frampton , steve kipner drums , guitar , keyboards and vocals -- the script guitars , keyboards and programming -- andrew frampton bass -- ben sargeant charts and certification on 18 april 2011 , '' if you ever come back '' debuted on the australian aria singles chart at number fifty-four .
13	personnel musicians dweezil zappa -- guitar , keyboards , vocals scott thunes -- bass bobby blotzer -- drums on 5 .
28	johann ignaz ludwig fischer ( c. 18 august 1745 -- 10 july 1825 ) , commonly called ludwig fischer , was a german opera singer , a notable bass of his time .
8	he would later learn to play drums , bass , and piano as well .
6	his brief stint with the eccentric bass player made a deep impression .
11	track listing personnel serge chaloff -- baritone saxophone everett evans -- bass boots mussulli -- alto saxophone herb pomeroy -- trumpet ray santisi -- piano jimmy zitano -- drums release history boston blow-up !
43	but in his jazzy arrangements , naranjo did n't use the typical ` minor ' percussion salsa instruments , like güiro , maraca and claves , and worked with a classic jazz drum set , conga , bongos , timbales , piano and bass in front of trumpet , trombone and saxophone , like old big band ensembles , not at all common in salsa bands .
11	the music is set for soprano , alto , tenor and bass ( satb ) ; all four parts are sometimes divided ; measures 12 to 14 call for a solo soprano .
8	credits ; band willy quiroga - vocals , bass and electric piano on '' no dejaré que viva en mí '' .
6	mortiis began his musical career playing bass for the black metal act emperor .
65	cover versions lion 's share on legends of metal : a tribute to judas priest ( 1996 ) lörihen on acero argentino : tributo a judas priest ' ; ( 2005 ) vision divine on their own 9 degrees west of the moon ( 2009 ) personnel rob halford -- vocals glenn tipton -- lead guitar k.k . downing -- rhythm guitar ian hill -- bass scott travis -- drums with : don airey -- synthesizer music video a music video was made for the song , vividly depicting each element of the song 's lyrics .
15	the word benga is occasionally used to refer to any kind of pop music : bass , guitar and percussion are the usual instruments .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , trumpet , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
38	members brooks paschal - lead vocals ( also currently in the afterlife kids and surprises ) phil chamberlain - drums ( ex - this runs through , also currently in to speak of wolves ) zach harward - bass tyson shipman - guitar ( ex - this runs through , also currently in the afterlife kids ) jeremy stanton - guitar ( also currently in the afterlife kids ) ; former mike lawrence - drums discography count the time in quarter tones ( ep , forsaken recordings , 2003 .
24	personnel bob dylan - guitar , harmonica , keyboards , vocals pete drake - pedal steel guitar charlie daniels - guitar charlie mccoy - bass kenneth a. buttrey - drums bob wilson - organ , piano charlie bragg - engineer neil wilburn - engineer covers the byrds ' version the byrds ' recording of '' lay lady lay '' was released as a single on may 2 , 1969 and reached # 132 on the billboard chart but failed to break into the uk singles chart .
8	the song is named in tribute to the bass player paul chambers who had accompanied coltrane for years .
18	track listing personnel ; the amity affliction joel birch -- unclean vocals ahren stringer -- clean vocals , bass troy brady -- lead guitar chris burt -- rhythm guitar trad nathan -- keyboard ryan burt -- drums , percussion trivia '' poison pen letters '' was re-recorded for this album , with the original being featured on the demo compilation state of affairs - a collection of songs by hardcore bands from the five mainland states of australia .
16	members dan black - vocals , rhythm guitar chris burrows - lead guitar matt fisher - bass trevor sharpe - drums dan black dan black was the lead singer for the band ; he also played guitar and wrote many of the band 's songs .
37	disc one : stray cats disc two : girls singing night personnel ani difranco -- guitar , vocals ravi best -- trumpet shane endsley -- trumpet daren hahn -- drums todd horton -- trumpet jason mercer -- bass hans teuber -- clarinet , flute , saxophone , vocals , background vocals julie wolf -- keyboards , vocals production producer -- ani difranco engineering supervisor -- larry berger , andrew gilchrist engineer -- andrew gilchrist assistant engineer -- andrew gilchrist mixing -- ani difranco mastering -- greg calbi recording supervision -- larry berger art direction -- ani difranco design -- ani difranco illustrations -- ani difranco photography -- susan alzner , larry berger , scott fisher , eric frick , heidi kunkel , jason mercer , julie wolf .
32	this song features a piano melody by brown eyed soul 's sung hoon , and serengeti ` s jung soo wan and yoo jung kyun also participated by playing the guitar and bass .
28	his next composition , ecuatorial , was completed in 1934 , and contained parts for two fingerboard theremin cellos , along with winds , percussion , and a bass singer .
18	each color-coded track corresponds to a different aspect of the song , such as percussion , synth , bass , or vocals , and contains a sequence of notes .
10	track listing personnel paul croan -- producer gavin clark -- bass , keyboards , programming kevan whitley -- guitar , keyboards , programming dan bartley -- album artwork trivia most of the song titles on the album are references/tributes to basketball , football , the simpsons , the american humourist maddox , and several movies , including seven , the matrix , and good morning , vietnam .
8	the band consists of jacob ( vocalist / bass ) , anne ( vocalist ) , simon ( guitar ) and emil ( drum ) .
16	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for a chamber ensemble of alto , tenor and bass soloists , a four-part choir , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
15	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for alto , tenor and bass soloist , a four-part choir ( only for the final chorale ) , horn , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
5	) was an italian opera bass active during the 1840s through the 1880s .
8	they now consist of 5 rapper , a bass player and a dj .
23	track listing personnel fernanda takai - lead vocals , rhythm guitar john ulhoa - lead guitar , vocals ; programming ricardo koctus - bass , vocals xande tamietti - drums lulu camargo - keyboards , piano special presentation manuela azevedo ( voice ) , the portuguese band clã , in '' boa noite brasil '' ( good evening brazil ) .
11	rubinson , who produced the song , included rhythm guitar , bass , drums and strings .
19	franco ventriglia ( october 20 , 1922 -- november 28 , 2012 ) was an opera singer who sang bass in every major european opera house during the 1950s , 60s , and 70s .
27	in the late 1990s , orford and jowitt left the band for a while and were replaced by mike torr ( keyboards ) and steve hunt ( bass ) , but they returned for 2000 's understand .
10	track listing personnel - lead vocals - guitar masaki - bass with katsuji - drums - vocals on '' galactic gale baxinger '' nov - vocals on '' ai o torimodose !
20	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is richly scored for three vocal soloists ( soprano , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , trumpet , two recorder , two oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
30	he was also a member of the '' chicago bears shufflin ' crew '' in the video '' the super bowl shuffle , '' which featured him pantomiming on the bass .
30	while still in high school in the late 1980s , he began creating instrumental synth-pop music at home under the name man on a stage , as well as playing bass live for a punk - influenced band named the advocates .
6	trace elliot is a united kingdom-based bass amplification manufacturer , and has a sub-brand , trace acoustic , for acoustic instrument .
16	track listing personnel performance sonny rollins -- tenor saxophone jim hall -- guitar bob cranshaw -- bass ben riley -- drums harry '' h.t. '' saunders -- drums ( replaces riley on '' god bless the child '' ) '' god bless the child '' recorded on january 30 , 1962 '' where are you ?
26	personnel studio version ringo starr - double-tracked vocals , drums john lennon - rickenbacker 325/12 rhythm guitar george harrison - double-tracked lead guitar paul mccartney - bass george martin - piano note : it is not known whether or not lennon played the 12-string rickenbacker 325 on the track .
8	robbie '' ' rob '' malone is the bass player for english musician david gray .
28	members max carpycheff -- t-sax , clarinet f. ( dot ) machine genius -- drums vanya zhuk -- vocals , electric guitar mitya '' pyatak '' khramtsoff -- bass , vocals , fiddle grig spiridonych -- trombone discography 2005 -- proschay korova !
25	added in update 1.2 are '' smart strings '' , a string section made of 1st and 2nd violins , viola , cello , and bass , capable of playing notes legato , staccato , and pizzicato .
22	other members included dag stiberg on tenor saxophone , behzad farazollahi on drum , anders møller on percussion and raymond jensen on bass .
17	; disc 2 -- bonus audio ; disc 3 -- dvd personnel paul mccartney -- vocals , bass , guitars , keyboards , piano linda mccartney -- keyboards , backing vocals denny laine -- vocals , guitars , keyboards jimmy mcculloch -- guitars , vocals joe english -- drums , percussion geoff britton -- drums additional personnel kenneth '' afro '' williams -- congas dave mason -- guitar tom scott -- saxophone allen toussaint -- piano charts chart positions year-end charts certifications and sales worldwide sales according to paul mccartney 's own website in excess of 10 million .
15	ernie isley , who had joined his brothers ' band as a drummer , played bass on a majority of their 1969-1970 recordings before switching over to electric guitar after he had been practicing the instrument for a while .
12	john dodington ( born 3 july 1945 ) is a canadian opera bass .
9	during 1965 , joe kelley was recruited to play bass , replacing pursell .
6	the alto , tenor , and bass voices sing free counterpoint , while the soprano sing the chorale unadorned in long notes .
3	les nemes - bass .
5	mark wildman is an english bass , professor and head of voice studies at the royal academy of music .
20	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two flauto traverso , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
15	with his friend 's help , goffeney developed his own technique , learning guitar and bass .
29	gustav emil devrient , 1861 gustav emil devrient ( 4 september 1803 , berlin -- 7 august 1872 , dresden ) was a german actor and an occasional operatic bass .
17	they were previously led by singer marc hunter , and are currently led by his brother , bass player todd hunter .
18	personnel iggy pop -- vocals ivan kral -- guitar , keyboards rob duprey -- guitar michael page -- bass douglas bowne -- drum jimmy whizner -- arrangements cover versions david bowie recorded a version of the song in 1987 for his never let me down album .
15	his father , alexander filipovich vedernikov ( ведерников , александр филиппович ) , was a bass at the bolshoi theatre , and his mother was a professor of organ at the moscow conservatory .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , bass ) , a four-part choir , trumpet , flauto traverso , oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
29	production credits producer : tony visconti musician : david bowie : vocals , arp tape horn and brass , synthetic strings carlos alomar : rhythm guitar george murray : bass dennis davis : drum roy young : piano cover versions st-37 - only bowie ( 1995 ) sources greatorex , johnathan .
10	this is eventually joined by intermittent electric guitar chords and bass .
31	scoring and structure flauto piccolo ( bottom ) , shown in comparison to other recorders the cantata in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , trumpet , flauto piccolo ( descant recorder in d ) , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and continuo .
23	douglas farthing hatlelid ( born august 27 , 1942 ) , better known as chip douglas , is a songwriter , musician ( bass , guitar and keyboards ) , and record producer , whose most famous work was during the 1960s .
48	'' track listing all lyrics written by kellin quinn and jesse lawson , all music composed by sleeping with sirens personnel ; members kellin quinn - lead vocals , keyboards jesse lawson - rhythm guitar , backing vocals jack fowler - lead guitar , programming justin hills - bass gabe barham - drums , percussion ; guest musicians machine gun kelly - guest vocals on '' alone '' .
10	personnel phil ehart - percussion , drums dave hope - bass kerry livgren - guitar , keyboard robby steinhardt - violin , backing vocals , lead vocals on '' bringing it back '' and '' down the road .
9	holmes ' career came into its own though as bass - player with the late-1980s welsh language punk group fflaps , who released two lps for the liverpool probe plus label and a third for the central slate label , in addition to touring europe extensively between 1988 and 1992 .
17	musical style industrial rock artists generally employ the basic rock instrumentation of electric guitars , drums and bass and pair it with white noise blasts and electronic music gear ( synthesizer , sequencers , samplers and drum machine ) .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , corno , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
23	ylönen initiated the project of the rasmus ( then called just '' rasmus '' ) in 1994 , along with eero heinonen ( bass ) pauli rantasalmi ( guitar ) , and jarno lahti ( drums ) , with lahti subsequently being replaced by heiskanan .
14	in music , satb is an initialism for soprano , alto , tenor , bass , defining the voices required by a chorus or choir to perform a particular musical work .
25	as of 2006 the band 's line-up is : kira leyden lead vocals , guitar , keys jeff andrea lead guitar , vocals marco hilj bass eric ortopan drum on the band 's myspace page , they cite the kinks , no doubt , pearl jam , the pretenders , queen and u2 as their influences .
2	besides playing bass and keyboards and composing music , he also works as a producer , previously for the matina label and currently for under code production .
48	members giuliano sangiorgi ( nardò , le , january 24 , 1979 ) ( vocals , guitar and piano ) emanuele spedicato ( nardò , le , october 26 , 1980 ) ( guitar ) ermanno carlà ( veglie , le , february 17 , 1977 ) ( bass ) danilo tasco ( gagliano del capo , le , march 26 , 1979 ) ( drums ) andrea '' andro .
31	track listing personnel jens kidman -- lead vocals fredrik thordendal -- lead guitar mårten hagström -- rhythm guitar , lead guitar on '' electric red '' and '' pravus '' , bass tomas haake -- drums , vocals on '' dancers to a discordant system '' , artwork concept meshuggah -- production chart positions obzen debuted at number 59 in the united states , with first week sales of 11,384 copies .
12	明希 ( aki ) date of birth : 3 february part : bass , backing vocals place of birth : tokyo aki is a fan of b'z , luna sea , oasis , nakamori akina , l'arc~en~ciel , hyde , and gackt .
17	track listing credits syu -- lead / rhythm guitar / backing vocals yama-b -- vocals tsui -- bass / backing vocals yuhki -- keyboard / backing vocals junichi satoh -- drums chart performance the album reached number 86 on the oricon album charts .
10	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for tenor and bass soloists , a four-part choir , two oboes d'amore , taille ( tenor oboe ) , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
7	the group consisted of kurt magnuson on bass , dave nordin on synthesizer , jean psmith on vocals , and jay rosen on drums and vocals .
22	personnel david gilmour - electric guitar , lead vocals richard wright - piano , farfisa organ , backing vocals roger waters - bass nick mason - drums cover the song was covered by psychedelic / grunge band love battery on their album between the eyes , and replicants on their eponymous debut album .
34	in 1979 , the singer vlado hristov - krle ( vocals ) formed a new structure of fol jazik , with vladimir petrovski - karter ( guitar ) , branko spasovski - puma ( bass ) and spend ibraimi - spend ( drums ) .
14	norman walker ( 24 november 1907 -- 5 november 1963 ) was an english bass singer , distinguished for his work in both opera and oratorio .
40	band members camila grey ( lead vocals , guitar , keyboard ) , former member of the lo-fi rock band mellowdrone , had not released any solo material prior to joining uh huh her ; however , she had played bass and keyboards for a variety of artists , such as dr. dre , melissa auf der maur , busta rhymes , and kelly osbourne .
15	dan hay ( guitar ) joined ottawa band amos the transparent , alex newman ( bass ) moved to london , ontario to start his new band , the bad ideas .
12	baritone range : the vocal range of the baritone lies between the bass and tenor ranges , overlapping both of them .
11	as before , the player has a choice between guitar , bass , drums , and vocals on four different difficulties ( easy , normal , hard and expert ) .
36	the group 's career the feminine complex consisted of mindy dalton on guitar and vocals , judi griffith on tambourine and vocals , lana napier on drums , pame stephens on keyboards and jean williams on bass .
14	track listing personnel chris collingwood -- lead vocals , rhythm guitar adam schlesinger -- bass , keyboards , backing vocals jody porter -- lead guitar , backing vocals brian young -- drums quotes about the album all quotes from adam schlesinger .
24	hans herbert fiedler ( born november 10 , 1907 , triest , died february 14 , 2004 in munich ) was a german opera bass and actor .
14	on april 13 , 2009 , the band announced that aj drums and eric bass would be leaving the band in order to spend more time with their families and other responsibilities .
6	it was the first album without bass jason harris , who had been replaced by peter nice ( better known as '' nelson '' ) .
6	the members were lisa cook on bass , daryl stanislaw on drums , lyndon holmes on guitar and vocals , and ellyott on lead vocals and guitar ; ellyott was the main singer and song writer of israeli band pollyanaa frank , one of israel 's most important alternative bands .
39	discography mourning widows ( 1998 ) furnished souls for rent ( 2000 ) band members nuno bettencourt - guitars , vocals , producer , drums on 1st record ( credited as '' billy vegas '' ) donovan bettencourt - bass jeff consi - drums from the 1st record tour onwards till the end of the band .
8	they convinced kelly casper to join in on bass with matt playing guitar and singing .
20	harold simon '' harry '' miller ( 25 april 1941 - 16 december 1983 ) was a south africa jazz bass player , who settled in europe , becoming one of the uk jazz scene 's '' most vibrant and dynamic talents '' .
9	it was the band 's first album to include bass player aaron rubin , replacing former bassist byron stomatos .
9	michael pospíšil ( born 1962 ) is a classical bass , specialising in historically informed performance .
10	the band featured roberto carlos ' son donovan bettencourt on bass and new york drummer jeff consi .
33	the song begins with an intro featuring a lead guitar and keyboard melody , which plays twice , accompanied by a rhythm guitar riff alternating between a and d chords , drums and bass .
45	allende-blin 's version was staged at the berlin state opera on 5 october 1979 with jesús lópez-cobos conducting , the baritone jean-philippe lafont as roderick usher , the soprano colette lorand as lady madeline , the tenor barry mcdaniel as the doctor , and the bass walter grönroos as roderick 's friend .
1	personnel bass -- munja mitić drums -- šeki gayton rhythm ) -- sejo sexon guitar ( solo ) -- mujo snažni lead vocals -- dr. nele karajlić organ , keyboards -- seid mali karajlić saxophone , flute -- ogi gajić rerelease the album was re-released in 1999 by nimfa sound label from sarajevo .
19	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is festively scored for three soloists , soprano , alto and bass , a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , flauto traverso , two oboe , oboe d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
19	'' music the stabat mater is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , mezzo-soprano , tenor , and bass ) , mixed chorus , and an orchestra of 2 flute , 2 oboe , 2 clarinet , 2 bassoon , 4 horn , 2 trumpet , 3 trombone , timpani , and strings .
28	'' ernie '' farrow ( november 13 , 1928 in huntington , west virginia -- july 14 , 1969 ) was a jazz multi-instrumentalist who played piano , bass , and drums .
12	personnel john lennon vocal , acoustic rhythm guitar , tambourine paul mccartney bass george harrison lead guitar ringo starr drums releases the full version ( 2 : 09 ) was released in the us on the united artists soundtrack album a hard day 's night ual-3366 ( mono ) and uas-6366 ( rechannelled stereo ) .
6	i. am guitar -- josh lopez bass -- caleb speir piano and synths -- will .
36	the band is composed of frank pino , jr. ( lead vocals ) , dave pino ( lead guitar and vocals ) , tony monaco ( rhythm guitar ) , david '' jones '' illsley ( bass and vocals ) and darryl grant ( drums and vocals ) .
15	track listing personnel ; switchfoot jon foreman -- guitar , lead vocals tim foreman -- bass , backing vocals chad butler -- drums , percussion jerome fontamillas -- keyboard , guitar , backing vocals andrew shirley -- guitar , backing vocals ; additional musicians keith tutt , ii -- cello rob machado -- guest choir vocal ( '' always '' ) tracks 1 , 5 -- 8 and 10 -- 12 recorded at spot x , san diego .
17	band members ; current charles finn -- lead vocals ( 2007 -- 2011 ) jordan chase -- bass , vocals ( 2007 -- 2011 ) david ecker -- rhythm guitar ( 2009 -- 2011 ) jason ciolli -- lead guitar ( 2007 -- 2011 ) ryan loerke -- drums , percussion ( 2007 -- 2011 ) ; former bradyn byron -- rhythm guitar ( 2007 2009 ) discography studio albums singles '' xoxoxo '' ( great white whale ) '' vanishings '' ( great white whale ) '' warrior ( southern arrowwood ) '' ( teenage fantasy ) songs on compilations canada rocks , '' xoxoxo '' ( cmc distribution , 2008 ) songs from the penalty box , vol .
91	1 from 1983 's butthole surfers 2 from 1984 's live pcppep , recorded live at san antonio , texas ' the meridian on march 25 , 1984 3 previously unreleased recordings from the meridian show 4 bonus track 5 demo personnel gibby haynes -- lead vocals ( tracks 2 , 5 -- 8 , 12 -- 13 , 15 -- 17 ) , saxophone paul leary -- guitar , lead vocals ( tracks 1 , 3 -- 4 , 9 , 11 , 14 , 18 ) bill jolly -- bass ( tracks 1 -- 16 , 18 , 17 ?
18	history tea for the voyage formed in 2003 as a small ska and reggae trio ( guitar , bass and drums ) .
25	the earliest version of the group included first tenor albert campbell , second tenor james kent '' jim '' reynard , baritone joe belmont and bass joe majors .
10	in it he played guitar , keyboards , percussion , bass , harmonica , and trumpet .
13	credits dennis lyxzén -- vocals karl backman -- guitar christoffer röstlund jonsson -- bass jens nordén -- drums fredrik lyxzén - recording at parasit studios robert hurula - artwork video the official video for the track curva del diablo was filmed at a show at verket in umeå .
19	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for three vocal soloists -- alto , tenor and bass -- a four-part choir only in the closing chorale , trumpet , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
27	mark luckhurst , ( born 15 april 1961 ) and nicknamed ' snake ' was a founding member of the british hard rock band thunder , playing bass on their first two albums .
32	track listing versions ; united states 7 '' ; united kingdom 12 '' ; germany 12 '' personnel dave mustaine - guitar , lead vocals jeff young - guitar david ellefson - bass , backing vocals chuck behler - drums additional personnel steve jones ( sex pistols ) - guitar solo green jellÿ cover green jellÿ 's version of '' anarchy in the u.k. '' is a parody cover of the original .
55	history hailing from different towns around hopatcong , new jersey , hidden in plain view formed in august 2000 , when former 8 over par members joe reo ( vocals ) and rob freeman ( guitar / backing vocals ) merged with former jersey nonsense members kenny ryan ( guitar ) and chris amato ( bass ) , as well as derek reilly ( drums ) .
37	'' eso que llevas ahí '' , the lead single from the album , had several takes before the final one , becoming the only track on the album to be recorded live , with vadalá playing bass and pete thomas on drums .
11	kim ivanovich bazarsadaev ( russian : ким иванович базарсадаев ) , bass soloist .
15	matt cibula of popmatters highlights the work of berroa on the drums and henriquez ' bass , giving both pieces a '' solid foundation '' .
22	the band was formed in fagersta , sweden in 1992 by magnus larnhed ( vocals / guitar ) , michael conradsson ( bass ) , toni virtanen ( drums ) and kai kalliomäki ( guitar ) .