12	their arms and legs are nearly equal in length , and their trunk is long , allowing them to twist and extend to nearby branches .
6	development section of a developing vertebrate trunk showing the dorsolateral ( red ) and ventromedial ( blue ) routes of chromatoblast migration during vertebrate embryonic development , chromatophores are one of a number of cell types generated in the neural crest , a paired strip of cells arising at the margins of the neural tube .
65	it is loosely connected by areolar tissue to the aponeurosis of the obliquus externus abdominis , but in the midline it is more intimately adherent to the linea alba and to the pubic symphysis , and is prolonged on to the dorsum of the penis , forming the fundiform ligament ; above , it is continuous with the superficial fascia over the rest of the trunk ; below and laterally , it blends with the fascia lata of the thigh a little below the inguinal ligament ; medially and below , it is continued over the penis and spermatic cord to the scrotum , where it helps to form the dartos .
15	the analogous dutch word '' romp '' does however have the literal meaning of '' trunk '' and is therefore a more obvious metaphor for such a remnant .
9	the anterior rami supply the antero-lateral parts of the trunk and the limbs .
14	this gives the prosector , a pathologist or assistant , maximum exposure to the trunk .
9	during forced expiration for speech , muscles of the trunk and abdomen reduce the size of the thoracic cavity by compressing the abdomen or pulling the rib cage down forcing air out of the lungs .
13	it is similar to other rough sharks in having a stout , high trunk , a dorsally depressed head , and two sail-like dorsal fin with deeply embedded spines .
20	function the serratus posterior inferior draws the lower ribs backward and downward to assist in rotation and extension of the trunk .
41	qing he et al . of the obesity research center at columbia university did a study on '' fat distribution '' of 358 prepubertal children and the study said that asians had less gynoid fat than african american and more relative trunk fat than caucasians , but less relative extremity fat than caucasians .
15	scoring the scale comprises three categories : five general facets four lower extremity facets seven trunk , head and upper extremity facets each item has a score range from 0 ( good function ) to 3 ( poor function ) .
18	png the vertebrae may be used as vertical reference points for the locations of the organs of the trunk , taken from the middle of the vertebral body .
27	it has a distinctive appearance which is alluded to in its name ; the long white fringes of hair the run along each side of its black trunk are known as a mantle .
7	līc : ' body ' , ' trunk ' .
1	the trunk is longer than in other prosimians because they have 15 -- 16 thoracic vertebrae , compared to 12 -- 14 in other prosimians .
32	they are often more bulky than slalom/polo vests , but are usually cut short at the front to allow the paddler to lean further forward despite the thicker foam and allow good trunk rotation for quick turns .
13	dysplastic nevi can be found anywhere , but are most common on the trunk in men , and on the calves in women .
68	spinal polio the location of motor neuron in the anterior horn cells of the spinal column spinal polio , the most common form of paralytic poliomyelitis , results from viral invasion of the motor neurons of the anterior horn cells , or the ventral ( front ) grey matter section in the spinal column , which are responsible for movement of the muscles , including those of the trunk , limbs , and the intercostal muscle .
28	keratoderma blennorrhagicum ( also called keratoderma blennorrhagica ) are skin lesions commonly found on the palms and soles but which may spread to the scrotum , scalp and trunk .
21	'' function the major function of the gluteus maximus is to extend the flexed thigh and bring it inline with the trunk .
12	digitales volares propriæ ; collateral digital arteries ) the arteries of the trunk the descending aorta the thoracic aorta ( ) thoracic aorta thoracic aorta : peculiarities of : branches of the thoracic aorta visceral pericardial branches ( rami pericardiaci ) bronchial arteries ( aa .
39	the type and only known specimen is an articulated , but very incomplete individual , deformed and elongated , consisting of a large , incomplete , tubercle-covered head , a long , beak-like rostrum , and some of the trunk , with a total length of 18 centimeters .
7	prosthetics for children without substantial hip and trunk control is usually abandoned in favor of faster and easier wheelchair mobility as the child 's weight and age increases .
13	some have speculated that the muscle attachments were for a proboscis , or trunk , much like that of a tapir or elephant .
25	the upper extremity , proximal extremity or superior epiphysis of the femur is the part of the femur closes to the pelvic bone and the trunk .
8	png surface projections of the organs of the trunk , with transpyloric plane labeled at l1 image : gray1034 .
9	structure location surface projections of the organs of the trunk , showing kidneys at the level of t12 to l2 .
11	the dance itself consists of quick rhythmic moves especially with the trunk or upper body .
29	dunnigan-type familial partial lipodystrophy , abbreviated as ( fpld ) , is a rare monogenic form of insulin resistance characterized by loss of subcutaneous fat from the extremities , trunk , and gluteal region .
20	anatomical focus lengthens the extensor muscles of the leg and the deep psoas muscles that connect the legs to the trunk .
1	the trunk is covered with fibrous matting .
10	growing up to in height and in diameter , the trunk is straight and cylindrical , with reddish-gray bark .
37	description coconut flowers plant cocos nucifera is a large palm , growing up to tall , with pinnate leaves long , and pinnae 60 -- 90 cm long ; old leaves break away cleanly , leaving the trunk smooth .
4	while grapevines have woody trunk , the weight of a vine 's leafy canopy and grape clusters will often bring the vine 's cordon or '' arms '' down towards the ground unless it receives some form of support .
11	pua ala reaches a height of and has a succulent , trunk - like stem that tapers from the base .
14	it is commonly found in the form of a rounded outgrowth on a tree trunk or branch that is filled with small knots from dormant buds .
21	whatever the case , the support must be very sturdy , because mature wisteria can become immensely strong with heavy wrist-thick trunk and stem .
25	the crown of a woody plant ( tree , shrub , liana ) is the branch , leaves , and reproductive structures extending from the trunk or main stems .
20	in botany , ramification is the divergence of the stem and limbs of a plant into smaller ones , i.e. trunk into branch , branches into increasingly smaller branches , etc. .
15	then he stops and looks at the base of the tree , right where the trunk comes up from the ground .
35	description f. cupressoides is the largest tree species in south america , normally growing to 40 -- 60 m , but occasionally more than 70 m in argentina , and up to 5 m in trunk diameter .
7	on the basis of the structure of trunk and fructification he divided plants into fifteen '' higher genera '' .
34	measuring diameter to measure the diameter of a tree , the diameter tape ( diameter side facing user ) is wrapped around the tree , in the plane perpendicular to the axis of the trunk at above ground .
9	the west virginia state champion bur oak has a trunk diameter of almost 3 m ( 9 feet ) .
8	the compost pile is embedded on the tree trunk or banana stalks , with a pale erected in the middle .
3	tokyo preferred big trunk out of proportion and did not approve of kyoto 's finely designed slender trunks .
1	the trunk is straight and cylindrical with fissures and flaking bark .
34	eucalyptus radiata , commonly known as the narrow-leaved peppermint or forth river peppermint , is a medium to tall tree to 30 m high ( rarely 50 m ) with persistent bark on the trunk and larger branches or persistent to smaller branches .
9	description mature shumard oak typically reach heights of , trunk diameter is typically , and crown width typically reaches in width .
2	the single trunk is straight and often continues for the entire height of the tree , although sometimes splits into several large limbs once the canopy has been breached .
13	it is dioecious , and the female trees bear fruit directly on the trunk and large branches .
8	) feathers sprouting from the top of the trunk at odd angles .
10	the talipariti elatum tree is quite attractive with its straight trunk , broad green leaves and hibiscus - like flower .
23	the live crown is the top part of a tree , the part that has green leaves ( as opposed to the bare trunk , bare branches , and dead leaves ) .
2	the single trunk is spiny and forks at a height of .
13	description wiliwili trees grow to a height of with a gnarled and stout trunk that reaches in diameter .
25	description european hornbeam seed catkins it is a small to medium-size tree reaching heights of , rarely , and often has a fluted and crooked trunk .
23	grape vines and their canopies in viticulture , the canopy of a grapevine includes the parts of the vine visible aboveground - the trunk , cordon , stem , leaves , flowers , and fruit .
30	it is a small to medium sized deciduous tree , growing to 10 -- 15 m ( rarely to 18 m ) tall often with multiple stem and/or low branching trunk .
4	the species favors the trunk of trees , where it feeds as a saprotroph , causing white rot .
43	despite lee eun-ju 's prior experience with depicting sex and nudity in virgin stripped bare by her bachelors ( 2000 ) , she came under the scrutiny of korean press and netizen , for the highly emotional sex scenes and the notorious '' trunk scene '' in the scarlet letter which is regarded as '' one of the most shocking and intense scenes in the history of korean film .
18	the same architecture is applied at the rear , with a deep bumper , a clamshell - shaped trunk lid that envelops over the flanks , dual exhaust pipes and tail lamps .
6	many cars have lights in the trunk ( or boot ) , the engine compartment , and the glovebox and other storage compartments .
10	however , as the overall length remained the same , trunk capacity was slightly reduced .
17	reflections modelled every part of the car separately ( tire , car door , car light , trunk , etc. ) and then they 've combined it all together into a single vehicle .
50	) in most vehicles , the glove compartment closes with a latch , with the option of being locked with a key ( often desirable when using valet service , or when parking while the convertible top is down , or when the compartment contains a mechanism to open the trunk ) .
3	the car 's trunk capacity was also large , offering of cargo space .
30	the lack of cargo space in the prowler was universally lamented , so the howler addressed this by elongating and squaring off the back end , creating a moderate sized trunk .
18	this major re-design saw the addition of an external decklid ( previous models only allowed access to the trunk through the rear seat back ) and vent windows .
21	in the uncensored version , stan is shown drinking at the wheel of the car before showing dido struggling in the trunk of the car .
16	fuel supply was via a single weber adf twin - choke carburettor , fed from a trunk mounted steel fuel tank .
24	the term is also applied to the smaller stamped panels that form the floors inside a vehicle as well as the bottom of the trunk .
15	after brooks picked up his accomplice woody loudres , they put the mechanic in the trunk of the car and brooks and loudres drove to a motel .
13	unlike the bmw x5 , the x-coupe had an aluminium body , a trunk opening downwards and two doors that swing outward .
22	the sl opened up the apollo range with remote exterior mirrors , intermittent windscreen wipers , heated rear screen demister , remote trunk release for sedans and fuel filler door , a two-speaker radio cassette player and tinted side and rear glass .
7	oak finds police issue guns in the trunk of one man 's car , including one that belonged to calvess , and he beats both men until tellis tells him to get csi tools from the car .
12	currently the vehicle lacks features such as a storage compartment ( i.e. trunk or glove compartment ) , and the protection against bad weather is inadequate .
31	this concept vehicle was a multi-purpose vehicle ( mpv ) with rear-hinged-doors , that addressed the needs of families , with a roomy cabin in a compact package and a large trunk .
9	the corpse was found that same day in the trunk of a red renault 4 in via michelangelo caetani in the historic center of rome .
3	instead of a trunk at the back of the car , the terranaut features an air lock drawer , which allows easy and safe access to clinical samples placed in the air lock drawer by someone on the outside by a lab analyst still inside the car .
16	a continental tire is an upright , external , mounted spare tire behind an automobile 's trunk compartment .
11	many vehicles also display their vehicle number on their roof or trunk ( boot ) lid , to be identifiable from the air .
7	other differences include the '' scepter '' trunk garnish , fender marker lights , some options , and interior trim .
7	other criticisms include the lack of a trunk , rear window , spare tire and radio , and the way the car 's engine was limited or '' drugged '' .
36	in the case of the three-box form , there is a '' box '' delineating a separate volume from the a-pillar forward , a second box comprising the passenger volume , and third box comprising the trunk area e.g. , a sedan .
18	the drug officer walked his drug-sniffing dog around caballes ' car , and the dog alerted at the trunk .
22	the x-coupe was a crossover coupe , it featured an aluminium body , a 3.0 litre turbo - diesel engine , a trunk opening downwards , two opening conventional doors that swing outward and large tire and large rims .
8	the gas flap was built so that the trunk could be added to the total cargo area of the delorean .
37	the other changes were minor ( e.g. a slight modification to the extruded aluminum grille , a front sway bar made standard on six-cylinder models , and an optional black vinyl roof cover that continued over the trunk opening ) .
15	on front-engined saloon/sedans , measuring rear overhang is helpful in predicting the size of the trunk .