16	after teabing is arrested , it is revealed that langdon had cracked the code ( ' apple ' , a reference to newton ) and removed the clue from the cryptex before throwing it .
15	as in the original story , the queen pretends to be an old woman selling apple which in truth are poisoned .
7	papirovka ( ) is a cold-resistant early-ripening apple ( malus domestica ) cultivar grown across eastern europe and the baltics .
3	commercial production of apple and hops began before the turn of the century , along with the development of boontling , the local folk language .
11	became the number 1 top grossing health & fitness app on apple 's app store ( ios ) on february 27 , 2012 .
2	pear , apple , grape , oranges , mandarin orange , nectarine , mespila , blackberries , cherries , strawberries , figs , watermelon , melon , avocado , citrus , lemon , pistachio , almond , chestnut , walnut , hazelnut are some of the commonest of the fruits and nuts .
14	desserts include the iconic dobos cake , strudel ( rétes ) , filled with apple , cherry , poppy seeds or cheese , gundel pancake , plum dumplings ( szilvás gombóc ) , somlói dumplings , dessert soups like chilled sour cherry soup , and sweet chestnut puree ( gesztenyepüré ) ( cooked chestnuts mashed with sugar and rum , split into crumbs , and topped with whipped cream ) .
8	the '' twins of mammon '' refers to apple and google , whose mobile operating systems , respectively ios and android , have taken a duopoly of the mobile os market .
26	phytochemicals lychees have moderate amounts of polyphenols , shown in one french study to be higher than several other fruits analyzed , such as grape and apple .
15	other ingredients often include sugar , salt , lemon juice , and sometimes caraway , apple , dry red wine , cloves , and chopped parsley .
14	david wang is a jail break developer and mobile phone hacker who won the apple phone hacking competition and hacked the iphone to use as an android apps platform .
10	in the 2006-2007 school year , each student received an apple laptop computer for use at school and home ; these laptops are used on a daily basis in breck middle and upper school classrooms , and to a lesser degree in fourth-grade classrooms .
9	'' avakian said the company hopes to build the apple of tea .
27	the idiom , comparing apples and oranges , refers to the apparent differences between items which are popularly thought to be incomparable or incommensurable , such as apple and orange .
9	housewives could buy cabbage , cucumber , potato , apple , and other vegetables by the bushel and store or preserve them for the winter .
1	fruit apple , plum , and pear , which grow well in lithuania , are the most commonly used fruit .
9	matas left delicious monster in 2005 to work for apple , but left the company in july 2009 to found push pop press .
33	souvenir rice ( berenj ) tursu ( torshi ) vegetable ( sabzi ) kilim ( gelim ) pottery ( sofalgari ) juglans ( gerdoo ) orange ( porteghal ) cherry ( gilas ) apple ( sib ) wood carving ( monabat kari ) honey ( asal ) felt ( namad ) fruit preserves ( murraba ) local bread ( nan mahali ) pastry ab dandan pastry āqooz kenna pastry saghe aroos naz khatoon robb e narenj food kateh kabab torsh tah chin halva peshte zik alu mosema morq-e torsh shami goosht ash-e-doogh khoresh aloo mahi shekam por ( stuffed fish ) morgh shekam por ( stuffed chicken ) ordak shekam por ( stuffed duck ) ispina-saek transportation haraz road : road 77 is the most important road from tehran to northern iran ( province of mazandaran ) besideskaraj-chaloos .
19	fragments of other tree species including holly , willow , poplar , dogwood , ivy , birch , and apple have also been found .
5	other fruits include nightshade , apple and pear .
10	uses a lipophobic coating is used on the touchscreen of apple 's iphone since the 3gs , their ipad , nokia 's n9 and lumia devices , various samsung phones such as the google nexus s and galaxy nexus , the htc hd2 , hero and flyer and many other phones to repel fingerprint oil , which aids in preventing and cleaning fingerprint marks .
9	industry donnybrook is the home of western australia 's apple industry .
9	the company is probably referring to figures released by apple in 2012 , when celebrating the 25th billion app download .
4	some ( such as apple , atari , and acorn ) persevered with their independent and quite different systems .
2	android and apple smartphones and tablet computers may be used as remote controls for google tv .
22	in july 2011 , a pedobear iphone application , released on a few weeks earlier on june 25 , was removed from apple 's app store .
2	cherry , apple , pear , peach and apricot trees are available .
24	caverns of minos is an arcade shooting game for ios devices developed by jeff minter and ivan zorzin of llamasoft and published via the apple app store .
3	discontinued flavors include apple and non-alcoholic champagne .
15	history the first pointing device gesture , the '' drag , '' was introduced by apple to replace a dedicated '' move '' button on mice shipped with its macintosh and lisa computers .
12	economy manara 's main industries are agriculture ( primarily cotton fields , apple and chicken ) , tourism to the scenic cliffs via its cable cars descending to kiryat shmona in the valley below , and a technical glass manufacturing plant .
6	cox 's orange pippin is an apple cultivar first grown in 1830 , at colnbrook in buckinghamshire , england , by the retired brewer and horticulturist richard cox .
13	romeo suicide by poison in romeo and juliet snow white ate a poisoned apple mingo swieter in ricarda huch 's 1917 novel , the deruga case ( curare ) vladimir harkonnen of dune unsuccessful poisoning of ron weasley in harry potter and the half-blood prince .
10	push notifications push notifications were first introduced to smartphones by apple with the advent of the iphone in 2007 .
18	the stout larva is green with a reddish stripe and feeds on the flower of various rosaceae including apple , blackthorn , cherry , hawthorn , pear and quince .
23	as well as offering music technology courses at undergraduate and postgraduate level , lcm is an official native instruments training center and offers apple certified logic , pro tools and ableton live training courses .
14	it could be found in the bark of pear ( pyrus communis ) , apple , cherry and other fruit trees ( rosaceae ) and is responsible for the petal color in dianthus caryophyllus .
3	the granny smith apple cultivar originates in eastwood , new south wales , australia , from a chance seedling propagated by maria ann smith ( née sherwood , 1799 -- 1870 ) .
11	diplocarpon mali is a plant pathogen that causes marssonina blotch on apple .
17	among the ingredients used are plum or pear syrup , dried pears , plums or cherries , apple vinegar and honey .
14	apples and pears podosphaera leucotricha is a fungus that can cause powdery mildew of apple and pear .
13	wheat is the most commonly grown product ; however , large amounts of apple , corn , grape are also grown , along with potato , and other products including asparagus .
10	police actions hong kong declaration of non-involvement posted outside the apple - authorised computer store next to elite multimedia on 31 january 2008 , an unemployed man identified as 29-year-old chung yik-tin ( 鍾亦天 ) was arrested for allegedly uploading one image ; 12 pictures were found on his computer .
8	malic acid contributes to the sourness of green apple .
29	operators such as at & t mobility can not offer their traditional services ( such as downloads of wallpapers , ringtones , games , applications , etc. ) as apple controls the total iphone user experience .
8	it covers the growth of the idea of apple 's very own ipod , from its origins before its introduction in 2001 to its development to the ipod nano and the fifth-generation video ipod .
2	app store apple 's app store for ios was the first app distribution service , which set the standard for app distribution services and continues to do so , opened on july 10 , 2008 , and as of january 2011 , reported over 10 billion downloads .
22	'' as vice president , bernardin also shepherded the development of the mcdonald 's filet-o-fish , as well the company 's fried apple and cherry pies .
6	airheads pops are lollipop available in apple , blue raspberry , strawberry , cherry , watermelon , grape , strawberry kiwi and berry .
12	data port the macintosh 128k , macintosh 512k and macintosh plus from apple used 4p4c connectors to connect the keyboard to the main computer housing .
3	commercial orcharding of apple was first tried there in 1892 , but a series of setbacks prevented the major success of commercial fruit crops until the 1920s .
13	plot summary a small worm is attempting to dine on a large delicious apple when he is attacked by a hungry black crow .
2	these include apple , beetroot , cabbage , carrot , high quality coffee , common bean , maize , onion , peach , plum , potato , radish , turnip and wheat .
23	as a third and last attempt to rid herself of snow white , she secretly consults the darkest magic and makes a poisoned apple , and in the disguise of a farmer 's wife , she offers it to snow white .
15	a good portion of the population is engaged in agriculture , especially fruits such as apple , pear , plum , strawberries , and raspberries on farms and gardens in the village .
13	the term , which derived from the words costard ( a type of apple ) and monger , i.e. '' seller '' , came to be particularly associated with the '' barrow boys '' of london who would sell their produce from a wheelbarrow or wheeled market stall .
7	people are associated with the business of apple and other fruits .
31	the county 's agricultural industry blossomed in the 19th century , especially after the arrival of the dominion atlantic railway which led to a major expansion of exports , especially the apple industry .
45	also crickets ( kōrogi ) : all autumn ( august -- october ) -- noted for the singing of the males nashi pear ( 梨 nashi ) , chaenomeles ( boke no mi ) , peach ( momo ) , persimmon ( kaki ) , apple ( ringo ) and grape ( budō ) are examples of fruit that are used as autumn kigo .
13	composition this retail mixture contains rooibos , coconut , ginger , cinnamon , apple , cardamom , black pepper & almond .
9	organizations such as at&t , coca-cola , starbucks , apple , and harley-davidson all participate in marketing development and distribution of their marketing concepts .
31	also new ( but available for the original model via software update ) was the ability to connect to and share america online 's dial-up service -- a feature unique to apple base stations .
14	career large corporations and start-ups whurley moved to austin in 1994 to work at apple , eventually working in research and development .
4	in may 2011 , apple announced a new line of imac that include the thunderbolt interface .
12	commercial use the song 's title comes from the norwegian word for apple .
34	part three : later the same day , the crew is setting up for a dream sequence in which nicole , as ellen , stands still while a dwarf walks around her holding an apple .
4	its main products include apple , paulownia , tobacco , maize , cotton , and wheat .
17	vim is included with almost every linux distribution ( and is also shipped with every copy of apple os x ) .
24	with the algorithm , bertenshaw and west developed pitch ` n time ; a plug-in for digidesign ( now avid ) pro tools and apple logic for timestretching and pitch-shifting .
6	the free-draining gravels are preferred for apple orchards , which grow in thermal belts where cold air can drain to the valley floor .
17	owen hall houses practice rooms , a digital recording studio , and a computer lab with 19 apple computers with a variety of software , including logic pro 7 , sibelius , final cut studio 2 , photoshop and dreamweaver .
29	in that role he oversaw digital music strategy , including new media projects and strategic relationships with mobile phone companies , music download / streaming partners ( such as apple , rhapsody , spotify , myspace music , pandora and others ) and social media networks .
18	the board of directors includes representatives from eleven '' promoter '' companies : amd , american megatrends , apple , dell , hp , ibm , insyde software , intel , lenovo , microsoft , and phoenix technologies .
15	in captivity , the binturong 's diet includes commercially prepared meat mix , banana , apple , oranges , canned peach and mineral supplement .
10	more widespread fruit varieties grown in colombia include mango , apple , pear , blackberry , and strawberry .
32	in 1980 , motorola 's next generation 32-bit microprocessor , the mc68000 , led the wave of technologies that spurred the computing revolution in 1984 , powering devices from companies such as apple , commodore , atari , sun , and hewlett packard .
5	the melons , grapes , apple , quince , and pear of uzbekistan are well known for their quality .
27	this approach has been utilised by both operators and device manufacturers , for example i-mode ( ntt docomo ) , blackberry ( rim ) and iphone ( apple ) .
1	on apple 's systems , and on a handful of other laptops , there are also thunderbolt ports .
20	the slightly sloped hillside areas spread to the east of the ōu mountains and are utilized as crop fields and apple orchards .
12	the most common dacha fruits in cool temperate regions of russia are apple , blackcurrant , redcurrant , gooseberry , raspberry and strawberry ( sometimes also sour cherry , downy cherry , plum , pear , sea-buckthorn , actinidia kolomikta , black chokeberry , serviceberry , sweetberry honeysuckle , blackberry and grape , but many of them are either rare or not hardy enough and require winter protection ) .
9	cotton , timber and lumber products , and the apple and peach industries were also important to the success of the area .
1	the apple macintosh ( 1984 ) and atari st ( 1985 ) could produce digital audio via software .
12	by greco-roman times popular food plants of today , including grape , apple , fig , and olive , were being listed as named varieties in early manuscripts .
14	in iran , the word used is سیب ( saib ) , meaning '' apple .
12	many other computers , particularly ones from commodore and early ones from apple , write disks in formats which can not be encoded or decoded by the 765a , even though the drive mechanisms are more or less identical to ones used on pcs .
7	nothing real was acquired in 2002 by apple .
22	predominant tree and shrub species on the island include maple , birch , oak , pine , poplar , sumac , and apple .
16	in this way the srm console is similar to the open firmware used in sparc and apple powermac computers , for example .
6	furthermore , the aluminum shell of apple macbook pro is also manufactured in this city .
12	the bazaar also sell pomegranate , apricot , plum , peach , apple , pear , figs , and persimmon .
20	the other was ios 4.2 , replaced with 4.2.1 due to a wi-fi bug in 4.2 beta 3 , causing apple to release 2 more golden masters ( 4.2 gm and 4.2.1 gm ) .
27	gehakte hering ( chopped herring ) , a popular appetizer on shabbat , is made by chopping skinned , boned herring with hard-boiled egg , onion , apple , sugar , pepper , and a dash of vinegar .
17	the charter members were composed of equipment vendors , independent producers , training professionals and members of apple 's iie computer group , sony 's smc-70 computer & interactive laser disc groups and pioneer 's interactive laserdisc groups .
19	the main irrigated crops are cotton , wheat , corn , grain , sorghum , alfalfa , hay , apple , peach , cherries , grape , pistachio , pecan , lettuce , chili , and other vegetables .
15	esther balogh spoke on paprika , bruce kraig on hot dog and joan morgan on apple , soon to be the subject of her definitive the book of apples ( 1993 ) .
14	howe settled in dorset , vermont , where he owned and operated a successful apple growing business .
1	agriculture apple are the base of fraiburgo economy , being responsible for 60 % of the total state production and 40 % of the national production .
18	xcode is an integrated development environment ( ide ) containing a suite of software development tools developed by apple for developing software for os x and ios .
7	as of 2014 , iwireless now offers apple brand smartphones as well as some other popular smartphones .
8	at first she ate a little piece of apple , then a bit of date and watered wine , then river water contaminated with salt from the tides .
20	ingredients kofo syrup , the main ingredient of kofola , consists of 14 natural ingredients ( such as extracts from apple , cherry , currant , or herbal aroma ) , sugar , and caramel .
32	the first neutral-critical books were written soon after the war : '' devout misery '' ( ) written by the nobel laureate in literature frans emil sillanpää in 1919 , '' dead apple trees '' ( ) by joel lehtonen in 1918 and '' home coming '' ( ) by runar schildt in 1919 .
18	additional economic activities , which are part of the revenue producing activities of the kibbutz , are : apple , avocado and grapefruit orchard , cotton growing , dairy cattle and commercial fish ponds and renting accommodation .
27	in celebration , the king announces a banquet and offers his daughter 's hand in marriage to any one of the knight who can catch a golden apple that will be thrown into their midst .
57	its wines are made from a variety of fruits including : ; grape wines baco noir cabernet franc cabernet sauvignon catawba chambourcin , chardonnay colombard concord de chaunac landot noir merlot muscat blanc niagara noah petit verdot pinot gris pinot noir riesling rkatsiteli sangiovese seyval blanc syrah vidal blanc villard blanc villard noir ; non-grape wines almond apple blackberry blueberry cherry cranberry pomegranate raspberry tomasello was a participant at the judgment of princeton , a wine tasting organized by the american association of wine economists that compared new jersey wines to premium french vintages .
25	while the original flavors consisted of lime , cherry and grape , the most common flavors are cherry , grape , and a raspberry / apple combination that turns from blue when dry to green when wet with saliva or water .
5	sidral mundet is a mexican apple - flavored carbonated soft drink produced by femsa s.a de c.v and distributed in the united states by the novamex company , which also distributes the jarritos and sangria señorial soda brands .
9	the single was available at high-street stores hmv , apple itunes and amazon .
14	although not commercially successful , star greatly influenced future developments , for example at apple , microsoft and sun microsystems .
35	in the u.s. , the brown marmorated stink bug feeds , beginning in late may or early june , on a wide range of fruits , vegetables , and other host plant including peach , apple , green bean , soybeans , cherries , raspberries , and pear .
20	he introduced vegetable farming and fruit orcharding to the region , and is remembered is a pioneer of washington 's apple industry .
33	these representations may be considered somewhat unusual by a modern user , but at the time there were no commonly accepted metaphors and commodore chose to use different idioms from their competitors ( apple had already pursued legal action to prevent other software companies from offering graphical user interfaces similar to its own ) .
15	pascal cagni is a french business leader best known for his highly successful management of apple 's european business from 2000 to 2012 .
6	rougemont is well known for its apple orchard and sugar shack .
20	albert etter ( 1872 -- 1950 ) was an american plant breeder best known for his work on strawberry and apple varieties .
14	bee pollination from mobile beehives is of great economic value for orchards such as apple or almond .
9	the yakima valley produces many fruit crops , including apple , peach , pear , cherries , and melon .
11	karmijn de sonnaville apples karmijn de sonnaville is a variety of apple bred by piet de sonnaville , working in wageningen ( the netherlands ) in 1949 .
17	it has a website and separate digital editions configured for both the ios operating system for the apple ipad and the android operating system for such devices as the google nexus , all of which offer video clips , extra features and multimedia and other material not found in the printed version of the newspaper .
16	in celtic lore , the hawthorn plant was used commonly for inscriptions along with yew and apple .
10	johnny appleseed , commonly used as a placeholder name by apple .
8	orchard displays 238 trees of 119 pre-20th century apple varieties .
18	on may 15 , 2013 , '' say the same thing '' became the 50 billionth download in apple 's app store .
49	epix hd ( online streaming ) in addition to lending its name to the hd simulcast television feed , epix hd is also used as the name of the network 's online on-demand service available on epix.com , the roku streaming player , microsoft xbox , sony playstation , apple ios devices , android devices and select samsung smart tv models .
12	for the mountain towns , the crops are summer fruits , mainly apple and pear .
47	on may 9 , 2011 , they launched the youtube channel '' thecussingchannel '' which contains supercut of various movies such as '' just the cussing '' for pulp fiction and '' just the spells '' for all eight of the films , as well as four apple ad parodies narrated by scott .
20	some valley oaks on the site are infested with these '' fruits , '' and on first glance appear as apple trees .
1	the apple slogan '' think different '' has been widely taken as a response to ibm 's think .
33	trees & shrubs tree species include english oak , caucasian oak , turkey oak , holm oak and sessile oak , rowan , ash , lime , spindle , hazel , laburnum , apple , cotoneaster , hawthorn and silver birch .
17	their album , glorious five year plan , was issued on the mgm label and appeared on apple 's itunes store on 10 january .
18	an ios version developed by chillingo , over the top games and borne games was released on the apple app store on march 4 , 2012 .
15	history appgratis started as a newsletter listing daily app deals from the app store for apple users in 2008 .
4	the larvae feed on apple species .
41	this led him to evolve the agroforestry concept of the '' forest garden '' : based on the observation that the natural forest can be divided into distinct layers or ` storeys ' , he developed an existing small orchard of apple and pear into an edible landscape consisting of seven dimensions ; hart had a vision for the spread of the forest garden throughout even the most heavily built up areas , as he explains : bibliography inviolable hills : ecology , conservation and regeneration of the british uplands , stuart & w ( 1968 ) .
59	michurin also proposed means for overcoming the genetic barrier of incompatibility during the process of hybridization , such as pollination of the young hybrids during their first florescence , preliminary vegetative crossing , use of a '' mediator '' , pollination with the mix of different kinds of pollen etc. the soviets began to cultivate michurin 's hybrids of apple , pear , cherry , rowan and others .
20	rows of trees under hail nets a pile of ` red delicious ' the red delicious is a clone of apple cultigen , now comprising more than 50 cultivar , recognized in madison county , iowa , united states , in 1880 .
24	the preferred plant was shown to me , it is a kind of liana with large white blossoms , with a milky sap and apple fruits .
37	brief notes serial number : 610624 postal code : 717400 county office : in zhen wu dong ( 真武洞 ) districts of administration : economy ansai county is a traditionally agricultural county where vegetable , livestock , apple , apricot are produced .
1	when apple added podcatching to its itunes software in june 2005 , it almost immediately became the most popular client .
15	in zwingenberg there still exist remnants of , and even new fruit farming ( mainly apple ) .
8	the uniform type identifier for svg used by apple is public.svg-image and conforms to public .
7	auburn road also makes fruit wine from apple , blueberries , and peach advocacy , features , licensing , and associations auburn road is an advocate of the direct shipping of wine from wineries to customers .
39	according to the food and agriculture organisation ( fao ) , iran ranks amongst the top 7 countries in producing 22 important agricultural products : it ranks first in pistachio production , second in date production and fourth in apple production worldwide .
15	candy apples , also known as toffee apples outside of north america , are whole apple covered in a hard toffee or sugar candy coating , with a stick inserted as a handle .
6	monroeville also makes fruit wine from apple , blueberries , cranberries , nectarine , peach , strawberries .
4	his advertising clients include apple , champion , cocacola , ibm , isleworth , kodak , manfrotto , nike , nikon , reebok , amway global and stryker .
10	the chairman of the board is arthur d. levinson of apple .
20	the deficiency is most common in several important fruit and vegetable crops ; notably potato , brassica , tomato , apple , currants , gooseberries , and raspberries .
11	present day kingston remains as a major service center for the apple growing industry in the area of western kings county and has a growing retail district , owing to its access to highway 101 .
22	with regard to post-production , the university also has avid mentor status , and is the midlands ' accredited training center for apple 's final cut editing software .
10	fruit that only grow in temperate climate , such as apple , plum , peach , nectarines and grape are grown in santa catarina .
6	cider apples are a group of apple cultivar grown for their use in cider production .
11	as of february 2014 , balfour hosts fashion in conversation for apple , a series of interviews in the uk and us with influential names in the industry like vogue editor-in-chief anna wintour , blogger scott schuman aka the sartorialist , fashion designers zac posen , marchesa , proenza schouler , mary katrantzou , anya hindmarch , manolo blahnik , '' queen of the green carpet '' livia firth and academy award winning costume designer sandy powell among others .
22	it was established in 1975 with a purpose of conservation of natural forests composed of walnut trees ( juglans regia ) , apple trees ( malus spp ) , alycha ( prunus divaricata ) and other species .
15	many aspects of the documentary demonstrate adams ' noted enthusiasm for technology , and for apple computers in particular .
17	in this case , the ftc found google liable for misrepresenting '' privacy assurances to users of apple 's safari internet browser '' .
21	in 2009 , psfk created a list of the top 10 most '' inspirational brands , '' which included google , apple , zipcar , and other major consumer companies .
49	of the berries that have been found are raspberry ( rubus idaeus ) , dewberry ( rubus caesius ) , wild strawberry , and the somewhat less palatable dogwood ( cornus sanguinea ) , hawthorn ( crataegus monogyna and oxyacantha ) , rowanberry ( sorbus aucuparia ) , crab apple and rose hips .
23	ios ( ipad , iphone , ipod touch ) on january 19 , 2012 , namco bandai released a port of soulcalibur for apple 's ios platform .
8	every autumn , the many different kind of apple - sorts that are represented in the almost hundred trees , becomes mature .
6	the name mostviertel comes from the apple and pear must ( or heavy juice ) made there .
16	examples pomes of common medlar , mespilus germanica the best-known example of a pome is the apple .
24	history wifi explorer began as a desktop alternative to wifi analyzer , an iphone app for wireless network scanning that was pulled out from apple 's app store in march , 2010 due to the use of private frameworks .
8	in 2007 , asus , dell , and apple introduced led backlights into some of their notebook models .
32	varieties keglevich delicious is a range of 6 fruit-flavored vodkas : strawberry peach melon berry mix blueberry coconut strawberry and cream keglevich fresh is a range of 3 flavored vodkas : lemon apple mint keglevich exotic is a range of 2 vodka - based , flavored drinks : mango and maracuja green tea keglevich luxuria licorice they all are available in 0,70 l thick glass bottles .
32	in december 2012 , amazon.com announced that bared to you was # 4 on the e-tailer's list of top 10 best-selling books of 2012 overall ( print and kindle combined ) , apple announced that bared to you was # 5 on itunes ' top ten books of the year , and nielsen announced that bared to you was # 7 on bookscan 's top 10 print book sales of 2012 -- adult fiction .
23	in 2011 , evolution produces five types of juice with the pascalization or high pressure process , orange , grapefruit , lemonade , apple and tangerine .
10	because meizu technology co. , ltd wanted to compete with apple , the company had to use the same retina screen as the iphone 4 .
23	it turns out the pig was n't injured but just hungry , and he gets back his health when he eats karin 's apple .
8	zimmerman played an active role in the commercial apple orchard industry of hampshire county , and operated at least three commercial orchards there .
7	the major productions in the zone are apple , peach and pear .
5	on 13 april 2010 , apple added support for audio out using mini displayport in their macbook pro product line .
36	replay volume normalization with music sales moving towards file-based playback , digital downloads and away from cds , there is a possibility that the loudness war will be blunted by normalization technology such as replaygain and apple 's sound check .
5	announcement ping was announced by apple ceo , steve jobs as being '' sort of like facebook and twitter meet itunes , '' but stating that '' ping is not facebook '' and '' it is not twitter , '' instead describing it as '' something else ... all about music .
7	both seasons are available for download from apple 's itunes store .
7	introduced in 1999 , it preceded the apple ipod and similar players .
3	dusers is an apple macintosh users ' group at drexel university in philadelphia .
5	it also had many large apple orchard .
20	some eee pc lines such as the 1000he and 1215s uses the island-style keyboard , similar to keyboards used in apple computers and sony 's vaio series , where the keys are reminiscent of scrabble tiles , being spaced apart and raised from the surface below .
10	zoomsystems has partnered with companies such as best buy , apple , macy's , proactiv solution , procter & gamble and max wellness .
6	northern honshū produced 75 % of apple of japan ; other products included cherries and horses .
7	it is the center of tasmania 's apple and fruit-growing industry , and has also been highly reliant on the timber industry since the late 19th century .
15	some programs bundled with popular operating system which support png include microsoft 's paint and apple 's iphoto and preview , with the gimp also often being bundled with popular linux distributions .
11	it was developed in the late 1980s and early 1990s by apple , who called it firewire .
35	desktop environments and applications could be hosted in a datacenter , with users accessing these environments from a wide range of client devices , including microsoft windows pcs , sun ray virtual display clients , apple macintoshes , pdas or any combination of supported devices .
20	the company develops instant messaging , social networking , productivity , entertainment , games , media and location-based applications for apple iphone , ipod touch and ipad , blackberry , windows phone / windows mobile , android , symbian s60 , uiq , j2me , and hp / palm webos mobile platforms .
48	temperate cash crops grown in regions with a temperate climate include many cereals ( wheat , rye , corn , barley , oat ) , oil-yielding crops ( e.g. rapeseed , mustard seed ) , vegetables ( e.g. potato ) , tree fruit or top fruit ( e.g. apple , cherries ) and soft fruit ( e.g. strawberries , raspberries ) .
12	this integrated unit resembled the original mac series , albeit redesigned to apple 's '' neoclassical '' design language of the era .
3	in 2007 , apple announced that tahoma would be bundled with the next version of mac os x v10.5 ( '' leopard '' ) .
27	'' because her father is american , feist has dual canadian-u.s. citizenship , joking later that she was given u.s. citizenship as part of a deal with apple .
18	the selectric composer was accorded respect and affection among small publishers , unrivaled until the appearance of the apple macintosh , laser printer , and desktop publishing software .
22	the most important crops include vegetables ( tomatoe , cucumber , potatoes , pepper , aubergine ) ; fruit ( strawberries , apple , peach , fig ) ; wheat , maize , barley .
13	propagation via root cuttings requires adventitious bud formation , e.g. in horseradish and apple .
27	this hadnset has a 4.3 inch , ips wvga capacitive display ( ips lcd panel type is a very high quality display that 's been used in apple products as well ) 480x800 pixels .
11	microsoft 's internet explorer and webkit ( the browser engine behind apple 's safari and google chrome ) never supported it , even in its css incarnation .
15	'' tufts began his criminal activities at the age of 14 with thefts of '' apple , pear , cucumber , and other fruits of the earth , '' and then graduating to '' a paper money bill '' of a neighbor .
8	rhubarb crumble popular fruits used in crumbles include apple , blackberry , peach , rhubarb , gooseberry , and plum .
3	swayze created the apple known as the swayze pomme gris .
25	in northern transylvania , children go with sorcova from house to house , wishing health in exchange for local delicacies ( cozonac , colac , apple , nut ) .
8	other fruit : açaí berries , almond , apple , apricot , asian pear , banana , beach plum , black currants , blackberries , blueberries , cherries , cranberries , dandelion , honey ( mead ) , kiwifruit , limes , mango , nectarine , peach , pear , pineapple , plum , pomegranate , pumpkin , raspberries , strawberries , sugar plum , and watermelon .
2	os x apple 's os x is a unix 03 registered product , first becoming registered with mac os x v10.5 '' leopard '' on october 26 , 2007 ( when run on intel processors ) .
39	while no agreement or settlement was made between mobigame and langdell , on october 7 , 2009 , the game was placed back onto the app store , under the title edge by mobigame , which was approved by apple .
21	the pa6t was the first power architecture core to be designed from scratch outside the aim alliance ( i.e. not by apple , ibm , or motorola / freescale ) in ten years .
12	a novelization of the story is available as an e-book from both apple 's ibookstore service and amazon 's kindle store .
6	farms produced hay , potato , apple and pear .
0	apple orchards and vineyards are cultivated on many of the lower slopes , and much of the fruit is used to make cider .
0	apple , a user of gcc , and a heavy user of both drm and patents decided to switch the compiler in its xcode ide from gcc to clang , another foss compiler , but which is under a permissive license .
20	they are either wafer-thin , as crepes are , or made from a yeast-risen batter , often mixed with grated apple or potato .
16	she used her interest in fragrance to create caitlin , a cruelty-free fragrance containing gardenia , apple , sandalwood and patchouli .
4	notable examples include : apple ( malus domestica ) .
7	fruits fruit like pear , walnuts , apple , banana , black grapes , grapes , fig , peach , damson plum , mulberry , wild fig , lemon , apricot , cherry are found in abundance in u/c numbal .
5	major brands ( such as apple , microsoft and thermos-grill2go ) have used infomercials for their ability to communicate more complicated and in-depth product stories .
26	'' he starts off the class with passionfruit , but the whole class complains that they 've already done passionfruit , in addition to oranges , apple , grapefruit ( whole and segmented ) , pomegranate , greengage , grape , lemon , plum , mango in syrup , and cherries ( red and black ) .
44	usage of the term pests often occur in high densities , making the damage they do even more detrimental often animals are derided as pests as they cause damage to agriculture by feeding on crops or parasitising livestock , such as codling moth on apple , or boll weevil on cotton .
15	ontario-grown fruits used to make these wines include ( but are not limited to ) apple , apricot , black currant , blackberry , blueberry , cherry , cranberry , elderberry , gooseberry , huckleberry , haskap , nectarine , peach , pear , plum , red currant , raspberry , saskatoon berry , and strawberry .
14	steve jobs ( 1955 -- 2011 ) is shown here holding the first generation apple ipad .
7	dabinett apples dabinett is a variety of apple , customarily used in somerset for making cider .
12	amirabad is very rich in fruits such as grapes , orange , apple , plum , figs , apricot and many more .
6	after initially offering no comment , apple finally apologized saying , '' this application was deeply offensive and should not have been approved for distribution on the app store .
6	in canada , the raspberry / apple flavor is replaced with tangerine .
8	the first press edition comes with a different apple jacket cover .
8	since many other fruits , like strawberries , apple , melon , and banana share the same characteristics and genes , researchers stated the published genome could help to improve food quality , food security and reduce costs of all of these fruits .
8	the province produces almost 70 % of the apple and pear of the country , most it for exportation with 38 % of it as fresh fruit and 40 % as juice concentrate , through the port of san antonio oeste .
23	in march 2007 , the caldav specification was finished and published by the ietf as rfc 4791 , authored by cyrus daboo ( apple ) , bernard desruissaux ( oracle ) , and lisa dusseault ( commercenet ) .
13	a brown betty is a traditional american dessert made from fruit ( usually apple , but also berries or pear ) and sweetened crumbs .
26	in mac os x 10.0 , the nextstep format was deprecated , and a new xml format was introduced , with a public dtd defined by apple .
19	prekmurska gibanica , a pastry from prekmurje , made of eight layers , contains poppy seed , walnut , apple , raisin , and ricotta fillings .
5	huber grove , a 100-year-old apple orchard , features the huber farmhouse and creamery .
23	it is unusual in that it contains three rendering engines : gecko ( used in mozilla firefox ) , webkit ( used in apple 's safari and google chrome ) , and trident ( used in microsoft internet explorer ) .
4	omniture collects data from apple and adobe , who use omniture to collect usage statistics across their products .
14	coaching and consulting berardi is also a nutrition and physiology consultant to corporations including apple , equinox , nike , and titleist .
4	this is the second apple phone to include its new sony made 8mp camera .
12	colonists opted to grow less barley as it was easier to ferment apple cider than to brew beer .
7	they were available in berry burst , apple and raisin , white chocolate chip and milk chocolate chip flavor .
24	film production rodriguez was the executive producer of the biographical film jobs , directed by joshua michael stern and based on the life of apple co-founder , steve jobs .
15	tufahije ( singular : tufahija ) is a bosnian dessert made of walnut - stuffed apple stewed in water with sugar , very popular in bosnia and herzegovina , croatia , macedonia and serbia .
21	auo manufactures tft panels for companies including samsung , sony , nec , lenovo , panasonic , lg , dell , apple , viewsonic , acer , toshiba .
10	the flower of kent is a green variety of cooking apple .
13	in ancient times it was a place of worship and stood amid an apple orchard and birch grove .
1	some apple orchards are raised on lower slopes .
4	it was developed by apple as a replacement for ostype ( type & creator codes ) .
35	similar drinks of other countries in bulgaria , pelin ( пелин ) is a type of wine with up to 34 herbs and some fruits added , including wormwood , st john 's wort , apple and quince .
12	original disk copy utility disk copy was also the name of an apple utility distributed with some of the earliest versions of the mac os .
17	oz now also distributed since 1.4.0 pipeline pilot prograph pure data pythonect quartz composer - designed by apple ; used for graphic animations and effects sac single assignment c scala ( with a library ) signal ( a dataflow-oriented synchronous language enabling multi-clock specifications ) simulink simpl sisal - a visual programming environment focused on industrial vision ( open source ) swarm system verilog tersus - visual programming platform ( open source ) verilog vhdl vignette 's vbis language for business processes integration vvvv vsxu widget workshop , a '' game '' designed for children which is technically a simplified dataflow programming language .
11	the company is well known for their service and sale of apple products , including notebooks , desktops , and the ipod music player .
12	proview holds the '' ipad '' trademark for china and has sued apple for us$ 1.6 billion in damages .
10	it is very common in the autumn , feeding on apple trees in gardens , and on willow bushes in hedges .
0	apple , korean pear and peach are not used because if they are heated , the colors are not suitable for making gwapyeon .
14	libvirt is available on most linux distributions ; remote servers are also accessible from apple and microsoft windows clients .
21	in june , 2010 , boarddocs quick adoption of support for the ipad has generated attention for the product on many apple - related news sites .
13	computerland retailed not only imsai 8080s , but also computers from companies including apple , north star , and cromemco .
6	partners the academy 's partners include apple , arri , cannes film festival , goldsmiths , university of london , kodak , new horizons film festival , riverside studios , deluxe entertainment services group inc . , and anglia ruskin university ( cambridge campus ) courses of study the college provides a variety of film-making courses , taught either in london or in the algarve , portugal ( in association with the algarve film commission ) .
13	tarts in particular are made with all sorts of toppings , from sweet apple to onion .
32	meaning oven slipper ) is a kind of bread pudding which consist of stale white bread spiced with sugar , vanilla and cinnamon , which is layered in a casserole dish with apple , raisin and almond biscuits and then soaked in a cream-egg-mixture before being baked in the oven .
35	iphone hacking brocious , under the pseudonym daeken , joined with a group of other hackers to reverse engineer the iphone , granting users the ability to use their phones in ways not intended by apple .
0	apple thinning : before ( at left ) after ( at right ) sugar beet thinning thinning is a term used in agricultural sciences to mean the removal of some plant , or parts of plants , to make room for the growth of others .
6	on september 18 , 2002 , apple bundled a similar program , sherlock 3 , with mac os x v10.2 .
7	a version was also released for the apple macintosh , compatible with computers running the '' classic '' mac os from the system 6 version up to mac os 9 .
9	with the release of ios 7 in 2013 from apple flat design reached new levels of popularity .
40	he won the 2009 presidents award for research at the hong kong polytechnic university awards sizechina won four major international design awards in 2008 : idea/businessweek gold medal - research category , idea/businessweek - best in show ( co-winner with apple iphone ) , fortune magazine ( china ) - china 's most successful design award , design for asia award - grand prize .
40	based on the experiences of directing able edwards , robertson went on to write the book , desktop cinema : feature filmmaking on the home computer , a step-by-step account into how one would make their own feature film on apple 's macintosh computer .
23	they are , however , suitable for making liqueur , as well as marmalade and preserves , as they contain more pectin than apple and true quince .
9	in 2014 , word lens was featured in the apple ad for iphone 5s .
0	apple releases the ipad with an e-book app called ibooks .
16	9rules is currently made up of over 30 communities divided by topics such as gaming , apple , web design and web 2.0 .
5	developer of mobile advertising for apple will now be 70 % of advertising revenue .
11	her album hypnotized was the most downloaded house dance album on apple 's itunes music store in june 2005 .
30	the ball a st columb ball , 1995 the ball for hurling is made of sterling silver which is hammered into two hemispheres and then bound around a core of apple which is held together with a band of silver .
24	sooty blotch and flyspeck ( sbfs ) is a disease caused by a complex of saprophytic fungi that colonize the epicuticular wax layer of apple ( malus x domestica borkh .
5	it is also possible that apple and apricot were imported on a small scale , and by greco-roman times quince , pear , plum , peach , filbert , walnut , pine nut , and pistachio were introduced .
16	the upper midwest , a prime fruit - growing region , sees the extensive use of apple , blueberries , cranberries , cherries , peach and other cold-climate fruit in its cuisine .
0	apple groves foster the production of the traditional alcoholic drink , a natural cider ( sidra ) .
16	the taste is difficult to compare , but it has been likened to a mix of apple , pear , grape , and citrus family fruits .
20	the vtc was an early innovative social computing project that developed a software program , cabinet , which ran on apple macs and allowed users to create , develop , manage and comment on virtual museum collections .
19	the coyote feeds on a variety of different fruit , including blackberries , blueberries , peach , pear , apple , prickly pears , chapote , persimmon , and peanut .
28	both caesalpino and ray used traditional plant names and thus , the name of a plant did not reflect its taxonomic position ( e.g. , even though the apple and the peach belonged to different '' higher genera '' of john ray 's methodus , both retained their traditional names malus and malus persica respectively ) .
7	the first hp laserjet and the first apple laserwriter used the same print engine , the canon cx engine .
8	crops that traditionally have had managed pollination include apple , almond , pear , some plum and cherry varieties , blueberries , cranberries , cucumber , cantaloupe , watermelon , alfalfa seeds , onion seeds , and many others .
23	it was later renamed '' power3 '' , probably to distinguish it from the more consumer oriented '' powerpc '' processors used by apple .
13	lillian vernon re-established itself post-bankruptcy , expanding its internet presence through facebook and apple 's itunes marketplace .
12	the song gained popularity in the united states following its use by apple in an advertisement for their macbook air laptop .
27	while meat was the main component of the upper-class diet , they occasionally took vegetables such as turnip , carrot , and radish and fruit such as apple , plum , and woodland strawberries .
13	depending on the student 's major , a student will receive either an apple macbook pro or a lenovo thinkpad to work with .
4	homer regrets selling his apple stock for a bowling ball , and becomes increasingly irritated that mr. burns is gloating about buying homer 's stock with successful results .
15	iphoto does not , however , provide the comprehensive editing functionality of programs such as apple 's own aperture , or adobe 's photoshop ( not to be confused with photoshop elements or album ) , or gimp .
20	on april 22 , 2010 , casamassina announced on his blog that he would be leaving ign to work for apple .
13	software and hardware ryan then co-founded third street software , a commodore and apple software development company that did contract software development for sequential circuits , syntech , and sonus , including the first multitimbral sequencing software for sequential 's 600-series synthesizer .
25	under the pseudonym '' fake steve jobs , '' he also wrote the secret diary of steve jobs , a popular blog and parody of apple ceo steve jobs .
19	during this time , john traveled to silicon valley and gave a demonstration of the program to engineers at apple and russell brown , art director at adobe .
12	as for micropayments , they appear to have finally become feasible via apple 's itunes store .
6	the 604 was used extensively in apple 's high-end systems and was also used in macintosh clone , ibm 's low-end rs/6000 servers and workstations , amiga accelerator boards , and as an embedded cpu for telecom applications .
0	apple were introduced following the arrival of foreign horticulturists and are now widely enjoyed .
29	in 2005 , north korea was ranked by the fao as an estimated 10th in the production of fresh fruit and as an estimated 19th in the production of apple .
4	its main products include apple , peach and vegetable .
32	dessert versions of the dumpling can be stuffed with a fresh fruit filling , such as cherry , strawberry , saskatoon berry , raspberry , blueberry , peach , plum , or apple ; stoned prune are sometimes used as well as jam or sweetened curd .
18	the jellies are manufactured in circular , half-moon , teardrop and diamond shapes and are flavored lemon , apple , strawberry , orange , blackcurrant and pear .
26	t-mobile usa launched in 2010 an ad campaign for the t-mobile 4g product , which features model/actress carly foulkes as a 4g phone going up against apple 's iphone 4 which at the time was exclusively on competitor at & t mobility .
10	beignet are also very famous and are commonly prepared with apple and served with vanilla sauce .
5	esopus spitzenburg is an antique apple .
6	the town is the center of apple production in western australia .
4	crop-specific symptoms include ; apple - interacting with calcium , may display as '' water core '' , internal areas appearing frozen beetroot - rough , canker patches on roots , internal brown rot .
2	disney and apple are not members .
22	it contains zorlu center psm , the largest performing arts center in the country , as well as the country 's first apple store .
32	odalengo piccolo is known for the truffle fair tufo & tartufo , which has been held during the autumn truffle season since 1994 , and for the wide variety of antique native apple cultivars which are grown locally .
16	technology industry pittsburgh has established itself as a technology hub with such companies as google , apple , intel and rand establishing campuses in the city .
4	in september 2011 , apple opened its 13th australian store in westfield hornsby .
31	william martens -- or '' bill '' -- invented the library 1.1 , a self producing web page system , and is one of the leading software library creators for the apple computer .
35	this purchase was made in part to help google gain motorola 's considerable patent portfolio on mobile phones and wireless technologies to help protect it in its ongoing patent disputes with other companies , mainly apple and microsoft and to allow it to continue to freely offer android .
7	the font is also apparently licensed to apple , who announced on october 16 , 2007 that their flagship operating system , mac os x v10.5 ( '' leopard '' ) , would be bundled with arial unicode .
10	mott 's is a american company involved primarily in producing apple - based products , particularly juice and sauce .
14	words : laṛkā '' boy '' , kuā̃ '' well '' , seb '' apple '' , vālid '' father '' , chāqū '' penknife '' , ādmī '' man '' , mitra '' friend '' , laṛkī '' girl '' , ciṛiyā '' finch '' , kitāb '' book '' , aurat '' woman '' .
8	brief sales ban on 29 june 2012 , apple was granted a request for a pre-trial injunction against the import and sale to the u.s. of galaxy nexus by samsung .
10	another revamped sequel , rally-x rumble , was released on apple 's ios platform on august 17 , 2011 .
17	it is prevalent in the southern united states and elsewhere , and damages the leaves of infected apple trees .
7	they were traditionally cooked with bits of apple ( æble ) or applesauce inside but these ingredients are very rarely included in modern danish forms of the dish .
10	the predominant fruits grown in the area are cherries , apple , and strawberries but raspberries , gooseberries , currant , blackberries , apricot , peach , pear , and plum are also cultivated .
31	by 2006 , the retailer set out to compete with victoria 's secret with the help from frog design , a product design and branding firm best known for working with apple .
15	software packages are downloaded directly to an ios device , to the same location as apple 's pre-installed applications , the / applications directory .
3	formative pruning of apple ( malus pumila ) and pear ( pyrus communis ) trees should be carried out in the dormant winter months .
11	but lately some farmers try other crops such as grape , apple , pistacio and olive .
10	others point out that while there are some similarities to apple , the ability to customize the software based upon user preferences sets xiaomi apart .
7	symbolic foods rosh hashanah meals usually include apple and honey , to symbolize a sweet new year .
15	popular picture organizers include google 's picasa , digikam , adobe systems 's elements , apple 's iphoto , phase one 's media pro 1 and novell 's f-spot .
12	currently there is strong competition between the webkit layout engine used in apple safari and google chrome , the similar khtml engine used in kde 's konqueror browser and mozilla 's gecko layout engine used in firefox -- each of them is leading in different aspects of css .
9	although the shakers are gone , some of their apple orchard and blueberry fields are still yielding fruit , the sale of which helps support the york county shelter .
2	career the apple hardware engineer turned wireless networking entrepreneur went out on his own in 2005 with the goal of bringing affordable internet access to the world 's emerging markets .
5	'' chen also joked about apple 's recent '' bendgate '' incident during the presentation , remarking that unlike the iphone 6 , '' bending ( the passport ) needs a little effort .
4	favored crops may include apple , oat and corn .
13	the caterpillars feed on orange fruit and other types of citrus fruit , apple and maize .
21	aside from co-founding purple moon , she has served as an interaction design consultant for multiple companies including sony pictures , apple , and citibank .
11	the people here also grow wheat , tomato , potato , apple , pear , apricot etc. gallery image : bagrote valley 5 .
0	apple and bunches of grape occur very frequently , other fruits less so .
0	apple subsequently developed a new protocol appleshare ip which is not backwardly compatible .
32	prism gathers communications data on foreign targets from nine major u.s. internet-based communication service providers : microsoft , yahoo , google , facebook , paltalk , aol , skype , youtube and apple .
15	they may be parasites ( including on humans ) , or saprophytic ( including on apple ) .
8	dick boushey dick boushey , a cherry and apple grower first planted boushey vineyard with cabernet sauvignon and merlot in 1980 -- three years before the yakima valley was recognized as an american viticultural area .
0	apple historically were an important crop .
23	acu connected : mobile learning initiative on february 26 , 2008 , acu announced that all incoming freshman classes would receive a free apple iphone or an ipod touch .
7	the appearance manager was originally developed for apple 's failed copland project , but with the cancellation of this project the system was moved into newer versions of the mac os , notably bundled with mac os 8 and 9 .
7	pixlet is a video codec created by apple and based on wavelet , designed to enable viewing of full resolution , hd movies in real time at low dv data rates .
9	industries it is primarily an agricultural area with many apple orchards and vineyards , and market gardens , growing strawberries , cabbages , rhubarb and lettuce are also amongst the primary produce .
6	his commercial clients include adidas , apple , corona , reef , and patagonia .
2	there are apple and peach orchards .
5	a significant portion of washington apple and cherries are grown in the valley , as well as most ( 75 % ) of the united states 's hops .
15	this dng workflow is used today by the network to receive material worldwide using an apple macbook pro , various prosumer and professional digital cameras , software from streambox inc. , and bgan terminals from hughes network systems .
13	doctor who : the mazes of time is a video game for the apple ios platform based on the bbc tv series doctor who .
18	butterfield had a modern computer laboratory with 33 thin-client pcs , and a portable laptop laboratory with 16 apple macintosh ibooks. the title i class/lab had six pcs for individualized student instruction under teacher supervision .
7	they may incorporate slices of bacon , apple , cheese , or raisins .
23	boris red is an integrated 3d compositing , titling , and effects application that works with the adobe creative suite , avid , apple , grass valley , media 100 and sony editing systems .
0	apple extract .
16	in culture waldorf salad the classic waldorf salad the waldorf salad -- a salad made with apple , walnut , celery , grapes , and mayonnaise or a mayonnaise-based dressing -- was first created in 1896 at the waldorf in new york city .
32	one serving based on the original recipe consists approximately of : 1 tablespoon rolled oats , soaked in 2 -- 3 tablespoons water 1 tablespoon lemon juice 1 tablespoon cream 200 gram apple ( about one large , preferably a sour variety ) , finely grated and mixed with the above directly before serving optionally topped with 1 tablespoon ground hazelnut or almond the original recipe used sweetened condensed milk instead of cream , a compromise due to hygiene concerns regarding fresh milk products in 1900 ( bovine tuberculosis etc. ) , before pasteurisation and refrigeration became commonly available .
14	lx86 was based on the quicktransit dynamic translator from transitive , the same that apple uses for its rosetta emulation layer that enables mac os x to run unmodified powerpc binaries on their intel-based macintoshes .
6	it is available for linux , apple os x , unix and microsoft windows .
23	current abs computer technologies ( parent : newegg ) ace computers acer packard bell gateway acorn computers aigo aleutia amax information technologies aopen apple asrock asus axioo international belinea benq biostar bms technology chassis plans chip pc ciara clevo sager notebook computers concurrent technologies cray compal cooler master cyberpowerpc dell alienware wyse technology dfi digital storm elitegroup computer systems ( ecs ) evans & sutherland everex evga falcon northwest fic fleet gaming fujitsu lifebook foxconn gigabyte gradiente groupe bull hardcore computer hasee hewlett-packard ( hp ) compaq hcl hitachi htc hyundai ibm intel inventec in-win itautec igel janus jetta international kohjinsha kontron ag lanix lanner electronics lanslide gaming pcs lenovo medion lg liteon maingear maxdata mdg computers meebox mesh computers micron microsoft micro-star international ( msi ) micro center mitac motion computing motorola mountain ncomputing ncr nec olidata olivetti oracle origin pc panasonic plaisio posiflex positivo informática psychsoftpc .
3	later bought by apple and distributed for free , at least in part to settle a class-action lawsuit brought by customers who demanded to know why their 32-bit 68020 microprocessors could not access more than 8 megabytes of ram .
5	webkit project was started within apple by don melton on 25 june 2001 as a fork of khtml .
8	) , walnut ( juglans regia ) , apple ( malus domestica ) , pine ( pinus spp .
3	it also supported apple 's game sprockets .
9	this partnership was similar to content deals announced by apple and microsoft .
3	examples are : apple , nike and harley davidson .
40	as of april 2011 , enlace is one of nine channels that are featured with live real-time webcasts on the tbn mobile app , developed by trinet internet solutions , inc. , and available for free on itunes for the apple ipad , iphone and ipod touch .
2	fruits include apple , cherries , cherimoya , peach , and pear .
8	the fruit grow as small , showy , apple - like , red pome , ripening in september to october , and enduring into the winter .
6	powerbox systems have been implemented in apple mac os x lion .
11	the man 's face is largely obscured by a hover green apple .
5	in fruit such as the apple , cranberry and quince , it is referred to as black rot , and in twigs and trunks it causes canker .
13	it later rebounded into the top 50 due to being featured on the apple macbook air commercials , but nonetheless the song spent a total of 19 weeks on the chart .
17	the fact that it was n't a '' clone '' of similar 8-bit systems ( like the apple , the trs-80 or even the sinclair spectrum ) certainly did not contributed to its popularity .
16	other modern variations include scattering fresh or dried grape between the layers of bread , melting apple into the egg-milk mixture , and using unusual types of breads -- such as brioche -- to make it .
32	hyperlinks in other document technologies hyperlinks are used in the gopher protocol , text editor , pdf documents , help systems such as windows help , word processing documents , spreadsheets , apple 's hypercard and many other places .
0	apple senior vice president of design jonathan ive kbe was raised in chingford .
46	the entrepreneurs featured in something ventured are gordon moore ( co-founder of intel ) , jimmy treybig ( founder of tandem ) , nolan bushnell ( founder of atari ) , dr. herbert boyer ( co-founder of genentech ) , mike markkula ( second president/ceo of apple ) , sandy lerner ( co-founder of cisco ) , john morgridge ( early ceo of cisco ) , and robert campbell ( founder of what would become powerpoint ) .
11	as of 1953 , the town comprised about 300 acre of apple and peach orchards , a fruit packing warehouse , and a grocery store with a population of about 20 families living in azwell year-round .
16	it has recently been shown to be the sole ancestor of most cultivar of the domesticated apple ( malus domestica ) .
16	his most famous advertisement was 1984 ( 1984 ) , directed by ridley scott , for apple .
13	some implementations of open firmware can also load elf files , most notably apple 's implementation used in almost all powerpc machines the company produced .
5	funding key investors include former apple european ceo , pascal cagny , former bbc director-general john birt , co-founder of games workshop and life president of eidos , ian livingstone , and chairman of retail group kingfisher and former chief executive officer of carrefour , daniel bernard .
0	apple 's itunes store formerly operated a model in which purchases can only be made in a domain where the users ' means of payment is registered .
62	the '' haft chin '' items are : haft-sin the haft sīn items are : sabzeh -- wheat , barley or lentil sprouts growing in a dish -- symbolizing rebirth samanu -- a sweet pudding made from germinated wheat -- symbolizing affluence senjed -- the dried fruit of the oleaster tree -- symbolizing love sīr -- garlic -- symbolizing medicine sīb -- apple -- symbolizing beauty and health somaq -- sumac berries -- symbolizing ( the color of ) sunrise serkeh -- vinegar -- symbolizing age and patience .
1	many apple , and cherry orchards grow in erickson , british columbia , an unincorporated area outside of creston , and the valley is also an important dairy center .
20	this information is collected from all around the internet , such as by popular services like facebook , google , apple , spotify or gps systems .
45	the mouse - like pointing device used with some graphics tablet and with digitizer hardware for cad or desktop publishing software is also called a puck , and '' hockey puck '' is a nickname for the small , round mouse included with the original apple imac .
13	rogers introduced service on the gsm wireless network in 2002 , and brought apple 's iphone to canada in 2008 .
22	arboretum ( 5 hectares ) - more than 1000 taxa of woody plants , including the pomarium ( a collection of swabia apple varieties ) .
25	another release of tootsie roll pops , named tropical stormz , features six swirl-textured flavors : orange pineapple , lemon lime , strawberry banana , apple blueberry , citrus punch , and berry berry punch .
15	products and services on october 19 , 2011 , c spire announced plans to sell apple 's iphone 4 and the iphone 4s on its website .
10	a few of more common flavorings used were ginger , apple and sweet sorghum .
31	11 ) states that it was cut twice , and afterwards was good keep for sheep , and berossus remarked that wheat , sesame , barley , ophrys , palm , apple and many kinds of shelled fruit grew wild , as wheat still does in the neighborhood of anah .
10	it can also be found in other fruits such as apple and plum , and in red cabbage and red onion .
8	it is available for ms ) windows and apple ) mac os x .
26	although basic rösti consists of nothing but potato , a number of additional ingredients are sometimes added , such as bacon , onion , cheese , apple or fresh herb .
11	over time perennials and small trees began to be domesticated including apple and olive .
7	one example mcnealy has given involved the apple ipod .
9	bootcd is a tool for making bootable cd with apple 's operating system mac os x with a working finder and dock .
24	pear - introduced may 2003 , discontinued february 2008 clementine - introduced february 2004 blueberry - introduced april 2004 pomegranate - introduced march 2005 apple - introduced april 2006 cranberry - introduced november 2006 , discontinued december 2006 , only available at starbucks .
16	american cell phone service provider sprint nextel reportedly pays $ 20 billion for exclusive rights to apple 's next mobile phone .
4	implementations ; accelerate : apple 's framework for mac os x and ios , which includes tuned versions of blas and lapack .
14	this service is only open to users in england and is not compatible with apple iphone handsets .
7	she brought in advertisers including visa and apple to sponsor both the spot and additional pieces through via banner ad and product placement .
6	several witnesses reported that hundreds of apple seemingly fell out of the sky landing on the ground , and several cars , below .
12	mouse practice was created using macromind director and released in 1992 by apple for the macintosh computer platform .
4	a waldorf salad : apple , celery , walnut and grapes , dressed in mayonnaise .
3	desktop computers from apple and ibm had been steadily gaining speed and power and in 1987 they became more powerful than the more expensive lisp machines made by symbolics and others .
10	the open data-link interface ( odi ) , developed by apple and novell , serves the same function as microsoft and 3com 's network driver interface specification ( ndis ) .
5	on 28 april 2008 , apple announced an updated imac line featuring an 8800 gs .
7	products in the caldera include fruits ( apple , grapes , quince fruit , pomegranate , fig , peach and tomato ) and vegetables ( bean , corn , potato , yam , manioc , and peppers ) for local consumption and commercial production .
31	its name comes from the fact that the central dialogue is that of aristotle , who lectures about immortality as he is dying , periodically revived and energized by smelling an apple .
31	many plants which do well at winnipeg ( where constant cold maintains dormancy all winter ) are difficult to grow in the alberta chinook belt ; examples include basswood , some apple , raspberry and saskatoon varieties , and amur maple .
11	the strip is created in bbedit and fireworks mx on an apple imac .
10	the high school maintains four separate computer labs holding both apple and pc computers .
30	as part of the deal , 882 patents owned by novell are planned to be sold to cptn holdings llc , a consortium of companies led by microsoft and including apple , emc , and oracle .
5	in the late 1980s , apple computer began giving away hypercard .
10	a waldorf salad is a salad generally made of fresh apple , celery and walnut , dressed in mayonnaise , and usually served on a bed of lettuce as an appetizer or a light meal .
9	maple , alder , and fruit woods such as apple , pear , and cherry impart a milder , sweeter taste .
9	every house has its own garden and orchard : apple , pear , peach , cherry , plum , ... and recently kiwis or feijoas ( pineapple guava ) .
21	history soundjam mp , developed by bill kincaid and released by casady & greene in 1999 , was renamed itunes when apple purchased it in 2000 .
2	backers included apple co-founder steve wozniak and kickstarter co-founder yancey strickler , who pre-ordered the kit .
6	well known for its cherry and apple orchard , the door peninsula is a popular tourism destination .
24	many recipes continue to include suet , venison , minced beef sirloin or minced heart , along with dried fruit , spices , chopped apple , and fresh citrus peel , zante currants , candied fruits , citron , and brandy , rum , or other liquor .
22	the higher than average number of days of sunshine make ideal conditions for the growing of tomato , sunflower , tobacco , apple , and other fruit such as plum -- for which the county is famous , being eaten fresh , dried into prunes ( some made into lekvar ) and fermented into well-known brandies .
22	nico-n ingredients include chinese quince , dried orange peel , mulberry leaf , green tea , ginkgo nut , liquorice root , apple , platycodon , lemon , celery and chinese matrimony vine .
20	adaptations to new technology in october 2010 , random house of canada introduced the '' conversation starters '' application for apple 's iphone and ipad .
0	apple later released its own game center which replaced jujuplay .
10	in 2009 , entrepreneur magazine favorably compared veritas prep to apple and google .
0	apple released rosetta in 2006 when it transitioned the macintosh platform from the powerpc to intel processor instruction set architecture .
11	core data is an object graph and persistence framework provided by apple in the mac os x and ios operating system .
6	plagido also makes fruit wine from apple , blackberries , blueberries , and cranberries .
30	resources the part of the county in the annapolis valley comprises the agricultural heartland of the province and contains over 600 farm ; the area produces fruit crops , primarily apple .
26	intel and microsoft built their first overseas research and development centers in israel , and other high-tech multi-national corporations , such as ibm , google , apple , hp , cisco systems , and motorola , have opened r & d facilities in the country .
49	although sarin 's point has been true traditionally , as the article points out there are several new threats to that exclusivity such as traditional credit card , obopay , paypal mobile , and existing media companies like google via the android platform , yahoo via go , and apple via iphone .
43	among the additional flavors are strawberry lemonade chill , citrus slush , cherry splash , blue raspberry rush kiwi , banana , plum , blueberry , passion fruit , blackberry , raspberry , strawberry-banana , mango , melon , tropical punch , green apple , blue raspberry , watermelon , mixed berries & cream , peaches & cream , orange cream , and strawberry & cream .
8	the video for the song was released to apple 's itunes store on february 2 , 2010 and a new version was issued on september 14 , 2010 .
12	in version 6 of easyshare software , the bonjour software component from apple is installed for remote service discovery , but serves no useful purpose for older models ; it can be removed using '' remove programs '' without impeding functionality .
12	tektrak is a mobile application created by tektrak , inc. for the apple ios and android operating systems .
6	the haralson is a cultivar of apple that is medium-sized and has a round-conic shape .
8	touch pets : dogs was a game for apple 's iphone .
8	she was able to turn the kids into apple , but the students managed to make her accidentally turn herself into one ; she was then eaten by louis .
22	'' in the short film '' banana , '' the minions are revealed to have an uncontrollable craving for fruits , especially apple and banana ( and particularly the latter ) .
7	fruit trees in orchard produce cherries , apple , plum , peach and pear , while native wild grape vines , and blackberry bushes are also found in the valley .
11	ksts was also the only station to broadcast the introduction of apple 's macintosh personal computer at the company 's 1984 annual shareholders meeting .
16	the player takes on the role of a hungry snake , who must eat all the apple in each level , whilst avoiding the hazards .
12	popularity show of hands has been downloaded over 300,000 times across the apple and android app stores .
32	in a court case accusing microsoft of being a monopoly , linux and open source software was introduced in court to prove that microsoft had valid competitors and was grouped in with apple .
10	time machine is a backup software application distributed with the apple os x computer operating system .
4	flavors include cherry and apple ( us mainland ) , taro ( hawaii ) , and green bean ( china ) .
7	' belle de boskoop ' is an apple cultivar which , as its name suggests , originated in boskoop , the netherlands where it began as a chance seedling in 1856 .
18	the show 's title is based on the rumor of isaac newton sitting under a tree and an apple falling near him -- or , more popularly , on his head -- prompting him to ponder what makes things fall , leading to the development of his theory of gravitation ( an event often loosely described as him '' discovering '' gravity ) .
9	the larvae feed on birch , tilia , and apple .
12	in november 2009 , a u.s. federal district court ruled psystar violated apple 's copyrights in doing so .
16	it is now hosted ( and largely developed ) by creative technology with on-going support from apple , blue ripple sound , and free software , open-source enthusiasts .
6	in 2001 , hcps began distributing apple ibook to every high school student .
33	medavoy himself leaves his wife , recognizing that she is holding him back , but it is too late to save his relationship with donna , who leaves to take a job with apple in california .
22	nearly half of the dried fruits sold are raisin , followed by dates , prune , fig , apricot , peach , apple and pear .
15	at his passing , the horse was buried at meadow lands farm under his favorite apple tree near the paddock that had been his home for seventeen years .
7	hub network also made a parody of apple 's - oriented app store , which included the phrase , '' there 's a pony for that .
12	archy in large part builds on raskin 's earlier work with the apple macintosh , canon cat , swyftware , and ken perlin 's pad zui system .
27	economy the province is characterized by a thriving agriculture , particularly the cultivation of wheat , maize , rice and sugar beet as well as grape , apple , pear , peach , tomato and vegetable .
89	implementations amd amd64 and direct connect architecture based cpus sibyte mips cpus from broadcom pmc-sierra rm9000x2 mips cpu raza thread processors loongson -3 mips processor ht tunnel from opencores project ( mpl licence ) ati radeon xpress 200 for amd processor nvidia nforce chipsets nforce professional mcps ( media and communication processor ) nforce 4 series nforce 500 series nforce 600 series nforce 700 series serverworks ( now broadcom ) hypertransport systemi/o controllers ht-2000 ht-2100 the ibm cpc925 and cpc945 powerpc 970 northbridges , as co-designed and used by apple in the power mac g5 several open source cores from the hypertransport center of excellence cisco quantumflow processors frequency specifications amd athlon 64 , athlon 64 fx , athlon 64 x2 , athlon x2 , athlon ii , phenom , phenom ii , sempron , turion series and later use one 16-bit hypertransport link .
24	farmer found the soil to be loamy and productive , yielding great quantitites of hay , corn , wheat , potato , oat and apple .
9	common diprotic acids include malic acid , found in apple and cherries , and tartaric acid , found in grape and pineapple .
37	these , in turn , have been incorporated in whole or in part in modern proprietary operating systems , e.g. the tcp/ip ( ipv4 only ) networking code in microsoft windows and most of the foundation of apple 's os x and ios .
12	the climate is maritime , and many private gardens have plum and apple trees even here at a latitude of 65 ° n. history this area was early settled , and there are several prehistoric burial mounds .
9	cornelian cherries , figs , pear , peach and apple sold at a market in yerevan are among a few of armenian agricultural products fertile volcanic soils allow cultivation of wheat and barley , as well as pasturage for sheep , goat , and horse .
21	a view of huonville , sometime between 1900-1949 today the huon valley is best known as one of tasmania 's primary apple growing areas .
23	woo-young kwak , head of lg mobile handset r & d center , said at a press conference , '' we consider that apple copied the prada phone after the design was unveiled when it was presented in the if design award and won the prize in september 2006 .
7	weld was noted for numerous and prolific apple orchard .
45	they released 4 singles from the album - colours ( which featured on a fifa game ) , tongue tied ( which went on to score the band a no. 1 on the us alternative chart and featured in several commercials ( including one for apple , and one for coca-cola ) and an episode of fox 's glee ) lovely cup and itchin on a photograph .
6	berentzen apfelkorn apfelkorn is a sweet apple - flavored liqueur made from 100 % wheat spirit , and blended with apples .
21	in 1994 , as customer anticipation increased for microsoft 's new version of windows ( codenamed '' chicago '' ) , apple announced a set of upgrades to its own system 7 operating system that were not due to be released until two years later .
8	a user can send the information directly to apple if the user desires .
4	orchard farming , particularly apple growing plays an important role , with 4.4 km ² of land devoted to orcharding .
38	examples of de facto standards that were not approved by any standards organizations ( or at least not approved until after they were in widespread de facto use ) include the hayes command set developed by hayes , apple 's truetype font design and the pcl protocol used by hewlett-packard in the computer printer they produced .
6	he also developed a friendship with apple 's steve jobs and produced the black turtlenecks which would become a part of jobs ' signature attire .
27	notable examples include : linkedin : the serious network 6 reasons why apis are reshaping your business facebook : the perfect startup amazon.com : the hidden empire apple : 8 easy steps to beat microsoft ( and google ) why could google die ... maybe not now , but tomorrow excubation the company operates with a startup mindset , launching prototypes with lean budgets and skeleton crews , and later expanding resources to accommodate growth .
5	in the original , an apple obscures the face .
0	apple have the highest chilling requirements of all fruit trees , followed by apricot and , lastly , peach .
25	super ox wars is an arcade vertical-scrolling shooter game for ios devices developed by jeff minter and ivan zorzin of llamasoft and published via the apple app store .
34	on august 9 , 2010 , ellison denounced hewlett-packard 's board for firing ceo mark hurd , writing that '' the hp board just made the worst personnel decision since the idiots on the apple board fired steve jobs many years ago .
12	while windows machines asp fell $ 129 in these seven months , apple ( mac ) os x laptop asp declined just $ 12 from $ 1,524 to $ 1,512 .
3	its competitors were apple 's own speech recognition software ( built into mac os x ) ; dragon naturally speaking by nuance , running under windows virtualization software such as parallels desktop for mac or vmware fusion ; and the discontinued speech recognition program viavoice by nuance / ibm .
6	during this period , crops of apple , pear and alfalfa became plentiful .
10	bohrer played the role of the '' counselor '' in apple 's '' get a mac '' ad campaign .
50	eriogynia eriolobus erythrocoma exochorda f fallugia farinopsis filipendula fragaria g geum gillenia h hagenia hesperomeles heteromeles holodiscus horkelia horkeliella hulthemia ( synonym of rosa ) × hulthemosa ( hulthemia × rosa ) i ivesia k kageneckia kerria l lachemilla laurocerasus leucosidea lindleya luetkea lyonothamnus m maddenia malacomeles ×malosorbus malus an apple , species malus sylvestris domestica .
65	production of the most important crops ( according to the food and agriculture organization ) in 2006 ( in ' 000 tons ) amounted to : wheat 3301.9 ; sunflower 1196.6 ; maize 1587.8 ; grapes 266.2 ; tobacco 42.0 ; tomato 213.0 ; barley 546.3 ; potato 386.1 ; peppers 156.7 ; cucumber 61.5 ; cherries 18.2 ; watermelon 136.0 ; cabbage 72.7 ; apple 26.1 ; plum 18.0 ; strawberries 8.8 .
7	nicola is the trade name of the apple cultivar spa440 , a cross between the apples ` splendour ' and ` gala ' made at the pacific agri-food research centre ( parc ) , summerland , bc .
20	apart from ecotourism , punucapa is also known for its old tradition of chicha beverage that started with the first apple introduced by the spanish .
5	q uses cocoa and other apple technologies , such as core image and core audio , to achieve its emulation .
6	on friday march 14 , the apple iphone was launched in ireland , available on the 2 network only .
11	on june 28 , 2013 , virgin mobile usa released the apple iphone 5 , its second device taking advantage of sprint 's lte network .
20	these rely on media that are not owned by the data owner but by service provider such as google , apple , microsoft and facebook .
11	fruits fruit in the traditional cottage garden would have included an apple and a pear , for cider and perry , gooseberries and raspberries .
33	in january , 2012 the focus changed to economic development projects and the organization was rebranded as aythos , inc. projects in 2012 aythos was asked to consult for a grant to develop apple tree and kiwifruit plant farms in villages in helambu .
21	third-party support avid 's media composer 3.5.0 provides support via avid media access ( ama ) , a new plug-in architecture apple 's final cut pro 7 provides native avc-intra decoding within a prores 422 timeline .
1	in apple 's mac os x , it was available as an alternative to hfs+ , their proprietary filesystem .
16	a freshening stream satisfied the water problem and irrigated a lush peach , pear , and apple orchard .
10	jeff robbin , kincaid , and dave heller moved to apple as part of the acquisition , where they continue to work today as the software 's original developers .
6	products produced in the county include apple , pear , apricot , watermelon , and traditional chinese medicine .
6	the bump app debuted in the apple ios app store in march 2009 and was '' one of the apps that helped to define the iphone '' ( harry mccracken , technologizer ) .
25	for example , jungle juice may contain everclear , rum , gin , tequila , vodka , mixed with orange , grapefruit , grape , apple , pineapple , or other juices for flavor and to stretch the quantity of alcohol .
4	discovery is a dessert apple cultivar .
89	packaging the blue is marketed in ( angola ) in : tr glass bottles of 33cl ; cans of 33cl ; pet bottles of 50cl ; pet bottle 1.5 l. variants of the mark blue pulp - with pieces of fruit , orange and pineapple are the fruit that remain in the mouth ( launched in 2012 ) blue lemon-lime blue ( orange ) - with concentrated orange juice blue passion fruit - with passion fruit juice concentrate blue pineapple blue tamarind blue coco pineapple blue tropical strawberry blue apple blue guarana awards in 2013 , blue received a gold medal from the international competition of quality , monde selection .
16	in 1914 , the family moved to the rural community of bagdad , where they grew apple trees .
22	goatup is an arcade platform game for ios devices developed by jeff minter and ivan zorzin of llamasoft and published via the apple app store .
9	the unicode last resort font sample glyph from the apple 's last resort font .
4	the main crops are apple , grapes and european pear .
9	natural numbers can be used for counting ( one apple , two apples , three apples , ... ) in mathematics , the natural numbers ( sometimes called the whole numbers ) are those used for counting ( as in '' there are six coins on the table '' ) and ordering ( as in '' this is the third largest city in the country '' ) .
28	the president of sabre 's special projects , nellie bertram ( catherine tate ) begins to talk about the project , which encompasses creating a store to rival apple 's chain of stores , and dwight and packer start to compete to see who will become her vice president .
15	bell is the second canadian mobile carrier ( after rogers wireless ) to carry the apple iphone on november 4 , 2009 .
19	'' in december 2011 , contre jour hd received the '' ipad game of the year '' award by apple in their annual '' itunes rewind .
0	apple , google , and intel are among 1,600 technology firms generating $ 10.8 billion in annual pittsburgh payrolls , with the area serving as the long-time federal agency headquarters for cyber defense , software engineering , robotics , energy research and the nuclear navy .
18	the game being played is between the calgary flames and the los angeles kings a mobile version for apple devices was released on the app store , also on august 24 , 2010 .
1	examples apple 's itunes has been accused of being bloated as part of its efforts to turn it from a program that plays media to an e-commerce and advertising platform , with former pc world editor ed bott accusing the company of hypocrisy in its advertising attacks on windows for similar practices .
14	origin at the core of rae assist was a technology that a group of apple employees had developed under the direction of samir arora .
11	the m4v file format is a video container format developed by apple and is very similar to the mp4 format .
8	old fashioned , or heritage fruit trees including apple , quince , fig , plum , peach and pear trees are increasingly popular due to their extra flavor and nutritional qualities .
13	it has a sweet , aromatic flavor , which tastes like pineapple , apple and mint .
19	the mcintosh , mcintosh red , or colloquially the mac ( - the same as macintosh ) is an apple cultivar .
5	he once took a tasmanian apple into the federal parliament in protest against legalising the import of new zealand apples which have been banned in australia for 80 years because of bio-security risk reasons , notably the fireblight disease .
14	orchards have an important part of global agricultural production is grown mainly district : apple , cherry , plum and more .
5	voting members included 3dlabs , apple , ati , dell , ibm , intel , nvidia , sgi and sun microsystems , plus other contributing members .
6	wikinodes is an app for the apple ipad built by idea.org .
45	some have suggested stem could not achieve the economic goals intended , and others have added additional subjects or qualifiers : steam ( art ) -- some have discussed the need for product design in marketing new technologies , and point to the successes of apple , which combines technology and functionality with style .
9	initially a weak copy protection system in the 1980s apple macintosh operating system , the term '' flipping the bozo bit '' was later reused to describe a decision to ignore a person 's input .
18	in addition , in certain areas of castile and león , one can find the important production of apple , almond paste , etc. castilian-leonese cuisine is built around stews and asados , as well as a large assortment of desserts .
14	in some recipes , it may also be cooked with chopped onion and sliced apple .
8	another prominent proponent of the voucher system was apple co-founder and ceo , steve jobs , who said : some proponents of school vouchers , including the sutherland institute and many supporters of the utah voucher effort , see it as a remedy for the negative cultural impact caused by under-performing public schools , which falls disproportionately on demographic minorities .
2	dissemination gala apple branch with '' scorched '' leaves after a severe fire blight infection .
13	kahn was a key speaker at the pivotal gay rights conference on the apple campus on october 19 , 1993 .
31	variants the videocore i-based vc01 provides video and multimedia capabilities to various samsung phones , including sch-v540 , sch-v4200 , sch-v490 the videocore ii-based vc02 / processor provides video capabilities for apple 's 5th generation ipod .
13	microsoft plans to focus the xbox music service to compete more directly with apple 's itunes store , amazon mp3 , spotify , deezer and other streaming services .
31	the larger domain comprises 220 hectares , with terraced garden , english park , and about 1500 varieties of old rose , 800 varieties of pear , and 550 varieties of apple trees .
19	the graphic novel depicts the period of steve jobs ' life in the late 1980s following his exit from apple and then his later return to the company .
2	formerly an apple orchard , the vineyard was first planted in 2005 , and opened to the public in 2008 .
22	; fruits 113 plum and prunes 35 fruiting cactus 16 blackberries 13 raspberries 11 quince 11 plumcot ten cherries ten strawberries ten apple eight peach six chestnut five nectarine four grape four pear three walnut two fig one almond 69 nuts ; grains , grasses , forage nine types ; vegetables 26 types ; ornamentals 91 types burbank was criticized by scientists of his day because he did not keep the kind of careful records that are the norm in scientific research and because he was mainly interested in getting results rather than in basic research .
102	die size : 107 mm 2 ( penryn ) , 82 mm 2 ( penryn-3m ) steppings : c0 , e0 ( penryn ) m0 , r0 ( penryn-3m ) "penryn" , "penryn-3m" ( medium-voltage , 45 nm ) all models support : mmx , sse , sse2 , sse3 , ssse3 , sse4.1 , enhanced intel speedstep technology ( eist ) , intel 64 , xd bit ( an nx bit implementation ) , iamt2 ( intel active management ) , intel vt-x ( except the non-mac p7350 , p7450 ) , txt , ida ( intel dynamic acceleration ) select apple subsets of p7000 series processors support intel vt-x .
15	history founded in 1888 , stirling grew rapidly as a result of the expansion of apple growing and market gardening to satisfy the demand of the expanding city of adelaide , whose center is only 15 kilometres from stirling .
15	it was also voted by brandchannel readers as the fifth most influential global brand behind apple , google , ikea and starbucks .
14	- black cherry ( m , we , wo ) pyrus malus l. - apple ( m , we ) rosa carolina l. - pasture rose ( we ) rosa multiflora thunb .
10	the pastry the best-known strudels are apfelstrudel ( german for apple strudel ) and topfenstrudel ( with sweet soft quark cheese , in austrian german topfen ) , followed by the millirahmstrudel ( milk-cream strudel , milchrahmstrudel ) .
32	of the mobile products supporting usb 2.0 hi-speed , the actual sideloading performance usually ranges between 1-5mb / s. however , the popular blackberry mobile phones by rim and the ipods by apple distance themselves at higher performing speeds of roughly 15.7 mb/s and 9.6 mb/s , respectively .
5	the area was spotted with apple orchard throughout much of the 1800s .
43	among the floats used by adult buoy barnacles are pellets of tar , seaweed , plastic debris , driftwood , feather , cranberries , cuttlefish bone , the '' by-the-wind-sailor '' velella velella , seagrass leaves , styrofoam , seed , and even apple ; they have even been known to colonise the backs of turtle and the sea snake pelamis platurus .
24	lewis mcneely sr. and dr. larry cockerham began discussing in 2001 a desire to have a festival event in cleveland tn that centered on apple .
12	this makes the denser hardwoods such as oak , cherry , and apple more suited for camp fires , cooking fires , and smoking meat as they tend to burn hotter and longer than softwoods such as pine or cedar .
22	migration to suse in early 2007 the windsor unified school district began the migrating its computer environment from an all windows and apple computer network to a suse linux environment .
12	championship manager 2011 the championship manager 2011 game was an exclusive on apple mobile phones only. , as of september 2014 , it is the most recent championship manager game to have been released by eidos .
15	he is frequently credited as being responsible for the introduction of the rhode island greening apple as part of his merchant business and horticultural interests .
2	fruits include apple , almond , pear , apricot , peach , pistachio , dates and grapes .
10	the pome fruits of the family rosaceae , ( including apple , pear , rosehip , and saskatoon berry ) are a syncarpous fleshy fruit , a simple fruit , developing from a half-inferior ovary .
0	apple , htc , and samsung said the software was installed on their phones .
36	william s. '' bill '' kincaid ( born march 10 , 1956 ) is an american computer engineer and entrepreneur notable for creating the mp3 player soundjam mp with jeff robbin that was eventually bought by apple and renamed itunes .
9	the presence of numerous sclereids form the cores of apple and produce the gritty texture of pear .
32	when the dutch took over the area in the mid 17th century and renamed it new netherland , they similarly promoted viticulture in the area but found the area more suited for apple orchards .
17	however , it also elicited the attention of university of california , berkeley engineering student and future apple co-founder steve wozniak , who located draper while working as an engineer at kkup , a public radio station in cupertino , california .
0	apple from new england include the original varieties baldwin , lady , mother , pomme grise , porter , roxbury russet , wright , sops of wine , peck 's pleasant , titus pippin , westfield-seek-no-further , and duchess of oldenburg .
13	it is available in fruit varieties including orange , citrus , grapefruit , apple , strawberry , raspberry , pineapple , pomegranate , banana , passionfruit , lemon , hibiscus , guarana , tangerine , watermelon and grape flavors as well as tamarind .
13	economy the economy of tsuruta is heavily dependent on horticulture , especially for apple .
7	they are mostly popular with tourists with apple ( elma çayı ) , rose hip ( kuşburnu çayı ) , and linden flower ( ıhlamur çayı ) being the most popular flavors .
37	the ecosystem of devices and network elements is yet to be developed another existing challenge is the advancement of its own ecosystem , which in turn depends on equipment vendors : terminal devices manufacturers ( htc , apple , samsung , nokia , etc. ) , producers of parts of terminals ( such as qualcomm ) and vendors that manufacture network elements ( ericsson , nokia siemens networks , alcatel-lucent , huawei , etc. ) .
16	fourth place was awarded to a cuba postman named felix carbajal , despite falling ill to apple he ate from an orchard en route .
14	the company develops social games that work stand-alone on mobile phone platforms such as apple ios and android and on the internet through its website , zynga.com , and social networking websites such as facebook , google+ , and tencent qq .
36	'' kaspersky supports the idea of internet ids for critical transactions : voting in elections , online banking , interaction with official bodies , etc. kaspersky was quoted as saying : in 2012 kaspersky commented that apple is at the point where microsoft was 10 -- 12 years previously , in terms of security .
9	fruits grown in israel include avocados , banana , apple , cherries , plum , nectarine , grape , dates , strawberries , ) , persimmon , loquat ( shesek ) and pomegranate , and are eaten on a regular basis : israelis consume an average of nearly of fruit per person a year .
3	universal binary in apple parlance , an executable file or application bundle that runs natively on either powerpc or intel - manufactured ia-32 or intel 64 - based macs ; it is an implementation of the concept more generally known as a fat binary .
3	projects include helping apple design the user-interface for applelink personal edition ( which became aol ) , hp with the design of the user interface for its halo telepresence system , kaiser permanente improve its online library for physicians and nurses , sabre revolutionize its graphical user-interface design for one-third of the world 's travel agents , livescribe with the first version of its smartpen , and sap 's with sustainability-oriented enterprise software .
0	apple were an important agricultural product of the area ; and oriental powder company mills adjacent to the canal in windham manufactured nearly 25 % of the union gunpowder supply for the american civil war .
2	farmers grew apple , wheat , hay and potato .
6	the larvae feed on crataegus , apple , pear and cherry .
3	in 2007 , apple 's iphone was the first cell phone promoting this feature .
67	nearby towns west : ` utayb ( 3.5 nm ) north : yahfufah ( 3.4 nm ) , al khuraybah ( 4.0 nm ) , ma ` rabun ( 3.4 nm ) east : al ` uwayni ( 0.4 nm ) south : ` ayn al hawr ( 2.2 nm ) economy economy for this town is based on agricultural activities and the main crops are ( apple , cherry , pear , peach and apricot ) .
6	the ' summerfree ' is an apple cultivar first developed in italy in the 1990s by crossing ' pri 1956-6 ' and ' ed gould golden ' apples .
24	after the nes version , the game was subsequently released for atari st and msx in 1987 , and amiga , dos , and apple in 1989 .
18	world wide web browser software , such as microsoft 's internet explorer , mozilla firefox , opera , apple 's safari , and google chrome , lets users navigate from one web page to another via hyperlinks embedded in the documents .
14	commercials wme 's commercials division helps partner clients with notable brands like at&t , apple , dior , samsung , gucci , mercedes , pepsi and absolut vodka .
36	pennsylvania ranks fourth in the united states in dairy production , fourth in horticulture retail sales , first in agaricus mushroom production ( 62 % of u.s. output during 2011 -- 12 ) , fourth in apple production , fourth in grape production , and seventh in winemaking .
20	outside of the theme parks , a complete overhaul of disney store was planned in 2009 with the help of apple 's steve jobs .
7	also , typical christmas treats have been apple , mandarin orange and gingerbread .
36	a demo at google i/o 2012 showed samsung galaxy nexus and nexus&nbsp;7 users connecting to the nexus q over wifi and selecting music and video to be played by the q. this functionality is similar to apple 's airplay technology , however , unlike airplay , where content is streamed directly from the controlling device , an android device merely tells the q what content to play , and then the content is streamed directly from google play to the q over the internet .
2	orchard yielded apple and other fruit .
14	the transition concluded in late june , just prior to the rollout of the apple iphone .
4	pinova is a german apple cultivar .
27	the community was founded in 1895 and it was named for pomona , the roman goddess of fruit trees ; this area was a major producer of apple .
4	installers were provided for apple 's mac os x , microsoft 's windows , and linux .
15	the royal treasure ( mostly very valuable objects of art , the royal scepter , apple and sword , the globe of ladislaus of jagiello known as astrolabium etc. ) and many other important objects she has taken with her were deposited in pressburg castle and guarded by the royal burgrave john bornemisza .
29	sony 's bravia series hdtv accessories in april 2007 , sony launched the bravia tdm-ip1 , a docking cradle to permit playback of audio and video hosted on an apple ipod on a bravia model television .
12	taste can vary depending on soil conditions , and the tastes of apple , pineapple , and banana together is also common .
27	it develops and offers tools and libraries for software developers on a variety of development platforms , including embarcadero delphi , microsoft .net , mono , and apple 's xcode .
9	it also contains : a recipe entitled '' of apple with black skin and white flesh : to fill the stomach with greed unto death '' .
4	in the mid-1980s , apple considered buying xerox ; however , a deal was never reached .
42	aside from these two primary crops , the region produces a wide variety of products which include barley , corn , flax , grape , potato , rice , sugar beet , sunflower , tobacco , apricot , pear , plum , apple , cherries , pomegranate , melon , dates , fig , sesame , pistachio , and nuts .
14	he became a farmer in elgin county in 1935 , specializing in tobacco and apple .
10	iframe logo iframe is a digital video format developed by apple .
29	jef raskin ( march 9 , 1943 -- february 26 , 2005 ) was an american human–computer interface expert best known for conceiving and starting the macintosh project for apple in the late 1970s .
3	as well as apple 's ios 5 video '' get some '' was used in a victoria 's secret commercial .
23	arborvitae and red cedar are the favored host trees of the evergreen bagworm , but cypress , juniper , pine , spruce , apple , birch , black locust , elm , maple , poplar , oak , sycamore , willow , and over 100 other species are also attacked .
9	up until the 2005 -- 2006 school year , apple computers were used exclusively .
25	do , backtweets by backtype ( sold to twitter ) , betable , blip.tv , brightroll , chomp ( search engine ) ( sold to apple ) , commerce sciences , crowdflower , curebit , deliciious brands , doubledutch , dynamic yield , euclid analytics , everyme , factual , flowtown ( sold to demandforce which was sold to intuit ) , founders fund ii , founders fund iii , founders fund iv , hackpad , huddler , influitive , kaggle , klout , kontagent , labpixies ( sold to google ) , logik systems , meebo ( sold to google ) , merchantcircle ( sold to reply.com ) , mesmotv ( sold to gsn ) , mob .
8	the most frequently stocked flavor in bars is apple .
8	they also have mobile versions of livegonzo.com for apple products , blackberry and android ; and they are broadcasting each of the live shows on iphone , ipad , ipod , blackberry and android phones .
15	tony fadell ( coe : bse compe 1991 ) -- '' father '' of the apple ipod .
11	blenheim orange ( dempster 's pippin ) is a cultivar of apple .
10	the song appeared in a 2006 television commercial for the apple ipod shuffle .
23	early promoters of the festival intended for the event to recognize the scenic beauty of the valley and the historic background of the apple growing industry , as well as to provide an opportunity to foster and develop local cultural talent through participation in festival events .
16	the remedy for shingles comprised a potion using the bark of 15 trees : aspen , apple , maple , elder , willow , sallow , myrtle , wych-elm , oak , blackthorn , birch , olive , dogwood , ash , and quickbeam .
3	creston is an apple cultivar .
14	a considerable portion of new jersey wine sales are non-grape fruit wine , particularly apple , blueberry , raspberry , and cranberry wines .
34	the term dolma describes any vegetable or fruit stuffed with rice or a rice-and meat mixture : grape vine leaves , cabbage leaves , spinach , eggplant , sweet pepper , tomatoes , even apple and quince .
22	united states corporations that fall into the category of '' big business '' include exxonmobil , wal-mart , google , microsoft , apple , general electric , general motors , citigroup , goldman sachs and jpmorgan chase .
31	some of the fresh produce that can be identified in this photo include : tomatoe , lettuce , spinach , banana , cherries , watermelon , melon , red and yellow apple , cucumber , garlic , apricot , grape , lemon , pear , bean , strange fruit , peach laiki agora ( λαϊκή αγορά , greek for people 's market ) , also common in the plural laikes agores ( λαϊκές αγορές , people 's markets ) , are street market that operate all over greece , selling foodstuffs and gardening or household equipment , as well as children toys and various '' do it yourself '' tools .
6	cedarvale also makes fruit wine from apple , blueberries , nectarine , and strawberries .
19	in january 2007 , the first season of star trek : the original series became available for download from apple 's itunes store .
2	cocoa is apple 's native object-oriented application programming interface ( api ) for the os x operating system .
16	monmouth was considered one of the best agricultural towns in the state , producing hay , apple and potato , in addition to beef cattle and dairy products .
14	these are iconic images of the young steve jobs in the early days of apple 's success and one was chosen by walter isaacson for the cover of his biography that was released in october 2011 .
20	clarus the dogcow the dogcow , also known as clarus the dogcow , is a bitmap image first introduced by apple .
24	the first meeting of the group had 15 people at it and within a year , the group had grown to a couple thousand apple computer fans .
6	ios pocket planes is integrated with apple 's social gaming network game center on ios .
18	some gaming websites e.g. pocket gamer link n-gage 's failure to the overwhelming competition it faces from the apple iphone , while ovi gaming cited poor implementation and support from their parent company , nokia .
29	the original name was most likely a play on wine , another emulation layer named after a different alcoholic drink , and cider , an alcoholic drink made from apple .
18	handheld devices in september 2009 , hastings expressed his desire to expand his company 's video-streaming service to apple 's iphone and ipod touch mobile devices , once the xbox 360 exclusivity deal expired .
5	jonagold is a cultivar of apple which was developed in 1953 in new york , a cross between the crisp golden delicious and the blush-crimson jonathan .
18	in 1995 , hamilton joined the two senior principals of dell inc to develop hand technologies , selling apple , microsoft and hp technology services through a community network .
18	this episode also served as the inspiration for the term '' reality distortion field '' to refer to apple co-founder steve jobs ' ability to convince audiences of his narrative .
8	in peru it is drunk warm , and apple , guanábana and quince is used instead of lulo .
1	the apple orchards produce the vasquez and king david varieties , which are grown only in oak glen , as well as antique varieties no longer commercially available such as ben davis , gravenstein , and pink pearl .
6	applications are subject to approval by apple , as outlined in the sdk agreement , for basic reliability testing and other analysis .
42	documentaries triumph of the nerds ( 1996 ) nerds 2.0.1 ( 1998 ) waiting for '' superman '' ( 2010 ) the virtual revolution ( 2010 ) feature films pirates of silicon valley , a 1999 film which chronicles the rise of apple and microsoft from the early 1970s to 1997 .
11	monilinia mali is a plant pathogen which causes leaf blight on apple .
3	other fruits include apple , pear , apricot , peach , fig , pistachio , date and grapes .
12	notable examples modern examples of flat design include microsoft 's metro , apple 's os x yosemite , and google 's material design .
22	fone zone listed on the australian stock exchange in 2005 and recently announced the purchase of next byte , a chain of apple resellers , in an effort to broaden their income stream and enhance growth .
46	1933 -- 39 : musical development finzi never felt at home in the city and , having married the artist joyce black , settled with her in aldbourne , wiltshire , where he devoted himself to composing and apple-growing , saving a number of rare english apple varieties from extinction .
6	on mobile devices however , after apple refused to allow the flash player within the inbuilt ios web browser , adobe changed strategy enabling flash content to be delivered as native mobile applications using the adobe integrated runtime .
28	history the company , founded in 1999 , employs numerous established high-tech veterans , including former executives from electronic arts , ebay , disney , adobe , and apple .
12	tameka 's other favorite items include brazil nut , water melon , apple and rum .
26	the main products of his orchards were prunes and cherries ( salem is still known as the '' cherry city '' ) but he also grew apple , strawberries , gooseberries , grape , pear , holly and hops .
23	full members include most of the main computer software and hardware companies with any interest in text-processing standards , including adobe systems , apple , google , ibm , microsoft , oracle corporation , yahoo! and the ministry of endowments and religious affairs of sultanate of oman .
6	fillings added to the pork include apple , pickle and bacon .
23	the arboretum 's earliest area was established in 1907 as the horticultural research center , which developed cold-hardy crops such as the honeycrisp apple and northern lights azalea .
1	on apple mac os , it is available by opening ` network utilities ' then selecting ` traceroute ' tab , as well as by typing the '' traceroute '' command in the terminal .
18	iphoto can not be purchased separately , but is part of the ilife suite which is available from apple for 10.49 gbp .
3	acsh also criticized apple workers who refused to enter homes where smoking had taken place to make technical repairs out of concern over secondhand smoke .
21	main crops : cereals ( wheat , oats ) , corn , sunflower , canola , grape , in orchards : apple , peach , plum and more .
9	emoji characters softbank encoding this encoding was used in apple 's ios prior to version 5 .
0	apple temporarily removed how to download a boyfriend from its e-book store citing concerns over nudity in the book .
2	developed by apple , it is the open source equivalent of quicktime streaming server , and is based on its code .
4	basque cider is an apple cider from the basque region of europe served at sagardotegi ( cider house ) .
6	the server is now compatible with apple 's airplay and time machine technologies ( firmware 1.1.0 , august 2011 ) .
7	james grieve is an old variety of apple .
35	the timber harvested in south haven was shipped to chicago and milwaukee via steamboats and schooners , and the cleared forests were then used by fruit farmers , who primarily grew peach , blueberries and apple .
1	the apple , pear , cherry , and plum are the most widely grown and eaten , owing to their adaptability .
18	the escarpment of annonay is surrounded by plateaux and gentle hills used for cultivating cherries , apricot , apple , pear , and other crops .
9	local agriculture includes the growing of hops and cider apple .
6	3 + 2 = 5 with apple , a popular choice in textbooks addition of numbers 0-10 .
9	' redlove era ' is a recently bred hybrid apple cultivar .
10	apollinaris - german naturally sparkling mineral water appletiser - sparkling apple drink aquabona ( previously bonaqua ) - mineral water available in spain .
13	enzymatic browning is often detrimental to : fresh fruit and vegetables , including apple , potato , banana and avocado seafood such as shrimp a variety of techniques for preventing enzymatic browning exist , each exploiting a different aspect of the biochemical process .
13	core storage is a volume manager for os x that was introduced by apple to os x lion .
5	it is made by crushing apple and squeezing out the liquid .
33	founded in 2008 by nicholas cambata and douglas sonders , the 8112 team has quickly become one of the city 's most sought after production companies , with a client list that includes apple , national geographic , and universal .
6	windows 1.0 was to compete with apple 's operating system , but achieved little popularity .
5	'' the difference between an apple and a pear is that apples float , whereas pears sink because they are denser .
7	this is a list of countries by apple production in 2011 mostly based on fao accessed in march 2013 .
10	cnet speculated that the unusual container-based structure would be counteracting apple 's architectural style ( usually open and filled with natural light ) , the portland structure does appear to include open space .
55	it contains branches of luxury firms such as beymen and atelier rebul , vakko , cos , moncler , bulgari , pomellato , louis vuitton , fendi , lanvin , dior , miu miu , burberry , tory burch , michael kors and valentino , and istanbul 's ( and the country 's ) first apple store .
15	host plants host plants used by the caterpillar include cabbage , cotton , walnuts , apple , tobacco , pea , potato , clovers , and maize .
24	members official logo for the svg file format members of the svg working group include representatives from the following organizations : adobe systems inc. apple open text ( bitflash division ) canon , inc. ercim ericsson expway france telecom groupe des écoles des télécommunications ikivo ab ilog itedo software gmbh kddi corporation keio university microsoft mozilla opera software research in motion , ltd. ( rim ) sharp corporation sun microsystems inc. w3c has also invited several experts to collaborate with the working group .
33	1833-1879 : nail mill 1873-1890 : sawmill and paper mill 1890-1977 : paper mill maison du pressoir the maison du pressoir was built in 1806 by didier joubert who used it to press apple into cider .
22	stemilt is the largest fresh market sweet cherry shipper in the world , and one of the nation 's largest grower-packer-shippers of apple , pear , cherries , and stone fruit .
21	benzoic acid occurs naturally at low levels in cranberries , prunes , greengage plums , cinnamon , ripe clove , and apple .
18	in málaga it is served with moscatel grapes and sometimes with pieces of other fresh fruit such as apple or melon .
24	kompot is a non-alcoholic clear juice obtained by cooking fruit in a large volume of water , like strawberries , apricot , peach , apple , rhubarb , gooseberries , or sour cherries .
0	apple ipads were deployed to all freshman and sophomores .
24	the crew filmed scenes for the park 's labs and control room , which used animations for the computers lent from silicon graphics and apple .
11	the permanent sliding calendar was invented by claussen-finks 24 years before apple presented its first iphone in 2008 , where sliding on the screen with the finger appeared in an electronic consumer product for the first time .
34	similarly , a hybrid model , with a ceo who leads by example but also has a creative structure in place to encourage design thinking , can work well ; the best example is apple under steve jobs .
15	in southeast asia , they are usually stewed in clove and sugar , sometimes with apple .
30	it is set in the aptly named '' pixel universe '' , inhabited by pixel , voxel , vectors , plasmas ( a satire on the plasma screens used by apple computers ) , and polygon .
15	on august 24 , 2012 , nine american jurors ruled that samsung had to pay apple $ 1.05 billion in damages for violating six of its patents on smartphone technology .
19	later in 2010 , frank and the ccaf , citing american law institute guidelines on cy-près , objected to apple 's settlement of a securities class action over their backdating , arguing that giving money to third parties affiliated with the class counsel instead of to the class was a breach of fiduciary duty .
19	its major sections include regional plants ( with a strong collection of beach grass and reed plants ) , apple trees , crops , and an extensive collection of wild herbs and weeds from fields and vineyard .
0	apple announced in june 2013 that the new macbook air features 802.11 ac wireless networking capabilities , later announcing in october 2013 that the macbook pro and mac pro also featured 802.11 ac .
2	orchard ( apple , pear , cherries , prune , etc. ) have largely disappeared with the exception of the basin of rumilly , where pears are cultivated on a relatively large scale .
34	the flat parts of the region are also largely used for agriculture , which mostly includes fields of cereal , maize and potato , as well as orchard , which are mostly planted with apple trees .
19	the moths oviposit almost exclusively on trees in the plant family rosaceae , particularly cherry ( prunus ) and apple ( malus ) .
14	wheels of zeus ( or woz ) was a company founded in 2002 by apple co-founder steve wozniak .
13	abc and nielsen partnered in 2011 to create a grey anatomy application for apple 's ipad .
72	maximum files per server : 16 million maximum directory entries : 16 million maximum volumes per server : 64 maximum volumes per partition : 8 maximum open files per server : 100,000 maximum directory tree depth : 100 levels characters used : ascii double-byte maximum extended attributes : 16 maximum data streams : 10 support for different name spaces : microsoft windows long names ( aka os/2 namespace ) , unix , apple macintosh support for restoring deleted files ( salvage ) support for journaling ( novell transaction tracking system aka tts ) support for block suballocation , starting in netware 4 .
12	the norfolk biffin ( sometimes spelt norfolk beefing ) is a local apple cultivar originating from the english county of norfolk .
15	as of june 2012 , flavors available in the uk include strawberry , original and apple ( in april 2012 the original flavor returned , with packs proclaiming '' chunkier and bubblier ) '' .
22	for producing content , caltv utilizes a canon 60d dslr , the industry standard final cut pro video production software running on apple imac g5 .
42	educational materials distinguishing green and blue only came into use after world war ii , during the occupation : thus , even though most japanese consider them to be green , the word ao is still used to describe certain vegetable , apple and vegetation .
7	the station logo depicts a box with apple .
1	devices apple - iphone 4s , iphone 5 , iphone 5c , iphone 5s with ios 8 .
3	strawberry peach lemon apple melon green mint peppermint tropical fruits thai fruits licorice artic cocktail mix is a range of four aromatized , vodka-based drinks .
7	'' memamps failed as both google and apple introduced software similar to that which slowe was seeking to develop .
10	in 2011 the bill was amended further to include ; apple , ginger , passion fruit , peach and pear wine in 2013 , the state assembly unanimously passed a resolution to study the impact of liquor prohibition .
26	the recipe for tart de brymlent , a fish pie from the recipe collection forme of cury , includes a mix of fig , raisin , apple and pear with fish ( salmon , codling or haddock ) and pitted damson plum under the top crust .
46	structure of proanthocyanidins distribution in plants proanthocyanidins , including the lesser bioactive / bioavailable polymers ( 4 or more catechines ) represent a group of condensed flavan-3-ols , such as procyanidins , prodelphinidins and propelargonidins , that can be found in many plants , most notably apple , maritime pine bark , cinnamon , aronia fruit , cocoa bean , grape seed , grape skin ( procyanidins and prodelphinidin ) , and red wine of vitis vinifera ( the european wine grape ) .
11	coins of melos depicted a '' mēlon '' ( μήλον - apple ) .
20	it will have a2dp stereo streaming technologies , bluetooth hands-free telephone , usb hookups , and an input for an apple ipod or iphone .
8	frazeysburg is home to the world 's largest apple basket , which is located on the longaberger homestead .
17	the important fruits are orange , plum , peach , apricot , pear , rare mango and apple but on very limited scale .
6	kanjitalk was the name given by apple to its japanese language localization of mac os .
4	morels growing in old apple orchard that had been treated with the insecticide lead arsenate may accumulate levels of toxic lead and arsenic that are unhealthy for human consumption .
99	this network reaches 98.5 % of people in australia and operates on the following frequencies : 2g ( 900 mhz ) 3g single band ( 2100 mhz ) 3g dual band ( 900 mhz & 2100 mhz ) 4g ( 1800 mhz ) 4g plus ( 2300 mhz ) products virgin mobile sell a number of telecommunications products : postpaid ( i.e. billed monthly ) mobile phone services prepaid mobile phone services postpaid ( i.e. billed monthly ) mobile broadband services prepaid mobile broadband services they offer a range of mobile phones with their plans , including products from apple , samsung , sony , htc , nokia and others .
10	examples of woody perennials include maple , pine , and apple trees .
42	it is polyphagous , feeding on a wide range of plants , such as burdock , artemisia , mustards , buddleja , marigold , chrysanthemum , hawthorn , cyclamen , silverberry , fireweed , forsythia , hop , lettuce , lepisanthes , apple , parthenocissus , plantain , prunus , pear , rhododendron , willow , spinach , dandelion , coltsfoot , and nettle .
27	juniper later focused solely on credit cards , offering cards with partners such as us airways , the harvard alumni association , barnes & noble , and apple , among others .
4	the hocking 's green apple variety originated in coad 's green .
17	description alongside dried pears the filling also contains raisin , walnut and other dried fruit such as apple or figs .
5	while more famous for spreading apple seeds throughout the east , chapman was also a swedenborgian missionary and helped spread this faith among the early settlers around urbana .
23	it is reported that fabio riccardi , founder of light crafts and the primary developer of lightzone , is now working as an apple employee , as evidenced by his profile .
8	partnerships starbucks has agreed to a partnership with apple to collaborate on selling music as part of the '' coffeehouse experience '' .
14	design much of the 7400 design was done by motorola in close co-operation with apple and ibm .
35	wildfire has also been cited as '' a really early version of siri mostly geared for business execs '' and similarities have also been drawn between wildfire 's relaxed conversational style and that of the apple assistant .
11	artichoke , pea , lettuce , parsley , melon , and apple , as well as wine and cheese , many kinds of meat , and grain were all enjoyed by ancient romans .
27	amelio worked at bell labs , fairchild semiconductor , and the semiconductor division of rockwell international but is best remembered as a ceo of national semiconductor and apple .
15	eventually terak succumbed to two forces : the sales juggernaughts of sun , ibm and apple plus venture capitalists with little expertise in the computer industry .
12	agriculture , gardening and industry the main garden products are walnuts , apple , cherry , sour cherry and apricot .
5	one spot was modeled after apple 's ipod commercials .
19	the new expansion , called '' the village at vintage faire mall '' , added several new retailers including apple store , bebe , brewhouse , coach , chico's , coldwater creek , charming charlie , sephora , men 's wearhouse , chipotle mexican grill and buffalo wild wings .
9	the movie was pre-released in early april 2013 on apple 's itunes video store and video streaming service netflix .
16	surviving correspondence mentions the moving of thousands of young fruit trees , quince , almond , apple and medlar .
99	track listings cd 7 '' single 1 7 '' single 2 track listing controversy the track '' these four walls and i '' is available only through vinyl , this has sparked many complaints on the official fan forum as many complained that it is virtually impossible for them to get hold of the track as they do not own a vinyl player and even if they did , it would cost them too much hassle and money to convert the song to mp3 format to make it possible to hear the track on an mp3 player such as apple 's ipod or on a pc .
23	in 2009 , the seat león cupra was turned into a race car in the ` seat cupra race ' mobile game for apple iphone / ipod touch available through the itunes ' app store .
31	the ability to add fracture effects to static mesh to simulate destructible environments soft body dynamics ( physics ) large crowd simulation in december 2009 , epic demoed ue3 running on apple 's 3rd generation ipod touch .
17	some mobile device manufacturers include mobile cloud storage apps with their product as is the case with apple .
17	it mainly competed against windows 98 and windows 2000 by microsoft , plus mac os 9 by apple .
32	internet use the item that is the result of a quick license payment system may be based on a pay per view system , or may use a system similar to the apple itunes store , which sells licensed music with drm to prevent copying after sell out .
8	in february 1999 , dvcreators.net was contacted by apple to help launch their professional video application division .
32	fire blight of pome fruits , caused by the bacterium erwinia amylovora ( burrill ) winslow et al . , is the most severe disease of pear and also is found in apple and raspberry , among others .
22	the fruit is a round , dry capsule 5 -- 9 mm diameter , containing several glossy brown seed shaped like an apple pip , 4 -- 7 mm long .
14	the images had been demanded in exchange for interviews regarding an alleged leak of apple iphone and ipad user data from an fbi laptop .
16	proulx was the first and main programmer of the first version of quicken and the first apple and radio shack versions .
16	the original bubble-gum flavor was discontinued for many years in the united kingdom , with only apple , strawberry , and cola flavors available .
10	0xdeadfa11 ( '' dead fall '' ) is used by apple in ios crash reports , when the user force quits an application .
7	macscan is an anti- malware utility for apple 's mac os x developed by securemac .
31	common rust fungi in agriculture puccinia sorghi causes common rust in corn gymnosporangium juniperi-virginianae ( cedar-apple rust ) ; the juniperus virginiana is the primary ( telial ) host and the apple , pear or hawthorn is the secondary ( aecial ) host .
8	the codling moth cydia pomonella causes worm-holes in apple .
6	the newer models include support for apple 's time machine backup software .
14	leaf trombone : world stage is a massively multiplayer online music game for the apple ios , developed by smule and released on april 15 , 2009 through the app store .
4	with elderberry flowers and apple .
1	jpg apple , banana , carrot , and lettuce extraction using acetone , water , and dichloromethane .
21	history the origins of unicode date to 1987 , when joe becker from xerox and lee collins and mark davis from apple started investigating the practicalities of creating a universal character set .
16	ruddles orchard - this 4.2 % cask bitter consists of ruddles county with the addition of apple concentrate .
8	it is also a good area for growing apple and other fruit which require colder weather .
9	spirit allows users to install software not approved by apple on their idevices .
7	the village is also famous for its apple and other fruit , and for its many forests such as pine tree and oak tree which are well known in lebanon .
9	after college , cirne held senior technical positions at apple and hummingbird communications .
13	history albertming was founded by albert shyy and ming chang , a former apple engineer , in 2010 .
8	bob mansfield is a hardware engineer working at apple .
14	in the late 18th and early 19th centuries , westford primarily produced granite , apple , and worsted yarn .
12	several varieties are available , including homestyle , blueberry , strawberry , apple cinnamon , buttermilk , and chocolate chip .
51	settlers bound for america fled the tumult of the civil war and troubles in the plantation of ireland and the highland clearances , and very often ships manifests show their belongings nearly always included their wives ' cookpots or bakestone and seed stock for plants like peaches , plum , and apple to grow orchards .
5	he had been contacted by apple to see if he would consider to bring revolution 's classic titles to the app store , and cecil on his turn had contacted dave gibbons to work on new editions of beneath a steel sky , broken sword : the shadow of the templars -- the director 's cut and broken sword : the smoking mirror -- remastered ( 2010 ) .
7	hjelmeland is known for its fruit ( apple , pear , plum , cherries and strawberries ) and fish production .
6	dimatteo also makes fruit wine from apple , blueberries , cranberries , peach , pumpkin , and strawberries .
41	awards 2007 beverly hills film festival best animation 2007 fort lauderdale film festival audience choice award for short 2007 accolade for lucifer short 2007 silver telly award for lucifer short controversy on nov. 12 , 2009 , it was reported that apple rejected griggs ' iphone application which enabled the user to contact every us congressman or senator based on gps coordinates .
20	google 's involvement in the yahoo-microsoft case is also explored as well as the gradually deteriorating relationship between google and apple .
4	liberty is a hybrid apple cultivar developed by the new york state agricultural experiment station .
9	it is known for its strawberries , peach , apple , garlic and potato .
23	in january 2013 , lot18 acquired the assets of santa rosa , calif. , based tasting room , which was founded by former apple executive tim bucher , and had developed a system for creating sampler kits with 50 milliliter bottles .
9	products bi developed products for multiple platforms , including apple , atari , commodore and ibm .
4	with the lisa , apple introduced a desktop environment on an affordable personal computer , which also failed in the market .
4	'' in 2009 , apple rejected an update to nine inch nails ' iphone application , nin : access , because it found the contents of the downward spiral to be '' offensive , obscene and/or objectionable .
27	it provides specialized global wireless distribution and services , serving mobile device manufacturers , wireless operators and retailers , including global distribution for motorola , blackberry , apple , htc , lg and samsung .
16	it is an agricultural center , producing primarily cereals , potato , and fruit ( mainly apple ) .
9	clients include adidas , american express , anheuser-busch , apple , burger king , coca cola , dos equis , estee lauder inc . , ford motor company , general electric , general motors , google , grey goose , honda , ibm , intel , johnson & johnson , levi’s , microsoft , nike , porsche , procter & gamble , sony , toyota motor corporation , unilever , and visa .
18	legacy lue had learned some pollination techniques in china , with which he was able to develop an apple which ripened a month earlier than other varieties , and a tomato plant that grew in clusters .
26	they were based in a '' tiny basement flat '' in edith grove , kensington ; a grant from the prince 's trust paid for an apple computer on which the first edition was written .
24	due to its gentle local climate and fertile soil it is the state 's largest area of fruit farming , its chief produce being apple .
4	the word manzana means apple in the spanish language .
22	aliph launched its second-generation bluetooth headset in may 2008 and it was reviewed positively new jawbone became available for sale at the apple store for the first time in the summer of 2008 .
8	colonia juárez is known for its peach and apple orchards as well as cattle ranches .
21	this means that their caps , gills , and stalks in general break with a distinct crack , somewhat like an apple or a watermelon , as opposed to the fibrous flesh of most other mushrooms ( see image ) .
11	mobile in april 2013 , udemy was first offered as an apple ios app , allowing students to take classes directly from smartphones ; the android version was launched in january 2014 .
36	plants grape ( budō ) are a fruit typically harvested in autumn nashi pear ( 梨 nashi ) , chaenomeles ( boke no mi ) , peach ( momo ) , persimmon ( kaki ) , apple ( ringo ) and grape ( budō ) are examples of fruit that are used as autumn kigo .
21	this is well seen in the arrangement of the five carpel ( the botanical fruits containing the seeds ) in an apple cut transversely .
1	several apple proprietary disk image formats can be used to create these images , including the universal disk image format ( udif ) and the new disk image format ( ndif ) .
7	some flavors include strawberry , raspberry , apple , pear , and banana .
13	he has made keynote addresses at the united nations , , google , apple , ucla and the hammer museum .
9	it is one of the country 's most important apple growing regions and other stone fruit such as cherries and apricots are also harvested locally .
17	it features the single '' new soul '' , which gained widespread popularity after being featured in apple 's macbook air video advertisement .
28	'' there he planted species from the mountains of asia , north america , and the caucasus , and by 1908 was growing 93 trees , including 19 apple varieties , 9 pear , 7 plum , 2 rose varieties , many shrub , and 401 herbaceous species .
15	fruits and plants chè hoa quả mixture of different fruit including pineapple , watermelon , apple , pear , mango , lychee , dried banana , cherry , and dried coconut with milk , yogurt , and syrup chè nhãn - made from longan chè trái cây - made from fruits chè xoài - made from mango chè trái vải - lychee and jelly chè bưởi - made from grapefruit oil and slivered rind chè chuối - made from bananas and tapioca ( vietnamese : bột báng ) chè sầu riêng - made from durian chè thốt nốt - made from sugar palm seeds chè mít - made from jackfruit chè lô hội - made from aloe vera hột é - made from sterculia lychnophora extract and basil seeds one version of the chè thưng mixed chè đậu đỏ bánh lọt - red beans and bánh lọt .
8	ashmead 's kernel is a triploid cultivar of apple .
80	beer in addition to the three hearts brand the company produces : borg viking beer crocodile ikea öl ljus lager ikea öl mörk lager k 's blåa k 's gröna kaltenberg kaltenberg oktoberfest king lion kiss destroyer könig ludwig dunkel liten ljus lager skåne guld stockholm fine festival beer weihenstephan weissbier spirits znaps black jack vodka znaps lemon lime vodka znaps vanilla vodka znaps blackcurrant vodka znaps blackthorn vodka znaps elder vodka znaps rose vodka znaps wild strawberry vodka znaps apple vodka hart brothers blended whisky hart brothers the macallan 12 years whisky export today krönleins is exporting to many countries ; they are also well represented in germany 's big beer market .
5	the wealthy was the earliest apple cultivar to thrive in the minnesota climate .
10	on the banks of rivers for irrigated land is producing apple , pear , vegetable and cereals .
25	the power mac g4 ( originally power macintosh g4 ) is a series of personal computer that was designed , manufactured , and sold by apple between 1999 and 2004 .
28	the back cover states : '' magical characters and strange devices -- a swedish genie , a young african girl for whom the sun means disaster , an apple which rolls across a silver dish to reveal the whole world -- wait to be discovered in this collection of folk and fairy tales from many lands .
12	bill atkinson -- designer of much of the graphic subsystem for the apple macintosh and creator of hypercard and macpaint .
107	nordhordland district court : askøy , austevoll , austrheim , fedje , fjell , fusa , lindås , masfjorden , meland , modalen , os , osterøy , radøy , samnanger , sund , vaksdal , voss , øygarden and gulen sunnhordland district court : bømlo , etne , fitjar , kvinnherad , stord , sveio and tysnes bergen district court : the city of bergen hardanger district court : eidfjord , granvin , jondal , kvam , odda , ullensvang and ulvik hardanger is one of norway 's most important sources of fruit , providing approximately 40 % of the country 's fruit production , including apple , plum , pear , cherries , and redcurrant .
5	the fragrance contains scents of apple , grapefruit , white raspberry , water lily , honeysuckle , jasmine , pear , and musk , which minaj commented adds '' a bit of dimension and playfulness to the original scent '' .
25	perhaps confusingly , some philosophies refer to tropes ( instances of properties ) as abstract particular -- e.g. , the particular red of a particular apple is an abstract particular .
36	other food sources that contain copper include cereal , potato , pea , red meat , mushroom , some dark green leafy vegetables ( such as kale ) , and fruits ( coconut , papaya and apple ) .
7	the red delicious is a clone of apple cultigen , now comprising more than 50 cultivars .
16	crisp , moist , and slightly sweet , the flesh draws comparison with that of the apple .
16	applesoft basic was supplied by microsoft and its name is derived from the names of both apple and microsoft .
6	rambo is the name of two apple varieties .
13	the highland area known as ba'kelalan has been experimenting with the cultivation of apple .
0	apple has been a notable example of using this strategy with its introduction of ipod personal music players , and ipad tablets .
20	mobile operating systems qr codes can be used in google 's android , blackberry os , nokia symbian belle , apple ios devices ( iphone/ipod/ipad ) , microsoft windows phone , google goggles , 3rd party barcode scanners , and the nintendo 3ds .
14	futurice is also one of the first european companies accepted as a member of apple 's iphone - developer program .
8	the enterprise was staffed with former employees of apple , netscape , be inc . , linuxcare , microsoft , red hat and sun microsystems , among others .
11	as of december 15 , 2006 , lowry digital has 700 apple power mac g5 , a server bay with 700 terabyte of storage and two $ 300,000 digital motion picture film scanner .
14	app ) is the terminal emulator included in the os x operating system by apple .
18	bypassing wholesalers , distributors and retailers in this way enabled the company to offer products by brands including apple , canon , nikon , samsung , motorola and more at low prices .
7	however , it is only compatible with apple 's ipad tablet pc .
42	testing centers prometic testing center in march 2008 an agreement between the institute and prometric company was signed , these agreement give the institute the right to start his own testing center that provides all microsoft exams as well as sun and apple .
25	transparency reports are issued today by a variety of technology and communications companies , including google , microsoft , verizon , at&t , twitter , apple , dropbox , facebook , yahoo and cloudflare .
5	ambrosia is a cultivar of apple originating in british columbia in the early 1990s .
12	in food ferulic acid is found in the seeds of coffee , apple , artichoke , peanut , and orange , as well as in both seeds and cell wall of commelinid plants ( such as rice , wheat , oats , the chinese water chestnut ( eleocharis dulcis ) and pineapple ) .
11	the first game , blast billiards touch , was approved by apple in december 2009 .
2	on an apple macintosh , the diameter symbol can be entered via the character palette ( this is opened by pressing in most applications ) , where it can be found in the technical symbols category .
10	these three competing products by avid , adobe , and apple are the foremost nles , often referred to as the a-team .
44	fruit species that this species may feed on include figs , such as the sycamore fig and others , marula , date palm fruit , berries from species such as wild olive olea europaea ssp. africana and euphorbia , and commercial fruit such as apple , grape , citruses and others .
23	in the botany of desire , pollan explores the concept of co-evolution , specifically of humankind 's evolutionary relationship with four plants -- apple , tulip , marijuana , and potato -- from the dual perspectives of humans and the plants .
24	more than sixty corporations and foundations , including coca-cola , wendy's , kraft foods , mcdonald's , amazon.com , coca-cola , general electric , apple , procter & gamble , walmart , the bill & melinda gates foundation , and the medical insurance group blue cross and blue shield dropped support of alec in the ensuing weeks or let their memberships lapse .
19	lyon has worked at a number of silicon valley companies , including stanford telecommunications , xerox , schlumberger , apple , foveon , and google .
0	apple and nike together developed the nike+ipod , a sensor-equipped shoe that worked with an ipod nano .
22	xango juice composition xango juice is a blend of mangosteen aril and pericarp purée with juice concentrates of eight other fruits : apple , pear ( juice and purée ) , grape , blueberry , raspberry , strawberry , cranberry and cherry .
17	dot-matrix series laser printer series the laserwriter was a laser printer with built-in postscript interpreter introduced by apple in 1985 .
20	talsi 's history is in its calm , cobbled streets and in its well-preserved parks , which feature cherry and apple tree gardens .
2	these include apple , oranges , plum , banana , etc. .
19	operating systems available for these platforms include ms windows , freebsd , the different gnu / linux distribution , apple mac os x , and oracle solaris .
3	fruit trees of apple , peach and apricot were also reported ( but the fruits did not ripen in lhasa ) and also poplar trees and bamboo .
23	in december 2005 , good previewed a demo called '' black helicopter '' , which he recorded at home using garageband on an apple power mac g5 .
32	at present , the xl h1 24f and 30f hdv is supported by major non-linear editing system such as canopus/grass valley edius 5.0 , sony vegas , adobe premiere pro 2.0 , apple final cut pro 5.1.2 and avid xpress pro .
10	it is surrounded by small woods and its orchard of apple and pear .
8	in the '90s , bandai teamed up with apple to make the pippin .
5	the carob , olive , apple and pomegranate were introduced to egyptians during the new kingdom .
3	notable stores include apple , aldo , swarovski , express , claire's , crate & barrel , pottery barn , and red door spa .
3	popular fruits include apple , pear , fig , grape , quince , and pomegranate .
12	several genera are an alternate host of gymnosporangium rust , which damages apple and other related trees in the subfamily maloideae .
11	kazakhstan is thought to be one of the places that the apple originated , particularly the wild ancestor of malus domestica , malus sieversii .
13	eastern europe ( or ashkenazi ) charoset is made from chopped walnuts and apple , spiced with cinnamon and sweet wine .
11	east peru is the birthplace of the red delicious cultivar of apple .
33	the following january brought the design to the 17-inch model , along with the built-in battery that joined the rest of the macbook pro line in june , including the 13-inch model which apple absorbed into the macbook pro line .
8	costard 's name is an archaic term for apple , or metaphorically a man 's head .
5	available for download from the apple app store and google play , grindr comes in both free and subscription-based versions ( grindr xtra ) .
17	music video the music video was uploaded to youtube on may 28 , 2014 , using the apple and twitter software vine .
10	other plants that were named and introduced were the howard apple , howard star petunia , royal splendor verbena , lilliput zinnia , and the bay state tomato .
7	many companies such as hewlett packard and apple have their french head offices in this area .
40	it contains a home demonstration garden , vegetable garden , herb garden , home fruit and nuts garden ( including black , persian and japanese walnuts , pecan , shellbark and shagbark hickory , chinese chestnut as well as dwarf apple cultivar , an american persimmon and native pawpaw trees ) , the all america selection trials garden , perennial collection , ground cover demonstration , woody plant collection , and a '' walk across kentucky '' that simulates kentucky 's seven regional landscapes : bluegrass , knobs , appalachian plateaus , cumberland mountains , mississippian plateaus and outer nashville basin ( pennyroyal ) , shawnee hills , mississippi embayment and alluvial basin ( jackson purchase ) .
33	hocevar is part of goatse security , an information security working group most known for revealing a security flaw in at&t 's website , leading to the release of 114,000 email addresses of apple ipad users .
7	as a result of a lawsuit by apple , gem was forced to remove the stacking capabilities .
7	it was an early competitor to the apple ipod .
32	it was originally recorded on beech and frequently occurs on this substrate , but is also known from other broadleaf trees and shrubs , including oak , hazel , ash , and apple .
7	the orchard contains pear , plum , apple , cherry , apricot , and quince trees .
9	cava also makes fruit wine from açaí berries , apple , blackberries , blueberries , kiwifruit , peach , pear , pomegranate , raspberries , strawberries , and watermelon .
12	nokia 's expansion into the netbook market is contrary to computer maker apple 's 2007 expansion into the phone market with their iphone .
15	a market hall was built in 1884 for the sale of cereal , chestnut , apple and nut .
17	hipgeo is a free los angeles - based developer of an lbs app designed for use on apple ios devices developed by scott daniel , rich rygg , and jeff kunzelman .
15	bowland cheese a type of lancashire cheese , with the cheese having been mixed with apple , sultana and cinnamon prior to setting .
15	tandy corporation 's leading position in what magazine called the '' 1977 trinity '' ( apple , commodore and tandy ) had much to do with tandy 's retailing the computer through more than 3,000 of its radio shack storefronts .
22	uses depending on the thickness and taste , fruit peel is sometimes eaten as part of the fruit , such as with apple .
9	opal is the brand name for a variety of apple produced by crossing golden delicious with topaz .
9	fotopedia was launched in june 2009 by five former apple employees : jean-marie hullot , bertrand guiheneuf , manuel colom , sébastien maury and olivier gutknecht .
5	trocadero , is a caffeinated apple - and orange flavored soft drink from sweden .
39	some foods whose processing creates press cakes are olive for olive oil ( pomace ) , peanut for peanut oil , coconut flesh for coconut cream and milk ( sapal ) , grape for wine ( pomace ) , apple for cider ( pomace ) , and soybean for soy milk ( used to make tofu ) ( this is called okara ) or oil .
8	resedit is a developer tool application for the apple macintosh , used to create and edit resources directly in the mac 's resource fork architecture .
9	created notes are synced through all the user 's apple devices through the icloud service .
0	apple originally ported x to os x in the form of x11 .
14	aged edam is often eaten with traditional '' cheese fruits '' like pear and apple .
2	literally ' apple - pale ' .
4	thunderbolt was co-developed by apple and intel .
2	crops include apple , pear , strawberries , grape for wine .
7	major prizes are supplied by adobe and apple .
9	a variation on the garamond typeface was adopted by apple in 1984 upon the release of the macintosh .
13	stanley is a small town approximately from beechworth in victoria noted for its apple & nut farms .
5	leverage was originally edited in apple 's final cut studio pro 7 , but has used final cut pro x in the later seasons .
4	partners and resellers included apple , dell , emc , fujitsu-siemens , hp , ibm and sun .
18	the hickory area is additionally marketed as a data-center corridor and is home to large data-centers operated by apple and google .
15	basic stats publishing house : kpc media group publishing software : adobe indesign running on apple imac the communicator 's parent company is ipsn inc. features the paper , as previously mentioned , has undergone many changes since the turn of the millennium with many different editors .
18	alcatel ot-908s ot-918s ot-981a ot-990s ot-991 ot-995 one touch fierce one touch scribe x one touch scribe hd-lte apple iphone 5 , model a1428 manufactured after april 12 , 2013 iphone 5c , models a1436 and a1532 iphone 5s , models a1453 and a1533 ipad air , model a1475 ipad mini with retina display , model a1490 asus google nexus 7 padfone 2 google nexus 7 ( 2013 ) fonepad 7 blackberry q5 ( only sqr100-1 ) q10 ( only sqn100-5 ) z10 ( only stl-100-3 ( rfk121lw ) ) bold 9700 bold 9780 bold 9790 bold 9900 curve 9300 curve 9320 curve 9360 curve 9380 pearl 9100 torch 9810 torch 9860 many of the above listed blackberry devices have multiple versions , only one of each being aws compatible .
21	) other examples include occasions in '' riding the range '' , where tyrone could produce a seemingly inexhaustible supply of apple , '' the snow fort '' , where tasha and uniqua each have a rucksack that contains a rescue kit , including shovels , hooks , and suction cups , '' race around the world '' , where austin has a racing pack in which he keeps numerous items , such as a hook , rope , band-aid , a water bottle , and a pair of scissors , and '' high tea '' , in which tasha manages to store tea-leaves , a teapot and four cups and saucers in a small purse .
36	the clip stars daisy lowe ( brunette ) and leah hibbert ( from shipwrecked battle of the islands ) she is the short haired blonde model and another unidentified blond model partaking in a variety of apple - related activities .
22	supported languages international versions according to sources from brazilian site techguru , nuance communications has delivered the final version in portuguese to apple .
9	sage fruit company is located in the heart of apple country in the pacific northwest .
7	this includes industries such as almond , apple , artichoke , asparagus , boysenberries , chive , corn , egg , fig , grapefruit , papaya , peach , pineapple , plum , prune , seafood , tomato and turkey .
4	certifications supported include : apple , cedia , cisco , comptia , dell , hp , microsoft , novell and samsung .
18	it is made of puff pastry and four fillings : nut , fresh cheese , poppy seed and apple , as well as of many additional ingredient .
7	modern bakeries offer cheese and spinach , apple , sour cherries , potato , mushroom , and pizza-burek as well .
6	the granny smith is a tip-bearing apple cultivar , which originated in australia in 1868 .
25	the people of ain ebel cultivate their land and produce olive , almond , chestnut , pecan , grape , fig , pomegranate , and apple .
8	by 1895 , buzzard had planted a small apple orchard and was growing cabbages as well as potatoes .
30	fruit beers lindemans varieties include lambic framboise ( raspberry ) , kriek ( sour cherry ) , pêcheresse ( peach ) , cassis ( blackcurrant ) , and pomme ( apple ) .
16	proxi is similar to other mac os x applications such as quicksilver , butler , and apple 's own automator .
24	tom shales and james andrew miller 's book , those guys have all the fun : inside the world of espn , notes that apple ceo steve jobs reportedly told espn president george bodenheimer that '' your phone is the dumbest fucking idea i have ever heard .
16	the diversity of its ecology and climate makes it possible to grow temperate crop such as apple , pear , plum , grape and citrus fruit and tropical products such as mango and lychee , as well as a wide variety of other crops including coffee , clove , sisal , maize , tuber and various spice .
42	then sony pictures syndicated the series in a multi-platform footprint including : youtube , hulu , the playstation network , google tv , the bravia network , animax , axn , at&t , sprint , etc. on october 19 , 2012 , apple releases an exclusive and innovative mobile app edition of urban wolf available on its 172 itunes app stores worldwide for iphone , ipod touch and ipad .
17	students in grades 7 -- 12 are required to have a laptop computer ( either windows or apple operating systems ) and funding is provided to support this requirement .
13	economy the economy of itayanagi is heavily dependent on horticulture , especially for apple , with rice as a secondary crop .
48	zte and china mobile have done turnkey mobile phone network projects in pakistan , ethiopia , etc. mobile phones mobile phone manufacturers bbk coolpad ( yulong ) cect gionee haier hisense huawei konka lenovo ( motorola ) meizu oneplus oppo sagetel ( ningbo bird ) tcl xiaomi zte apple blackberry google htc ( dopod ) lg microsoft ( nokia ) pantech philips samsung sony sharp domestics sales the domestic sales of cell phone made a breakthrough of 100 million in china in 2006 .
5	sources and production pear , apple , guava , quince , plum , gooseberries , oranges and other citrus fruits , contain large amounts of pectin , while soft fruits like cherries , grape and strawberries contain small amounts of pectin .
15	his business suffered badly when the codling moth appeared in the state , devastating the apple crop .
3	tapping the richest apple growing areas of nova scotia 's annapolis valley , the railway immediately led to the construction of large warehouses beside its tracks to pack and ship apples .
1	the apple plaintalk microphone jack used on some older macintosh systems is designed to accept an extended 3.5 mm three-conductor phone connector ; in this case , the tip carries power for a preamplifier inside the microphone .
13	in the 1990s and 2000s he has been mainly using daws such as apple logic , avid pro tools and steinberg nuendo as recording suites .
8	energy efficiency a study of the sustainability of apple production systems showed that in comparing a conventional farming system to an organic method of farming , the organic system in this case is more energy efficient .
16	thus in many sub counties there are successful farmers engaged in the production of grape , apple , pear and peach .
7	ferraro created far side virtual with the apple audio software garageband , which brought out the '' cheap digital sound '' he desired , and called it a '' ( r ) ubbery plastic symphony for global warming , dedicated to the great pacific garbage patch .
25	evolutionary history homologs homologs of toc1 have been found in lyrate rockcress , brassica , papaya , cucumber , strawberry , soybean , lotus , apple , peach , western poplar ( populus ) , castor bean , tomato , potato , grape vine , and chickpea .
15	they hand-dyed the wools with fruit and vegetable dyes , such as the bark of apple trees , yellow oak and maple ; goldenrod , barberry , st. john 's wort and madder root .
12	biennial bearing is more common in certain fruit crop like mango , apple , pear , apricot and avocado , and almost nonexistent in grapes .
8	also loaded aboard the boxcar were barrel of apple , blocks of ice cut from frozen ponds , granite from quarries , and tins of corn packed at a canning factory .
5	ready-to-use vms with microsoft or apple operating systems installed , in particular , are not distributed , except for evaluation versions .
9	'' malling series '' is the name of famous apple rootstock .
17	the town was first settled around 1763 by jean laframboise , who is also credited with introducing apple growing to the area .
18	this encouraged large brands such as coors , at&t , ford , mcdonald's , nike , adidas and apple to advertise within the collective .
3	she worked at apple on itunes and later spent four years at google , where she worked on projects such as google tv , google maps , google search , and igoogle .
26	new species he described for the first time in the flora altaica include malus sieversii ( as pyrus sieversii ) , the wild ancestor of the apple , and the siberian larch ( larix sibirica ) .
8	adjustable with a sliding interface 24 years before apple ` s iphone file : jochen claussen-finks red fiberglass armchair 1971 .
14	iriver adopted a new marketing strategy in 2005 , attempting to grab mindshare from apple .
9	the larvae feed on various trees and shrubs including apple and pear .
87	in particular wapa is seeking cooperative initiatives among its members to increase consumer demand for apples and pears by : facilitating exchange and dissemination of scientific information citing nutritional benefits to boost demand introducing common production best practices to ensure the product placed on the market is of the best possible quality and satisfies consumer expectations discussing matters relating to marketing standards to improve the market position of apples and pears by developing close links with retail chains membership wapa is open to any country that produces apple and pear for the fresh market .
18	promo singles prior to the release of the album , three promotional singles will be released exclusively on apple 's itunes store as a '' countdown to p.a.r.c.e. '' .
13	the city is currently a regional commercial center and the largest producer of apple in japan .
24	the long grove area is now known for its historic downtown , its exclusive million dollar homes and the annual chocolate , strawberry and apple festivals that take place in may , june and october , respectively .
6	wikinodes is an app for the apple ipad which uses the spicynodes visualization method .
4	in the case of apple , nz is more energy-efficient even though the energy embodied in capital items and other inputs data was not available for the uk .
30	hamantashen are made with many different fillings , including poppy seed ( the oldest and most traditional variety ) , prune , nut , date , apricot , raspberry , apple , fruit preserves in a lekvar style , cherry , chocolate , dulce de leche , halva , or even caramel or cheese .
2	he was apple 's linguist in its civil trademark cases against both microsoft and amazon .
5	the end result included 2,000 apple trees and 1,000 kiwifruit plants in the ground in the villages of sermathang , ghangyul , tarkeyghang , and the ani gumba nunnery .
55	power2 processors power2 6 to 8 chips were mounted on a ceramic multi chip module power2 + a cheaper 6-chip version of power2 with support for external l2 caches p2sc a faster and single chip version of power2 p2sc + an even faster version or p2sc due to reduced fabrication process powerpc in 1991 , apple looked for a future alternative to motorola 's 68000 - based cisc platform , and motorola experimented with a risc platform of its own , the 88000 .
7	another important activity is the production of apple , pear , peach and others , specially in the alto valle area , shared with río negro .
0	apple in reference to their quicktime media player employed the term fast start in 1997 , to describe what was commercially referred to as progressive download playback of encoded digital media content .
4	examples are orange , apple , pineapple or blood orange .
11	the city is known for its many peach , pear , apple , and cherry orchards which are located throughout the city , especially along the so-called road that loops the western edge of the city .
36	microsoft security essentials microsoft .net framework 4.0 microsoft silverlight runtime for ie adobe flash player 10.2 and acrobat reader for reading pdf files exopc gui layer store specific applications an application library , similar to the apple app store or the android market is available for the device , accessible through the exopc ui .
21	implementation the mac os x 10.8.5 system preferences dialog , non-scaled ( left ) and scaled ( right ) os x apple has included some support for resolution independence in earlier versions of os x ( formerly mac os x ) , which could be demonstrated with the developer tools quartz debug that included a feature allowing the user to scale the interface .
23	produced by tunnelsoft , a division of babendererde engineers , this software is available as a lan or web application or on an apple or android smartphone or tablet .
12	following the transition to the cw , supernatural episodes were added to apple 's itunes store starting in december 2006 , being one of the first cw series to be made available for sale online .
44	meanwhile , the office staff begins betting on various things , from counting the jelly beans in pam beesly 's ( jenna fischer ) candy dish to whether creed bratton ( portrayed by the actor of the same name ) will notice that his apple has been replaced with a potato .
19	reports indicated that the device was to have a focus on unique functionality in an effort to compete against apple and fellow android vendor samsung , and that the company had experimented with curved screens and ceramics as possible hardware aspects .
18	the center 's foyer area became the nurv canteen ; the set decoration for which was inspired by apple 's canteen , which the producers saw during a visit to their corporate headquarters .
16	more recently similar products have been introduced in a wider variety of colors and flavors including apple , mango , blackcurrant , and watermelon , among others .
4	cafection has partnerships with apple , google , aramark , facebook , microsoft and bill and melinda gates ' foundation .
17	kodak sold many of its patents for approximately $ 525,000,000 to a group of companies ( including apple , google , facebook , amazon , microsoft , samsung , adobe systems and htc ) under the name intellectual ventures and rpx corporation .
62	he also played norvo tigan , the brother of nicole de boer 's character of ezri dax , in the episode , '' '' ; '' psychic-guy '' patient mr. duff in the grey 's anatomy episode , '' save me '' ; the driver in the 2001 vw jetta ad , '' big day '' ; and the groom in the apple idvd ad , '' elope '' .
41	purchase their customised product most online designer are built using adobe flash technology however lately products such as deconetwork have been created designers using html and javascript due to the pressure applied on the market by non-flash supported devices such as apple iphone and ipad .
8	plum , apricot , pomegranate , pear , apple , grape , and fig , along with many kinds of citrus are the most frequently used fruit , either fresh or dried , in turkish cuisine .
49	in april 2010 , the site was the 28th most visited site in the world according to alexa 's internet rankings and in august 2010 , the site was the 27th most visited site drawing more traffic than the websites of aol , bbc , flickr , craigslist , apple , cnn , linkedin , adobe , cnet , espn and several other heavy hitters .
21	peter gideon ( 1820-1899 ) was a farmer near excelsior , minnesota , united states , who was responsible for breeding apple that could withstand minnesota 's climate .
5	a direct conversion of an apple ios game , , asphalt 3d includes 17 tracks based on real-life locations and 42 licensed sports vehicles .
20	ovi was a move into the world of internet services , where nokia faced competition with microsoft , google and apple .
4	the player is given apple and banana to begin the game .
13	beginning with the class of 2014 , every incoming student is provided an apple macbook pro computer , with the aim of universally integrating technology into the curriculum .
5	ios devices an application for apple 's ios ( ios 4.3 or later ) operating system and either the ipad ( 1st generation or later ) , iphone ( 3gs or later ) and ipod touch ( 3rd generation or later ) , was launched on 1 july 2011 .
0	apple and microsoft , which between them , support the iso / iec - defined formats aac and the older mp3 .
0	apple notes are common and depending on producer and appellation can range from flavors of golden delicious and fuji to gala and jonathan .
9	apart from operating systems , mt xinu also produced apple - unix interoperability software , including an appleshare server for unix .
3	agricultural products include apple , banana , barley , beans , cacao , coffee , maize , oat , peach , plantain , potato , rice , sugarcane and wheat .
22	his tenure was marked by significant investments in roads , irrigation works , rural electrification , as well as higher subsidies for apple and pear exporters .
20	washington roussanne is often blended with viognier and is characterized by its fruit salad profile of notes that range from apple , lime , peach and citrus to cream and honey .
14	the technical committee was chaired by two microsoft employees and included members drawn from apple , canon , intel , nextpage , novell , pioneer , statoil asa , toshiba , the united states library of congress , the british library and the gnome foundation .
27	they are most often encountered as saprophyte on decaying wood but some species can also occur as parasites of trees , especially fruit trees ( for example apple ) and a number of other hardwood trees .
12	foxconn is a major manufacturer that has catered to such companies as apple , dell , hp , motorola , nintendo , nokia , and sony .
8	products the company sells natural , 100 percent apple juice as well as a line of natural cranberry juice and a line of cranberry juice blended with other juices .
5	the initial popularity of the apple iphone was eventually matched by the google android os , while older platforms such as the research in motion blackberry maintained a significant , albeit shrinking , market share .
26	in the united states , cinnamon and sugar are often used to flavor cereals , bread-based dishes , such as toast , and fruit , especially apple ; a cinnamon-sugar mixture is even sold separately for such purposes .
10	'' when , on october 2005 , steve jobs from apple , was introducing the new ipod 5g 's video podcast capabilities , he showed a playlist of video podcasts that included rocketboom .
17	the giant data centers that have been and are being built by firms such as google , apple , amazon and others are far larger and generally much more efficient than the data centers used by most large enterprises .
27	the fruits , which only ripen after dropping to the ground , are valued as an australian bush food and are variously described as tasting like stewed apple or kiwifruit .
6	terhune also makes fruit wine from apple , blueberries , and peach .
2	pear , apple , apricot , quince , plum , nectarine , cherries , mulberries , and peach were commonly seen in the 20th century .
18	etymology could be related to the indo-european root \* h ₂ ebōl , \* h ₂ ebl ( apple ) , meaning '' place where apple-orchards originated '' ( read below ) .
11	kaempferol tea , strawberries , gooseberries , cranberries , grapefruit , apple , pea , brassica ( broccoli , kale , brussels sprouts , cabbage ) , chive , spinach , endive , leek , tomato .
15	his prayer is answered by frigg , wife of odin , who sends him an apple , which is dropped on his lap by frigg 's servant in the form of a crow while rerir is sitting on a mound .
19	scoops sony laptop battery scandal in 2006 the inquirer reported laptop battery problems that affected dell , sony and apple as of september 2006 , with rumors of problems at toshiba and lenovo .
22	← = = members = = members of the html working group include representatives from the following organizations : adobe systems inc. apple google , inc. hp microsoft mozilla opera software w3c has also invited several experts to collaborate with the working group including : robin berjon ( current editor for the html5 and dom4 specifications ) marcos cáceres ian devlin steve faulkner john foliot jeremy keith martin mcevoy janina sajka david sleight manu sporny oli studholme internal working system the htmlwg has members from a diverse community such as content provider , content authors and anyone interested in the work on html .
3	old orchard ( apple , blackberry , chinese chestnut , deer 's tongue panic grass , early goldenrod , fox grape meadow mushroom , norway maple , orchard grass , perilla , poison ivy , pokeweed , riverbank grape , sensitive fern , smooth sumac , virginia creeper , white avens , wood nymph butterfly ) 21 .
14	the first screensaver that allowed users to change the activating time was released on apple 's lisa , in 1983 .
27	the issue marked the eighth time jobs was featured on the cover of time , and included a photographic essay by diana walker , a retrospective on apple by harry mccracken and lev grossman , and a six-page essay by walter isaacson .
11	the cripps pink , otherwise better known as the pink lady apple was created in manjimup in 1973 by john cripps of the then-named western australian department of agriculture and the trademark is now used on products across four continents .
4	squeeze operates on the apple macintosh and microsoft windows operating systems .
20	in early 2009 , the non-profit technology consortium khronos group started the webgl working group , with initial participation from apple , google , mozilla , opera , and others .
14	this payphone program innovated many of the techniques commonly used today by companies like apple and blackberry .
13	identifying the fruit potential forbidden fruits of the garden of eden include the apple , pomegranate , the fig , the carob , the etrog or citron , the pear , mushrooms , the quince and , more recently , the datura .
8	software training the school is recognized as an apple authorised training centre and holds academy status with cisco , microsoft , and oracle as a specialist training provider .
38	gymnosporangium is a genus of heteroecious plant-pathogenic fungi which alternately infect members of the family cupressaceae , primarily species in the genus juniperus ( juniper ) , and members of the family rosaceae in the subfamily maloideae ( apple , pear , quince , shadbush , hawthorns , rowan and their relatives ) .
50	the province 's major and more profitable crops include cereals ( rice , wheat , and maize among them ) , vegetables ( tomato , cauliflower , lettuce , onions , and artichoke ) , legumes ( lentils and beans ) , fruit ( especially kiwi fruit , pears , apple , berries , table grape , melons , watermelons , peaches , and nectarine ) , and sugar beet .
13	with 70 % of the mainframe market , it had larger revenues than apple , compaq , dec , hp , and ti combined .
22	aspall cider logo aspall is a manufacturer of cider ( which is always spelled as cyder in their branding ) and other apple derived products .
26	in computing , launchd , a unified , open-source service-management framework , starts , stops and manages daemons , application , processes , and scripts in apple os x environments .
8	tomato , okra , garlic , bean , apple , pear , grape are also grown for the villages own consumption .
8	wagonhouse also makes fruit wine from almond , apple , blueberries , cranberries , mango , peach , pomegranate , and strawberries .
12	he currently resides in san jose , california as a designer at apple , with his wife , lisa walter , and their three daughters , adrienne , cameron and deirdre .
0	apple has also opposed requiring ogg format support in the html standard ( even as a '' should '' requirement ) on the grounds that some devices might support other formats much more easily , and that html has historically not required particular formats for anything .
1	on apple macbook models , it is possible to plug a device in , close the laptop ( putting it into sleep mode ) and have the device continue to charge .
16	mobile apps nickelodeon released a free mobile app for smartphone and tablet computer operating on the apple and android platforms in february 2013 .
12	cultivation for the malus domestica cultivars , the cultivated apples , see apple .
11	idared apples in a tree idared is a type of red apple cultivar from moscow , idaho , united states .
28	dichlofluanid ( n - dichlorofluoromethylthio - n , n - dimethyl - n - phenylsulfamide ) is a fungicide used to protect strawberries , grape , berries , apple , pear and other fruit , vegetables and ornamental plants from diseases such as scab , black spot , leather rot , gray mold , downy mildew and others caused by the fungi botrytis , alternaria , sclerotinia , and monilinia .
11	in norse mythology , iðunn is described as providing the gods apple that grant them eternal youthfulness in the 13th century prose edda .
11	the 970 family was created through a collaboration between ibm and apple .
16	instead of using their own web page , the band streamed it in mpeg-4 form on apple 's website .
18	flavors the current flavor lineup of runts includes orange , banana , strawberry , grape , and green apple .
16	career daines was involved in the development of captan and phaltan , fungicide used to protect apple crops .
30	sanuk games sarl , a video game publisher based in the rhône-alpes region of france sanuk games is licensed to develop on nintendo , sony playstation , microsoft xbox and apple ios systems .
25	in addition , a number of max-like programs share the same concept of visual programming in real time -- such as quartz composer ( by apple ) and vvvv , which both focus on realtime video synthesis and processing .
5	it is famous for its apple , annar , and many other kinds of fruits .
10	in 1991 -- 1992 , official versions appeared for the apple macintosh and nintendo 's nes , snes , and game boy .
9	the current model issued to students is the 11-inch apple macbook air .
8	this article is a list of diseases of apple ( malus × domestica ) .
18	it also featured the industry-standard 3.5 mm headphone jack , and was anticipated as a major challenger to apple , who 's ipod dominated the industry .
7	in november 2000 , two weeks after apple lodged its uk trademark application for the term ` itunes ' , cohen 's company cyberbritain group registered the itunes .
5	steve wozniak , co-founder of apple , kevin mitnick , akira yamaoka , ben hammersley and wikimedia foundation 's head of business partnerships kul wadhwa spoke at the event .
12	the twist website and mobile application team includes engineers from mit , apple , google and stanford .
15	land use manasbal lake important vegetation in the catchment of the lake comprise orchards ( apple , mulberry ) , some platanus ( chinar trees ) and salix trees .
32	spanish missionaries brought fruit seeds over from europe , many of which had been introduced to the old world from asia following earlier expeditions to the continent ; orange , grape , apple , peach , pear , and fig seeds were among the most prolific of the imports .
17	juice extraction rice hulls are used as a '' press aid '' to improve extraction efficiency of apple pressing .
5	previously worked at motorola , apple , webvan .
16	many examinations are administered at prometric sites including those from nmls , microsoft , ibm , apple , the common admission test ( cat ) of the iims , the european personnel selection office , the medical college admission test ( mcat ) , the graduate record examinations ( gre ) , usmle , the diplomate of national board - common entrance test of national board of examinations , the uniform certified public accountant examination , architect registration examination , the uspto registration examination , and american petroleum institute .
10	the ripe fruits are tasty , reminiscent of a small apple .
13	videos could be displayed , downloaded and shared across the web in either apple quicktime or flv format .
14	mobile apps in february 2010 , public radio exchange launched a mobile app on apple 's itunes store .
26	today , more and more values are resting on media that are not owned by the data owner but by service provider ( e.g. google , apple , microsoft etc. ) .
16	on july 11 , 2008 , pandora launched a mobile version of their software for the apple iphone and ipod touch through the itunes app store .
31	four of its patents , now owned by allen 's interval licensing llc , are the subject of a patent infringement lawsuit interval licensing filed in august 2010 against aol , apple , ebay , facebook , google , netflix , office depot , officemax , staples , yahoo! , and youtube ( but not microsoft ) : : '' attention manager for occupying the peripheral attention of a person in the vicinity of a display device '' .
18	shown is how the woman ( whose appearance does n't resemble snow white 's ) bites a poison apple from a tree and then falls asleep .
5	she is the daughter of apple co-founder steve jobs and chrisann brennan .
15	the city is the trade center for a fertile agricultural region where fruit ( especially apple and grape ) and tobacco are grown .
8	rickner helped create the first truetype fonts at apple and did all the font hinting for microsoft 's georgia and verdana fonts .
9	juglone is toxic to plants such as tomato , apple , and birch , and may cause stunting and death of nearby vegetation .
21	support for vbr in aac and mp3 files is found in most modern digital audio player , including those released by apple , microsoft , creative technology , and sandisk .
0	apple 's newsstand is a popular version of this , but as they do n't allow pornographic material , specific digital newsstands for pornographic magazines exist .
17	many species of plant reproduce through vegetative reproduction , such as the canada thistle , cherry , apple , ligustrum , hazel , tree of heaven , pawpaw .
10	the following fruits are industrially cultivated and widely consumed : apple ( manzanas ) , banana ( guineos ) , grape ( uvas ) , orange ( chinas ) , and watermelon ( melones ) are imported , as well as some of the aforementioned cultivated fruits .
21	startup chime the macintosh startup chime is the single note or chord ( depending on model type ) played when an apple macintosh computer is turned on .
9	now quite common , well-known touchscreen smartphone manufacturers are apple , htc , lg electronics , motorola , nokia , samsung mobile , and sony .
14	etymology word tufahija has origin in arabic language , word tuffàh ( ) means apple .
21	maitai was created by charles river ventures partner bill tai and annually features engineers , consultants , and venture capitalists from apple , facebook , and google among others .
1	most apple trees in modern orchard are grafted on to dwarf or semi-dwarf trees planted at high density .
11	it was arguably the altair computer that spawned the development of apple , as well as microsoft which produced and sold the altair basic programming language interpreter , microsoft 's first product .
23	notebooks with this feature include the dell studio and latitude series , some hp elitebooks and some hp envy models , and the apple macbook pro and macbook air .
10	plant foods eaten by the beech marten include cherries , apple , pear , plum , black nightshade , tomato , grape , raspberries and mountain ash .
34	some industrial groups allow , and often encourage , their fans to remix their music , notably nine inch nails , whose website contains a list of downloadable songs that can be remixed using apple 's garageband software .
23	his commercial work includes countless tv , radio and internet commercials for a diverse clientele such as : nike for wieden kennedy , apple for tbwa/chiat/day , toyota for saatchi and saatchi , and cisco systems and yahoo! for ogilvy and mather .
21	bunbury to walpole from bunbury , the highway goes through boyanup and on to donnybrook , the heart of wa 's apple country .
20	the music video for the single was directed by michelle hibbert and was featured on the first ever south african apple ipod nano commercial in 2007 and 2008 '' just like you are '' was also featured on a television campaign for local clothing store mr price and the south african student life magazine the second single , '' last week '' was banned from south african television due to the video 's violent nature the band released a cover version of the song nothing compares 2 u written in the 1980s by prince for the family and recorded by sinéad o'connor in 1990 '' do do do '' the first single from hey !
15	'' black and gold '' was made available as a digital download ( via the apple itunes store ) on 23 march 2008 as the lead single from sam sparro .
17	the song is an up-tempo number dealing - as the title suggests - with melsen eating an apple .
6	communities.com was originally located across from apple headquarters in cupertino , california .
0	apple founder steve jobs recalled that '' larry told me that 15 minutes into the meeting , he knew ray was the only guy he had met who was near smart enough to run oracle .
8	there are also estonian fruit wines made of apple or different berries .
26	plăcintă is a romania traditional pastry resembling a thin , small round or square-shaped cake , usually filled with a soft cheese such as urdă or apple .
14	wheat and oat are the main products grown , as well as potato , apple , and walnut .
4	the much sought-after winter apple , and especially the glan plum were sent by the wagonload in the months of september and october as far as hamburg .
23	due to an emerging technologies grant from alberta education , in the 2006-2007 and 2007-2008 school years , each student received their own apple macbook .
18	also it is a district that has a lot of valley of fruit like chirimoya , avocado , apple , tumbo , and other fruits .
16	later that same year he was again criticised in the daily telegraph for a report on apple 's iphone for bbc midlands today .
4	they survived by smelling apple and flower .
17	the rather absurd legal precedent in digidyne v. data general regarding bundling has never been applied to apple , which might never have been as profitable as it is today had it been forced to license its macintosh operating systems to competitors ( although it did do so temporarily , voluntarily , on a limited scale and for a limited period of time ) .
28	size comparison , from top to bottom , between : - a first generation ipod nano - a first generation iphone - a fourth generation ipod classic the apple ipod line has been upgraded many times , and each significant revision is called a '' generation '' .
25	in 1984 doyle , his wife holly , and son rob , developed macpublisher , the first desktop publishing software , for the newly introduced apple macintosh computer .
26	fruits that hold up well to being preserved in this manner include cherries , plum , peach , apricot , pear , starfruit , pineapple , apple , oranges , lemon , lime and clementine .
9	one of these prime examples can see through the apple product , the iphone , in which '' emoji '' are seen as icons in a separate keyboard to convey what words would have once delivered .
3	almost all modern apple in commercial use are propagated as dwarf or semi-dwarf trees for ease of picking and spraying .
8	in 2008 , gspn submitted an application to apple 's app store , but despite having similar functionality to other approved applications , was rejected ; the application was later accepted .
14	edward ashdown bunyard ( 1878 -- 1939 ) was a wealthy food writer and apple enthusiast famous for the books the anatomy of dessert , a handbook of hardy fruits , and the epicure 's companion .
10	in chile there are two main types of chicha : apple chicha produced in southern chile and grape chicha produced in central chile .
22	the group , it seems , has uploaded some secret documents , revealing indian government arm-twisting international mobile manufacturers like rim , apple , and nokia to assist in spying uscc .
41	'' gorp '' ( '' good old raisins and peanuts '' ) is a classic trail mix made with peanut , raisin , and m&m's a picture of some low-calorie vegetable snacks , including bell pepper , endive , beetroot , apple , asparagus , and tomato a snack is a portion of food often smaller than a regular meal , generally eaten between meals .
10	the region is also known for its cherry trees , apple trees , fish farms , and the abandoned sanatorium in the surrounding metropolitan area of bensmim .
4	in june 2005 , apple released itunes 4.9 with native support for podcasts .
34	origins the clafoutis comes from the limousin region of france , and while black cherries are traditional , there are numerous variations using other fruits , including red cherries , plum , prune , apple , pear , cranberries or blackberries .
3	a parody of apple 's get a mac series of commercials , with former writers chris elliott and gerard mulligan portraying the roles of mac and pc , respectively .
13	beginning with the itunes release of madonna's confessions on a dance floor , apple attempted to fix this for their music players by releasing a version of the album where some tracks were merged into a single track to create the effect of gapless playback .
43	because userland jailbreaks exploit holes ( vulnerabilities ) in ios ( not the bootrom , iboot , ibss etc. ) they affect users who are both jailbroken and not jailbroken ( potentially compromising the security of users who have not jailbroken ) , apple patched the exploit on versions 4.0 and 3.2.1 .
23	supper unit : canned meat , consisting of cervelat sausage , ( early version ) , either pork luncheon meat with carrot or apple ( first issue ) , beef and pork loaf ( second issue ) ; biscuits ; a 2-ounce ( 57 g ) d ration emergency chocolate bar , ( early version ) tropical bar , or ( in temperate climates ) commercial sweet chocolate bar ( late version ) , a packet of toilet paper tissues ; a four-pack of cigarettes ; chewing gum , and a bouillon packet ( cube or powder ) .
6	some stores inside the mall include apple , teavana , banana republic , a multi level h&m ( coming 2014 ) , ann taylor , build-a-bear workshop , coach , pandora , sephora , michael kors , white house/black market , williams-sonoma , and a two level dual gender forever 21 history augusta mall had about 90 retail spaces when it first opened , anchored by two department stores : rich's and davison's .
2	somrtimescalled ' apple 's sparkling wine ' .
26	availability while initially available only for macs with a superdrive , it was included until 2011 with all new macs ; from idvd 6 onwards , apple supports the ability to burn projects with third-party optical drives .
11	2005 sponsors for the 2005 conference included google , amazon.com , apple , microsoft , cerner , palantir technologies , wolfram research and others .
10	others copied the products of some famous corporations such as apple , hyatt and starbucks .
16	the forests in the national park are rich in fruit trees and bushes such as oriental apple -- malus orientalis , walnut - juglans regia , cornel - cornus mas , plum - prunus spp. , blackthorn - prunus spinosa , pear - pyrus communis subsp .
21	hair conrad , who had a white father and a cherokee mother , farmed the land near the cabin , growing apple , peach , and other produce .
7	bma 's faculty include award-winning professionals and apple - certified trainers .
12	antonovka apples antonovka or antonówka is a group of late-fall or early-winter apple cultivar with a strong acid flavor that have been popular in russia ( soviet union and the russian empire ) as well as in poland .
28	early settlers of fertile land in mesopotamia used wooden plow to soften the soil before planting crops such as barley , onion , grape , turnip , and apple .
23	known as sagardoa , the cider in basque cuisine is produced at cider house in areas such as astigarraga , spain , an apple growing region .
42	her programs for german public radio ( in german ) include pieces about the queen of sheba , morgan le fay , zora neale hurston , the mapuche people of patagonia , and the cultural histories of sheep , dragon and the apple , respectively .
8	in 1959 , barclay hauled several wagonloads of apple to the roadside and set up a makeshift stand .
0	apple , google , ibm , mcdonald's , and microsoft are the world 's five most valuable brands in an index published by millward brown .
43	nutrients and potential health effects sea-buckthorn berries are edible and nutritious , though astringent and oily , unpleasant to eat raw , unless ' bletted ' ( frost to reduce the astringency ) and/or mixed as a drink with sweeter substances such as apple or grape juice .
9	the township 's economy is heavily agricultural , with apple and cherries two prominent crops .
29	as of july 2013 , the ca/browser forum includes over 30 certificate authority members and the following five internet browser software vendors : microsoft ( internet explorer ) , apple ( safari ) , mozilla ( firefox ) , google ( chrome ) , and opera .
6	career he started his career at apple .
7	cowan is credited with bringing the first apple trees to the state of michigan in 1796 , a variety similar to the red calville which he brought to detroit .
3	in mid-2009 , apple released final cut pro version 7 and began support for inserting closed caption data into sd and hd tape masters via firewire and compatible video capture cards .
15	wintek is a maker of electronic components , mainly touch screens for devices such as apple 's iphone .
6	ios version chrome is available on apple 's mobile ios operating system as google chrome for ios .
15	jeff barnes ( scott krinsky ) is a member of the nerd herd specializing in apple products .
3	new york 's apple crop requires about 30,000 hives ; maine 's blueberry crop uses about 50,000 hives each year .
25	wine is produced by fermentation of the natural sugars present in grapes ; cider and perry are produced by similar fermentation of natural sugar in apple and pear , respectively ; and other fruit wine are produced from the fermentation of the sugars in and other kinds of fruit .
3	an application for apple 's ios ( ios 4.3 or later ) operating system and either the ipad ( 1st generation or later ) , iphone ( 3gs or later ) and ipod touch ( 3rd generation or later ) , was launched on 22 december 2011 .
35	in klayman ii , the plaintiffs sued the same government defendants and in addition , facebook , yahoo! , google , microsoft , youtube , aol , paltalk , skype , sprint , at&t , apple again alleging the bulk metadata collection violates the first , fourth and fifth amendment and constitutes divulgence of communication records in violation of section 2702 of stored communications act .
13	support for the patent form act of 2009 a number of companies ( apple , cisco systems , google , microsoft , oracle , palm , sap , among others ) and several coalitions ( coalition for patent fairness , business software alliance and the software and information industry association ) support the patent reform act of 2009 .
6	the most important produce comprises : apple ( 50 % of national production , together with south tyrol ) and other fruit , vegetables ( mainly in the val di gresta ) and grape : important especially for its quality , the latter is used for the production of dry and sparkling wines .
27	greens are a staple , such as chickweed , seedy ( lawn type ) grass heads , dandelion , carrot , broccoli , brussels sprout , and apple .
13	žemlovka ( moravian dialect : zemlbába ) is a sweet dish made of apple and rohlík or veka which are soaked by sweet milk .
5	hector barbossa is fond of apple , which appear throughout the first film .
7	in season , they eat acorn and apple .
14	support for windows media center was dropped , however an app was released for apple 's ios operating system , used on the ipad , iphone and ipod touch .
35	the fertile flatlands southeast of the town of krško along the banks of the sava , known as the krško-brežice plain ( krško - brežiško polje ) , are used for vineyards as well as apple , pear , peach , apricot , and plum orchards .
15	the east side of the garden features an orchard of plum , pear , and apple trees , many of which gardeners moved from the previous garden location .
7	the game is also being developed for apple macintosh computers .
2	the braeburn apple cultivar is discovered as a chance seedling in new zealand .
16	jeff barnes jeffrey '' jeff '' barnes is a member of the nerd herd specializing in apple products .
22	torta alla monferrina , an autumn speciality of the monferrato hills in north-west italy , is a cake made from pumpkin , apple and sugar , with dried fig , amaretti , chocolate , eggs , and rum , and baked in the oven .
23	in 1922 , she joined a research group at the low temperature research station associated with cambridge university to study the deterioration of apple in cold storage , a problem plaguing importers of the fruit .
8	it has a scent similar to banana and apple .
15	vimto is also available in a summer flavor , containing ingredients such as orange and apple both of which are cordial products .
2	many of apple 's recent iconic products were designed by sir jonathan ive .
0	apple uses this on the 2010 and 2011 macbook pro battery access - y1 size .
1	unlike apple 's a/ux , amiga unix contained no compatibility layer to allow amigaos applications to run under unix .
10	the hp eprint apps are free and include versions for apple iphones and android devices .
15	founderscard also offers travel , lifestyle , and business benefits geared specifically toward entrepreneurs including apple , virgin atlantic , and at & t wireless , as well as offers from innovative companies founded by fellow members .
54	in food it can be isolated from tea , capers ( 135 mg/100g ) , kale ( 26 mg/100g ) , dill ( 13 mg/100g ) , broccoli ( 6 mg/100g ) , witch-hazel , grapefruit , cabbage , beans , endive , leek , tomato , strawberries , grapes , brussels sprout , apple , and other plant sources .
21	implementations adaptive bit rate streaming was introduced by move networks and is now being developed and utilized by adobe systems , apple , microsoft and octoshape .
42	recently some initiatives have been started to encourage interest in such '' forgotten '' vegetables as common purslane , medlar , parsnip , and black salsify greenhouses are used to produce tomato , lettuce , cucumber , and sweet pepper fruits include apple , pear , cherries , berries , and plum the dutch keep cow both for milk and for their meat , chickens for their eggs and for meat , pig for their meat , and sheep for their wool and meat .
6	cripps pink is a variety of apple , from which apples meeting quality standards can be sold under the trade mark name pink lady .
19	the caterpillar feed on the bark of woody rosaceae of subfamily amygdaloideae , namely hawthorns ( crataegus ) , apple ( malus ) , cherries ( prunus ) and pear ( pyrus ) .
27	glenora and adolphustown both remain heavily reliant on agriculture and tourism ; visitors are invited to pick strawberries ( in-season in early july ) as well as apple at various commercial orchards on both sides of the bay of quinte .
13	bill represents the '' fruit os '' users , an obvious parody of apple 's mac os .
4	on december 16 , apple announced that beyoncé was the fastest selling album in the history of the itunes store , both in the us and worldwide .
5	gvarv is famous for its apple , sweet cherries and sour cherries ( as is the whole sauherad municipality ) .
9	local agriculture includes the growing of hops and cider apple and wine is made nearby at the frome valley vineyard .
31	appearance at shows recently , the companies or software products first given this nickname have set up a website and regularly schedule parties or meetups to coincide with events organised by apple such as macworld conference & expo or wwdc .
21	electronic arts released the game transformers : dark of the moon on june 28 , 2011 for nokia symbian smartphones , apple products ipod touch , iphone , and ipad and research in motion 's blackberry devices .
4	common fruit trees include apple , pear , peach , apricot , plum , persimmon and chinese quince .
22	the collection spans a huge variety of species , such as maple , spirea , deutzia , beech , plum and rare apple family members .
11	history founded by rameet chawla in 2009 following the release of apple 's app store , fueled began at general assembly , at the time a startup hub and incubator in manhattan 's flatiron district .
11	in 2011 pulse was selected as one of 50 apps in apple 's app store hall of fame and named one of time 's top 50 iphone apps of the year .
20	the website is only open to students and leverages discounts offered through partners such as percentage savings at sites like apple , microsoft , best buy , and groupon .
18	competition in the global mobile advertising market , inmobi primarily competes against google 's admob millennial media and apple 's iad .
8	in british columbia , she worked as an apple packer , in a post office , and as a correspondent for a local newspaper .
23	after his retirement , marinko became involved in the refrigeration business , with his company pioneering a particular method of cold storage for apple .
8	the road is considered as a lifeline for apple producing areas like jubbal , kotkhai , choupal and rohru .
14	devices shazam is also a free or low-cost application for some android devices , apple iphone , blackberry devices , nokia smartphones , windows phone devices , and most sony ericsson phones ( not to be confused with sony ericsson 's own trackid , which is a similar application ) .
6	some in the industry , including apple , use x86-64 and x86 64 , while others , notably sun microsystems ( now oracle corporation ) and microsoft , use x64 while the bsd family of oss and several linux distributions use amd64 .
4	it was developed by apple as '' firewire '' in the late 1980s and early 1990s , and macintosh computers have supported '' firewire target disk mode '' since 1999 .
7	as a result of a lawsuit by apple , gem was forced to remove the stacking capabilities , making it a tiling window manager .
21	today the arboretum contains about 2000 trees , as well as notable collections of shrubs , four hundred varieties of heritage apple and pear trees , and three hundred varieties of lilac .
2	orchard - apple , pear , cherry , plum , and japanese persimmon trees .
23	common hardware reference platform ( chrp ) was a standard system architecture for powerpc - based computer systems published jointly by ibm and apple in 1995 .
7	at the same time , nut , apple , mulberries , corn and clover became sources of revenue .
27	other major clients of the firm have included general motors , brown & williamson , motorola , conseco , honeywell , s. c. johnson & son , apple , intel , raytheon , schering-plough , samsung electronics , siemens ag , charter communications and westinghouse electric company .
7	this case uses magnets , similar to apple 's smart cover .
44	in 2004 , washington ranked first in the nation in production of red raspberries ( 90.0 % of total u.s. production ) , wrinkled seed pea ( 80.6 % ) , hops ( 75.0 % ) , spearmint oil ( 73.6 % ) , apple ( 58.1 % ) , sweet cherries ( 47.3 % ) , pear ( 42.6 % ) , peppermint oil ( 40.3 % ) , concord grape ( 39.3 % ) , carrot for processing ( 36.8 % ) , and niagara grape ( 31.6 % ) .
5	like that of the related apple , the pear fruit is a pome , in most wild species diameter , but in some cultivated forms up to long and broad ; the shape varies in most species from oblate or globose , to the classic pyriform ' pear-shape ' of the european pear with an elongated basal portion and a bulbous end .
14	a distinct population emerged in north america in the 19th century some time after apple , a non-native species , were introduced .
0	apple -- fassbrause is a non-alcoholic or alcoholic ( depends from the brand ) german drink made from fruit and spices and malt extract , traditionally stored in a keg .
4	the larvae feed on apple , crataegus , cerasus , pyrus , armeniaca , persica and prunus species ( including prunus sargentii ) .
8	infection of its host fruits , such as apple and pear takes place post-harvest .
12	the druids preferred yew for wand-making over their other favorite woods , apple and oak .
30	other recorded food plants include birch , elm , maple , oak , basswood , butternut , cherry , beech , hickory , balsam poplar , chestnut , hazel , apple , lilac and dogwood .
7	legacy the game is only compatible with apple computers which use the mac os running on powerpc processors , and it was not ported to the pc .
16	although the underwater audio specializes in waterproof ipod shuffles , the company is not affiliated with apple .
25	the economy of the village is basically agrarian , with the cultivation on its irrigated and unirrigated land of almond , cereal , pear , apple , olive , peach , etc. arbeca is situated in the north-northeast of les garrigues , near the comarques of pla d'urgell and urgell , and about 30 kilometers from lleida , the capital of the province of the same name .
22	the fruit is an edible oval drupe deep ; when immature it is smooth-green , with the consistency and taste of an apple , maturing brown to purplish-black and eventually wrinkled , looking like a small date .
8	the school has recently announced the shift to apple products for the 2014-2015 school year .
11	referenced developers for adobe systems , quark , inc . , apple and microsoft , j2s develops and provides : iphone apps flex & air rich clients indesign & indesign server plug-ins livecycle product integration ( livecyle designer , livecyle forms , livecyle workflow ... ) other extensions ( photoshop , acrobat , illustrator , quarkxpress , ... ) applications operating on windows and/or macos handling of file formats ( xml , xmp , iptc , jpeg , pdf , ... ) internet technologies ( apache , flex , asp , php , cgi , html ... ) the preferred language is c++ and actionscript , other languages used include c , php , asp , pascal , visual basic , and perl .
13	technical features monster maker was a cross-platform hybrid cd-rom that worked in both apple macintosh and microsoft windows computers .
5	morel mushroom growing in old apple orchard that had been treated with lead arsenate may accumulate levels of toxic lead and arsenic that are unhealthy for human consumption .
15	other uses the oil of the flower may be added to perfume to infuse an apple scent into them .
8	major agricultural products of chile include grape , apple , pear , onion , wheat , maize , oat , peach , garlic , asparagus , bean , beef , poultry , wool , fish and timber .
49	easter breakfast a typical easter breakfast often consists of cold-cuts served with horseradish sauce and beet salads , breads , bigos , żurek , kiełbasa , smoked salmon or herring , marinated vegetable salads , easter salad ( chopped boiled eggs , green peas , cwikła , carrot , apple , potato , parsley and mayonnaise ) coffee , tea and cakes , i.e. chocolate cake , makowiec , mazurek , sernik , etc. regional cuisine poland has a number of unique regional cuisines with regional differences in preparations and ingredients .
0	apple ios 7 , released on september 18 , 2013 is the first large scale commercial deployment of multipath tcp .
3	berry blast : apple , blackcurrant , grape , raspberry .
19	through its website , sipgate provides a software application , entitled sipgate , that may be installed on the apple iphone .
4	the sandow is an apple cultivar that 's an '' open-pollinated seedling of northern spy '' that was created in 1912 .
11	in september 2009 , the hava player was released to the apple iphone and the ipod touch .
0	apple had worked with parc briefly at that time .
28	some traditional turkish desserts are fruit-based : ayva tatlısı ( quince ) , incir tatlısı ( fig ) , kabak tatlısı ( pumpkin ) , elma tatlısı ( apple ) and armut tatlısı ( pear ) .
5	she wears golden , gold apple earrings ( red ones in chapter 1 , or season 1 , of the webisodes ) .
21	steve jobs ( february 24 , 1955 -- october 5 , 2011 ) , was the co-founder and former ceo of apple , the largest disney shareholder , and a member of disney 's board of directors .
19	the larvae feed on various trees and shrubs including oak , willow , birch , honeysuckle , sorbus , apple and pear .
5	economy loutrochori produces cherries , apple , some strawberries and peach .
15	the island has a mixed vegetation , including hardwood tree stands , remnant pear and apple orchards , ornamental trees and shrubs , open meadows , sumac groves , salt marsh grasses , and lawns , including a soccer field .
19	angry birds was the studio 's 52nd game for the iphone where it reached no. 1 spot in the apple app store chart after six months and then stayed there for months .
21	defectivebydesign.org proclaimed october 3 , 2006 to be a '' day against drm '' , and organized several events outside key apple stores in the us and the uk .
96	2001 - nýbúinn ( skífan ) 2002 - sól að morgni ( skífan ) 2003 - 1000 kossa nótt ( skífan ) 2004 - blindsker ( skífan ) , soundtrack 2004 - tvíburinn ( skífan ) 2005 - ást ( skífan ) 2005 - í 6 skrefa fjarlægð frá paradís ( skífan ) 2005 - gleðileg jól ( tolli / bónus ) 2006 - bláir ( íslenskir tónar ) 2006 - lögin mín ( sena ) 2006 - 06.06.06 ( sena ) 2007 - góð verk 07 ( stafræn útgáfa fyrir ipod ) ( sena / apple ) , compilation release .
9	brand new school has directed commercials for companies including apple , coca-cola , ikea , old navy , starbucks , target and pepsi .
28	some common and familiar eudicots include members of the sunflower family such as the common dandelion , the forget-me-not , cabbage and other members of its family , apple , buttercup , maple , and macadamia .
84	he also seems to love stuffed toy , as evident in pitchin ' impossible in many episodes , he is seen doing many random things with body parts from dead characters , like using mime 's head for a jack o'lantern , using sniffles ' head for a bowling ball , mistaking disco bear 's severed head for a watermelon and weighing it on a scale , mistaking giggles ' heart as a piece of litter , and mistaking cuddles ' eye for an apple .
5	this version incorporated changes from apple and made the licence less specific to openwatcom .
19	the revised edition desert to dream : a dozen years of burning man photography relaunched in 2011 along with apple 's ios ebook version .
17	these are categorised by the brewers as : single varietal cider , where only one type of apple is used .
0	apple used a number of c t controllers in their powerbook line .
3	since 2001 , apple has featured wefunk in its itunes radio directory , introducing the show to a large worldwide audience .
4	the larvae feed on apple , pear , cherry and plum .
21	the song '' the audience is listening theme song '' from the audience 's listening has been featured in a 2g apple ipod nano advertisement .
13	the area around alexandreia has the greatest production of peach in greece and apple , pear , tobacco , and cotton are also grown at large .
9	the peninsula is also a productive fruit region growing apple and tart cherries .
11	cover flow has also been implemented in other software published by apple such as itunes .
11	the most popular version of racuchy is stuffed with slices of apple and served with sugar .
3	they sometimes eat apple .
5	brophy has partnered up with apple to buy the tablets in a large purchase .
8	the king byerd is a cornish cultivar of apple .
6	macintosh rom files are owned by apple and can not be legally distributed .
8	in some color printers , such as the apple imagewriter ii , the printer moved the ribbon relative to the fixed print head assembly .
5	siri inc. was acquired by apple in 2010 , and siri is now an integral part of ios 5 .
31	the first single '' just like you are '' was played on radio stations around the country and was also chosen as the official soundtrack for the first ever south african apple ipod nano commercial which was broadcast regularly on multiple channels on satellite television over the festive season .
14	in greek mythology , the epimeliads or epimelides are nymphs who are protectors of apple trees .
12	as such , it competes with commercially developed operating systems such as apple 's ios , google 's android , microsoft 's windows phone and jolla 's sailfish os as well as other community-based open source systems such as ubuntu touch .
27	the town center comprises retail outlets and a number of office buildings , including the main european offices of several international companies including canon , pricewaterhousecoopers , apple , wms gaming , unisys , kuehne + nagel , parexel , xerox , arri , bristol-myers squibb , monster energy , apl , herbalife europe and anixter international .
29	gridrunner ios is an arcade style shoot 'em up video game developed by jeff minter and ivan zorzin of acclaimed independent uk software house llamasoft and published via the apple app store .
7	it was very well received and achieved apple editor choice featuring .
7	for example , among other goods an apple is a tangible object , while news belongs to an intangible class of goods and can be perceived only by means of an instrument such as print , broadcast or computer .
17	the difference in virus vulnerability between macs and windows is a chief selling point , one that apple uses in their get a mac advertising .
34	though jha managed to restore some of the lost luster to motorola mobility , through its last years as a division and then as an independent company , it still struggled against samsung and apple .
31	he is a graduate of st martins college of art in london , the art center college of design in switzerland , and has previously worked for ideo , porsche and apple .
24	original version the original formulation contained 106 mg of caffeine , 33 g of sugar , fruit of the açaí palm , 68 % apple juice , 5 % lemon juice , carbonated water , fructose and malt extract and trace quantities of guarana and ginseng , per 250 ml can .
10	for kfarsghab , the crops are summer fruits , mainly apple and pear .
18	grupo la norteñita , is a mexican multinational corporation headquartered in cuauhtemoc , chihuahua , mexico that produces apple whose quality and quantity is ranked second worldwide after .
13	pruno , or prison wine , is an alcohol beverage variously made from apple , orange , fruit cocktail , candy , ketchup , sugar , milk , and possibly other ingredients , including crumbled bread .
13	the n95 's main competitors during its lifetime were the lg prada , apple 's iphone and the sony ericsson w950i .
25	grant has presented for leaders at organizations such as google , the nfl , merck , pixar , goldman sachs , facebook , microsoft , apple , the united nations , the world economic forum , and the us army , the us navy , and the us air force .
14	fruits are also greatly appreciated in egypt : mango , grape , banana , apple , sycamore , guava , and peach are very popular , especially because they are all domestically produced therefore are available in relatively low prices .
8	hypertransport has also been used by ibm and apple for the power mac g5 machines , as well as a number of modern mips systems .
12	before joining at & t , he was senior vice president at apple , where he led the worldwide research and development group responsible for mac os software , macintosh hardware , imaging and other peripheral products development .
10	amazing animation was a program published by claris for the apple macintosh in 1994 .
53	history development although htc has developed several notable android devices , such as the dream -- the first publicly released android device , it failed to capitalize on the first-mover advantage , and has struggled financially in recent years due to the increasing market share captured by other vendors such as samsung and apple .
9	over the years , many of arbor lodge 's apple orchards were demolished , but in the 1990s their restoration began with plantings of winesap , golden delicious , red delicious , jonathan , and jonadels .
12	the company introduced the aac audio compression technology , currently used by apple 's itunes download store .
20	lehman 's orchard covered more than , with about 40 apricot , pear , peach , crabapple , plum and apple trees in the 1930s , of more than 100 trees at its peak .
5	crops grown include vegetables , apple , grape and stone fruit .
8	agriculture it produces principally maize , plum , apple , pea and faba bean .
9	february 26 60 minutes airs a report claiming that apple sprayed with alar may cause cancer in children , leading many schools to remove apples from their cafeterias .
6	benzoic acid is also formed in apple after infection with the fungus nectria galligena .
3	the bindings to apple libraries are absent , but the environment can interface with dynamic libraries .
53	traditionally rugby union and cricket playing areas , there is a three counties showground situated in the worcestershire town of malvern that holds an annual agricultural show , and the area is also referred to in the names of local businesses and in the three counties cider and perry association - the popular apple and pear derived alcoholic beverages some of the finest of which are made in this area .
58	example conferences some of the busiest conferences on cix are enquire within ( general discussion ) , bikers , windows xp ( support for , and discussion of , windows xp ) , windows vista , digital tv , philology ( words and their derivations ) , cultmedia , mac ( support for , and discussion of , apple computers and mac os ) , amiga ( discussion of the 68k/ppc amiga platforms ) , carp ( the campaign for real pedantry - discussion of any fine points of detail , often concentrating on the use and abuse of the english language ) , internet , own .
8	the a.p.p.l.e. is one of the oldest official apple users groups in existence and specializes in providing users usable freeware and shareware .
32	students ranked in the school 's top 1 % occasionally get a class period ( work experience ) that permits them to leave school early and go to local businesses such as apple , safeway , and the habit to work in $ 25-an-hour internships .
11	in 1797 he published a treatise on the culture of the apple and pear , and on the manufacture of cider and perry , a work which passed through several editions .
20	this platform won much respect from its peers ( including praise from steve jobs the noted entrepreneur and founder of apple ) but was compromised by some of the shortcuts taken in the hardware for the initial webos , and indeed palm 's final device offerings , the palm pre , and palm pixi .
10	hypermeganet ug claims it is acting within the law because apple 's eula -- that forbids installation of mac os x on non-apple branded computers -- only applies if it can be seen before purchase , according to german law .
7	tentation ® delblush is a new commercial apple variety ( also known as delblush ) , that was created in france in 1979 by georges delbard as the result of a crossing of grifer ( blushing golden ) golden delicious .
19	the company designs and manufactures fashion-forward mobile accessories for a variety of smartphone , readers and tablets - including apple , amazon , blackberry , samsung , htc , google , windows , nokia , motorola , lg and sony ericsson .
29	economy balidat ameur 's economy is centered around the farming of date palm , but also features other agricultural crops such as olive , pomegranate , tree grape , apple and plum .
15	elsewhere druids made their wands from only three woods : yew , oak , and apple .
49	edmondson focused throughout his radioshack career on marketing these core strengths and established powerful strategic alliances with major technology suppliers , including ibm , compaq , hp , sprint pcs , verizon wireless , cingular wireless , microsoft , rca , dish network , sirius satellite radio , and apple .
4	considering the politics of apple products where technologies and intellectual property are carefully controlled , goggin finds that the iphone is similarly entangled in policies and practices that '' circumscribe and manage '' how users consume and adapt this technology .
32	crops which support aphid populations include wheat , sorghum , sweet corn , alfalfa , soybean , pea , bean , cotton , potato , brassica crops , tomato , asparagus and apple .
14	neofabraea malicorticis is a plant pathogen that causes bull 's - eye rot on apple and pear .
16	less usual foods that have been reported are dried vegetable remains , dried fruits ( especially apple and raisin ) , horn shavings ( an organic fertilizer ) , cork and even refined sugar .
19	c 5 h 11 ) is an ester used in dilute solution to replicate the scent or flavor of apple , and sometimes pineapple .
7	pear are the most susceptible , but apple , loquat , crabapple , quince , hawthorn , cotoneaster , pyracantha , raspberry and some other rosaceous plants are also vulnerable .
8	rosh hashanah rosh hashana symbols : shofar , apple and honey , pomegranates , kiddush wine erev rosh hashanah ( eve of the first day ) : 29 elul rosh hashanah : 1 -- 2 tishrei according to oral tradition , rosh hashanah ( ראש השנה ) ( lit. , '' head of the year '' ) is the day of memorial or remembrance ( יום הזכרון , yom hazikaron ) , and the day of judgment ( יום הדין , yom hadin ) .
12	he also had an interest in telecommunications , sparked by the first apple computers , and became known as a telecommunications whiz whose successes included a crusade to boost internet access in remote alaska villages .
0	apple almond ash beech crepe myrtle chestnut dogwood elm ficus grape hazelnut hornbeam laburnum linden maple olive peach pear privet river red gum sycamore willow wisteria conjoined trees two trees may grow to their mature size adjacent to each other and seemingly grow together or conjoin , demonstrating the process of inosculation .
15	the community was founded in 1910 and is named after the ben davis variety of apple .
0	apple had the software taken down from several servers for violating this law .
5	in june , 2005 , apple added podcasting to its itunes 4.9 music software and building a directory of podcasts at its itunes music store .
6	these topics included hashtags referring to apple , the iphone , mousavi ( the iranian presidential candidate ) as well as other hashtags relating to the 2009 iranian election protests .
35	my little pony : twilight sparkle , teacher for a day ( 2011 ) is a puzzle / storybook game developed by ruckus media , published by hasbro , and released for ios devices on apple 's app store .
8	tartu rose tartu rose ( ) is an apple cultivar from estonia .
6	they also eat crops such as apple , and will raid maize and sorghum .
21	espn media outlets espn mvp/mobile the book those guys have all the fun : inside the world of espn notes that apple ceo steve jobs reportedly told espn president george bodenheimer in reference to an espn-branded samsung flip-phone released in 2006 , '' your phone is the dumbest fucking idea i have ever heard '' .
36	in the wake of the mass shooting at a theater in aurora , colorado on july 20 , the trailer was pulled from most theaters running before films and airing on television , and removed from apple 's trailer site and youtube due to a scene in which characters shoot submachine gun at moviegoers through the screen of grauman 's chinese theatre .
21	they can also be found in the fruits ( and wilting leaves ) of the rose family ( including cherries , apple , plum , almonds , peach , apricot , raspberries , and crabapple ) .
5	cheaper varieties are diluted with apple and/or pectin .
2	atlassian confluence apple calendar contactizer em client fruux facebook firstclass google calendar huddle liquidplanner lotus notes lotus organizer meeting maker ( peoplecube ) microsoft entourage microsoft exchange server microsoft office outlook 2000 microsoft office outlook 2007 microsoft office outlook 2010 microsoft office outlook 2013 microsoft works calendar midas web based room and resource scheduling software which allows export of bookings in ical format myphoneexplorer freeware phone manager for sonyericsson mobile phones .
17	history z-maestro development began in 2006 in an attempt to introduce a product that could compete with apple garageband for ease of use and professional products like fl studio and logic pro for features .
3	however , an apple floats down from the tree and seems to hover in alice 's face .
37	computer-based dvd ( digital versatile disk ) drives dvd recorder drives have become standard equipment in many , though not all , computer systems currently on the market , after being initially popularized by the pioneer / apple superdrive ; aftermarket drives as of early 2007 can cost as little as $ 23 .
9	while the megarray connector is physically similar to the apple power mac g4 cpu daughtercard connector , it is not electrically compatible .
19	nat port mapping protocol ( nat-pmp ) is an internet engineering task force rfc , introduced in 2005 by apple as an alternative to the more common iso standard internet gateway device ( igd ) standardized device control protocol implemented in many network address translation ( nat ) router .
2	in 2007 apple released the iphone followed by the app store .
5	utah in northern utah , apple trees commonly grow along the banks of canals .
29	main branch of economy is agriculture , is growing cereals ( barley , wheat , oats ) , vegetables , tobacco , sunflower and permanent crops : orchards ( apple , cherry , hair ) and vine .
49	industry response when surface was first announced , critics noted that the device represented a significant departure for microsoft , as the company had previously relied exclusively on third-party oems to produce devices running windows , and began shifting towards a first-party hardware model with similarities to that of apple .
16	in celebration of their 10th birthday , they offered twitter users the chance to win an apple macbook pro just by tweeting their tag ; '' # moonfruit '' .
1	the apple ipad 2 and iphone 4s with the a5 soc also feature a dual-core sgx543mp2 .
14	after lead developer jeremy andrus left for a job on the darwin kernel at apple , the project has been headed by jason nieh .
4	for example , when apple introduced the ipad , it took sales away from the original macintosh , but ultimately led to an expanded market for consumer computing hardware .
0	apple a user of gcc , and a heavy user of both drm and patents decided to switch the compiler in its xcode ide from gcc to clang , another foss compiler , but which is under a permissive license .
9	' tompkins king ' is a triploid cultivar of apple , also called ' king ' or ' king of tompkins county ' .
32	in 1981 , the third ball was revamped in honor of the i love new york campaign , with red lightbulbs and a green stem to give it the appearance of an apple .
12	steve works for a computer sales and repair company that concentrates on apple products .
9	' ribston pippin ' is a triploid cultivar of apple , also known as ` essex pippin ' , ` beautiful pippin ' , ` formosa ' , ` glory of york ' , ` ribstone ' , ` rockhill 's russet ' and ` travers ' .
10	tomatoes , pumpkin and some fruits such as quince , apple or melon are also used to make dolma in turkish cuisine .
33	golden power golden power was a norwegian-produced sparkling fruit wine ( not to be confused with an energy drink of the same name ) , made of 70 % rhubarb , 20 % apple and 10 % grape juice , which was produced by vingården ( the røed farm in filtvet , in the tofte area , in hurum ) , associated with owner frantz michaelsen .
14	as of february 20 , 2012 mobile version of aceproject is made available in apple 's app store .
10	c 5 h 11 ) is an ester found in apple and pineapple fruits .
5	crop-specific symptoms include : ; apple : ' bitter pit ' -- fruit skins develop pits , brown spots appear on skin and/or in flesh and taste of those areas is bitter .
15	after the premiere , it was streamed on yahoo! , msn , windows media , apple , mtv , vh1 , ifilm and madonna.com .
0	apple chose the game to demonstrate the graphics capabilities of their iphone 6 and metal graphics api at the iphone 6 's announcement event .
40	the country was the destination for berkshire hathaway 's first investment outside the united states when it purchased iscar metalworking , and the first research and development centers outside the united states for companies including intel , microsoft , and apple .
5	ginger gold is a yellow apple variety which entered commerce in the 1980s , though the original seedling dates from the late 1960s .
29	some modern mice can scroll horizontally as well as vertically , using a scroll-wheel ( introduced by microsoft ) , scroll ball ( found , for example , on apple 's mighty mouse ) , pointing stick , or a second scroll wheel .
29	at 14 , he was also the managing director of his own web design firm , had created six apps , and was a delegate to attend the 2012 apple conference .
5	affected plants include onion , apple , pea , french bean , cherry and raspberry , and symptoms include yellowing of leaves with smallest leaf veins remaining green to produce a ` chequered ' effect .
3	world 's rarest apple was discovered on bardsey island in 2000 .
9	since 2005 , nat-pmp has been implemented in various apple products .
32	in a piece for the atlantic , ian bogost wrote that its game , visual , and interaction design '' embodied an elegant minimalism '' akin to the bauhausian aesthetic promoted by apple .
16	among major internet technology companies and corporations , google uses '' website '' , as does apple , though microsoft uses both '' website '' and '' web site '' .
27	competitors included mitsubishi with their diamondtron nf brand of flat aperture grille crt displays , as used in certain computer monitors from mitsubishi , nec , and apple .
15	prior to the release of the album , three promotional singles were released exclusively on apple 's itunes store .
5	ifixit product teardown of new apple products are carried by pc world , the mac observer , and other publications .
6	history canvas was initially introduced by apple for use inside their own mac os x webkit component in 2004 , powering applications like dashboard widgets and the safari browser .
8	the area is noted for maple sugar and apple orchard .
6	cerasse , a bitter jamaica herb apple , rose hip , orange zest , papaya , peppermint , liquorice root , lemon grass , cinnamon , blackcurrant , rose and mallow blossoms .
5	chief crops included hay , apple , grape and cranberries .
3	there is an apple orchard by the walls .
9	in 1998 , earthlink entered partnerships with sprint , apple , compusa , and other companies that helped it reach 1 million members by the end of the year .
14	the 3.0 ghz x5365 arrived in july 2007 , and became available in the apple mac pro on 4 april 2007 .
18	on march 30 , 2011 , agon online announced due to the competition from openfeint , plus+ and apple game center , it would shut down on june 30 , 2011 and delete all user data .
9	portable object compiler besides the gcc / next / apple implementation , which added several extensions to the original stepstone implementation , another free , open-source objective-c implementation called the portable object compiler also exists .
19	ester of p - coumaryl alcohol and fatty acid are the basis of epicuticular wax covering the surfaces of apple .
9	acorn is sometimes referred to as the '' british apple '' and has been compared to fairchild semiconductor for being a catalyst for start-ups .
12	system g is a cluster supercomputer at virginia tech consisting of 324 apple mac pro computers with a total of 2592 processing cores .
12	engage mobile solutions develops software for mobile devices , smartphones ( including apple ios devices and google android devices ) and wearable computing devices including google glass .
17	steve capps is an american computer programmer , who was one of the designers of the original apple macintosh computer .
55	cast priyanka chopra as alisha merchant uday chopra as abhay sharma dino morea as varun sanghvi / siddhart '' sidhu '' advika yadav ( child artist ) as tanya , alisha 's daughter anupam kher as abhay 's father rahul vohra as c. p arjun sablok as mr. jaspreet jugal hansraj as man at the apple store ( special appearance ) madhura naik as alisha 's friend saidah jules release the film was promoted on the show music ka maha muqqabla on 10 january 2010 by priyanka chopra and uday chopra on star plus and on bigg boss on 19 december 2009 by priyanka chopra and uday chopra .
16	this venture was funded in part by jerome wiesner , richard leghorn of itek , and apple 's john sculley , and won contracts worth $ 7.8 million from the defense advanced research projects agency ( darpa ) .
13	he was , at various times , chief scientist at next inc. and apple 's chief cryptographer .
16	the game is played by filling a tub or a large basin with water and putting apple in the water .
7	in addition , seeds containing amygdalin -- apple , apricot , bitter almond , peach , plum , cherry , quince , and others -- when consumed in sufficient amounts , may cause cyanide poisoning .
6	production of cash crops such as apple , orange and cardamom have increased and have become profitable .
6	the book discusses fanaticism about the apple product line .
13	in the eastern us , the gypsy moth prefers oaks , aspen , apple , sweetgum , speckled alder , basswood , gray , paper birch , poplar , willow , and hawthorns , amongst other species .
11	it has been described as '' a wink and nod to apple 's ipod and iphone '' , while former ad age writer matt carmichael notes that the lowercase '' i '' in igeneration '' leaves room for interpretation '' and '' could be any number of things : it could be for interactive , it could be for international , it could be for something we have n't thought of yet .
18	it was released by its developer telltale games for microsoft windows , playstation 3 , xbox 360 , apple .
10	products rogers wireless carries feature phone and smartphone made by apple , blackberry , htc , lg , motorola , nokia , samsung and sony .
7	in may 1994 , juri was at apple 's worldwide developers conference for the first time .
24	'' on august 24 of that same year , dell announced that they also discontinued the dj ditty in the face of competition from apple , manufacturer of the ipod , and other mp3 player manufacturers .
10	in july 2007 , rumors circulated that griffin was dating apple co-founder steve wozniak .
11	it was additionally touted as '' the most environmentally friendly ipod apple has ever made '' , containing arsenic - free glass and a bfr - , mercury - , and pvc - free design .
15	the farms offer customers the chance to pick their own fruits and vegetables , primarily apple and strawberries , or already-harvested produce .
7	they are credited with planting the first apple trees in denmark in the abbey garden .
17	among them are founders , ceos and presidents of leading multinational corporations , including general electric , apple , hewlett-packard , comcast , ubs , jpmorgan chase , blackrock , nasdaq , moelis & company , sac capital advisors , och-ziff capital management , commerce bancorp , sysco , deutsche post , united parcel service , boeing , general dynamics , american airlines , us airways , northwest airlines , bhp billiton , johnson & johnson , medtronic , biogen idec , cisco systems , oracle corporation , philips , fuji xerox , pfizer , pepsi , loews corporation , wrigley company , h & r block , metlife , paypal , tesla motors , spacex , boston scientific , qvc , time , mcgraw-hill , first reserve corporation , cbs , j.d . power & associates , universal health services and zynga , along with many others .
5	it was released to the apple app store on september 22 , 2011 .
15	for a long time the only way to play back sorenson video was to use apple 's quicktime or mplayer , which used dll files extracted from quicktime for windows .
5	willow creek makes wine from apple and pumpkin , and has a separate brand for non-estate wines , named '' wilde cock '' after the owner and the rooster that live at the farm .
0	apple , peach and persimmon brandies were also produced .
2	in an apple presentation held in 2006 , steve jobs noted that this was his favorite track of all time .
7	integrated iris pro graphics was adopted by apple for their late-2013 15-inch macbook pro laptops ( with retina display ) , which for the first time in the history of series did not have discrete graphics , although only for the low-end model .
3	a selection of apple devices , including various iphone , ipad , and ipod touch models ; all of which are considered to be examples of '' post-pc devices '' .
7	this prompt is used on sun , apple , and other computers with the forth-based open firmware ( openboot ) .
15	other common ingredients are additional grated or chopped fresh fruit ( e.g. , banana , apple , berries , grape , mango ) , dried fruit , milk products ( e.g. , fresh milk , yogurt , cream , condensed milk , fromage frais , quark , cottage cheese , or nondairy milk substitutes ) , lemon juice , ground nut , seeds , spices ( especially cinnamon ) , honey and muesli mix .
12	both the dry and sweet styles of erbaluce tend to exhibit characteristic apple aromas and flavors .
17	it was released for the ios operating system on 13 january 2012 and is available for the apple ipad and iphone .
22	high profile exits include those of zyb to vodafone europe bv in may 2008 for $ 50 million and polar rose to apple in september 2010 for a mooted $ 22 million .
15	computer lettering the evolution of desktop publishing powered by computers , especially those made by apple , began in the 1980s , and started having a gradual impact on comics lettering soon after .
21	contre jour is a physics-based puzzle video game for standard web browsers ( html5 ) , windows phone , android , apple ios and symbian .
0	apple did n't join this working group , and delayed w3c recommendation of its touch events specification by disclosing patents late in the recommendation process .
18	an ssd can also be completely integrated in the other circuitry of the device , as in the apple macbook air ( starting with the fall 2010 model ) .
2	he loves apple and is allergic to cherries .
21	this technique , possible in many professional and home software applications , is termed '' the ken burns effect '' in apple 's iphoto , imovie and final cut pro x software applications .
18	the festival was originally created in 1962 as a way to provide a market for the county 's apple production .
2	the mcintosh apple was discovered and cultivated in south dundas near williamsburg .
21	hardware since version 3.13 rockbox enables opus playback on supported portable media players , including products from the ipod series by apple , devices made by iriver , archos and sandisk , and on android devices using '' rockbox as an application '' ( raaa ) .
20	as watchespn on april 7 , 2011 , espn released a mobile app called watchespn on the app store for apple devices , using the same subscriber authentication functionality to allow access to simulcasts of the available espn channels on the service via the iphone , ipad and ipod touch ; the app was released on the android market ( now google play ) on may 9 , 2011 .
15	the river allows the río negro province to produce 65 % of the pear and apple of argentina .
22	it is a long-standing tradition in many tribal communities that the first born child of any couple shall be presented with an apple randomly picked from a tree by their paternal grandparents on the day of their birth .
24	it is often taken with '' english-style '' ( clear and carbonated ) lemonade , as well as various chopped fresh ingredients , particularly apple , cucumber , oranges , lemon , strawberry , and mint or borage , though nowadays most substitute mint .
0	apple has used a variety of advertising campaign to promote its ipod portable digital media player .
42	also , the symbol is known as saint john 's arms or saint hannes cross , related to swedish sankthanskors and finnish hannunvaakuna , as gorgon loop , and as command key symbol due to its use on the command key on apple computer keyboard .
27	reception across the various platforms , priority matrix has over 70,000 paid customers , and has been ranked among the 10 highest downloaded productivity apps in the apple app store .
20	this unique characteristic of asexual reproduction helped to develop a number of cultivars of fruits and vegetables including grape , apple , pear and peach .
7	after demoing their product on an early apple computer , businesses became interested in obtaining their product .
18	warner developed into a prosperous farming community which produced meat , dairy goods , vegetable , hay and apple .
5	ios version iphone os 3 apple released messages for the iphone as a built-in application with iphone os 3.0 on june 17 , 2009 .
13	it can be used to make a german style light white wine with apple and pear flavors .
31	other exotic species included acacia mollissima , cupressus macrocarpa , eucalyptus cladocalyx , e. diversicolor , e. globulus , e. ovata , e. paniculata , e. pilularis , liriodendron tulipifera , apple , guava and quince .
11	history opentype 's origins date to microsoft 's attempt to license apple 's advanced typography technology gx typography in the early 1990s .
26	following this , the lumia 920 would frequently be listed among the '' elite '' group smartphone during its time , otherwise populated by heavyweights from apple and samsung .
6	it was originally developed for the apple macintosh and released in 1986 .
17	she was subsequently awarded a lavoisier scholarship from the french government and became animator in residence at apple 's advanced technology group , where she directed donor party , and taught at city college of san francisco , california college of arts and crafts , university of california , berkeley , san francisco art institute , and the san francisco academy of art university prior to joining mica .
24	one major u.s. beekeeper reports moving his hives from idaho to california in january to prepare for almond pollination in february , then to apple orchard in washington in march , to north dakota two months later for honey production , and then back to idaho by november a journey of several thousands of miles .
18	it consists of wheat flakes , dried fruit ( sultanas , raisin , coconut , banana , and apple ) and hazelnut .
19	over 100 best buy express zoomshops have rolled out into airports and malls across the u.s. carrying products from apple and many other electronics brands .
49	john calhoun mentioned that he 'd like to create a successor to glider pro that went back to the roots of glider ( for example , by having fewer objects and all-indoor houses ) but that it would have to wait until he 's done with his work at apple .
14	cultivation pear tree in flower european pear trees are not quite as hardy as apple , but nearly so .
14	well-known members of rosales include : rose , strawberries , blackberries and raspberries , apple and pear , plum , peach and apricot , almond , rowan and hawthorn , jujube , elm , banyan , figs , mulberries , breadfruit , nettle , hops , and cannabis .
8	shopcade is available to download for free on apple and android mobile devices .
10	the variety of '' fakeflash '' trojans discovered have prompted apple to update its software for the os x platform .
13	the app was a # 1 best-seller on the itunes store and won apple 's prestigious award for best designed app of 2011 .
23	as with the rest of kala , m.i.a. and co-composer switch relied heavily on logic pro , a digital audio workstation produced by apple , and were able to capture vocals and background sounds outside the traditional studio environment , using a microphone and a macbook pro . consisting of urumee drum percussion , trumpets , tambourine , electronic scratches and synths , the song 's instrumentation also consists of repetitive pumped-up synthesizer and 4/4 beats .
29	hamton j . pig : hungry boy hamton ( a.k.a. '' junction '' ) - similar to konami 's loco-motion , hamton is walking along a blue path towards apple .
42	to the north are the russian river , steelhead beach park , and mount jackson ; to the west are the redwood forests ; and to the east and south are many rolling hills on which are planted wine grape vineyard and apple orchard .
11	a considerable portion of those are non-grape fruit wine , particularly apple , blueberry , raspberry , and cranberry wines ; fruits produced by many farms in the state .
11	fruits such as coconut , mango , fig , pomegranate , apple , peach , melon , banana , guava and papaya are also reportedly grown .
2	it is apple flavored and is distributed in latin america .
29	dairy products were consumed in the form of cheese ( particularly feta ) , and nuts and fruits such as dates , fig , grape , pomegranate , and apple .
19	the stem and foliage are covered thinly in dark glandular hairs and the plant has a scent similar to apple or banana .
2	competing technologies apple 's audio units avid 's avid audio extension digidesign 's real time audiosuite digidesign 's tdm ladspa , dssi for linux lv2 , a cross-platform , open source , liberally licensed audio plugin standard microsoft 's directx plugin mark of the unicorn 's motu audio system jack audio connection kit , an open source sound server allowing flexible audio routing between apps propellerhead 's rack extensions programming languages steinberg 's vst sdk is a set of c + + classes based around an underlying c api .
17	promotional singles prior to the release of the album , three promotional singles were released exclusively on apple 's itunes store .
17	see also - , an extended article on troutwine and moberg comparing veritas prep to google and apple in the march 2009 issue of entrepreneur magazine .
30	agriculture is the main branch of economy grow : cereals ( wheat , barley , oats ) , vegetables , tobacco , sunflower , sugar beet , in orchards : apple , plum , pear , cherry and others .
10	its fruits , which are similar in appearance to an apple , are green or greenish-yellow when ripe .
6	it also likes to feed on apple , rowan , and sweet chestnut .
27	it is a small plant growing up to half a meter high , bearing small , white or yellowish snapdragon-like flowers which are said to smell of apple .
7	she has modeled in print ads for apple laptops and verizon , has been in commercials for shoe carnival and japanese soft-drink company suntory , and done voice-over work for at&t .
14	orange micro inc. was a computer hardware company which made products for use with apple computers .
43	coquitlam centre is a super-regional sized shopping center anchored by target , sears , the bay , future shop , london drugs , t & t supermarket , h&m , sport chek , golf town , old navy , gap , sephora , apple , and atmosphere .
3	mac os x apple mac os x server has included clamav since version 10.4 .
38	original pickle a jar of branston pickle branston pickle is made from a variety of diced vegetables , including swede , carrot , onion , cauliflower and gherkin pickled in a sauce made from vinegar , tomato , apple and date with spices such as mustard , coriander , garlic , cinnamon , pepper , cloves , nutmeg and cayenne pepper with sugar .
3	certain parts of apple 's mac os x operating system are based on freebsd .
10	the region around dalian produces three-quarters of china 's exported apple and peach .
3	huling planted an apple orchard on what was to become known as montgomery island .
19	they are small bundles of sclerenchyma tissue in plant that form durable layers , such as the cores of apple and the gritty texture of pear .
9	fruit that is traditionally associated with danish cuisine : apple ( æbler ) popular in traditional dishes as ` winter apples ' store well .
15	in portugal , it has been collected from prunus domestica , persica , armeniaca , apple ( malus domestica ) , bell peppers ( capsicum annuum ) .
18	ortley ( better known in the southern united states as the white bellflower ) is a variety of apple , medium in size , and light green to yellow in color .
1	after apple had secured another injunction against samsung tablet computers in germany , samsung had to pull the tab 7.7 from their booth including everything related like posters only one day after the first presentation .
32	in addition to books , the bookstore also offers clothing and accessories ( with brands like fcuk , lacoste , and adidas ) , stationery , cds , a starbucks , an apple retailer , and a food court .
3	server monitor is apple 's ipmi - based tool for communicating with a remote baseboard management controller ( bmc ) that implements their lights-out management ( lom ) system .
12	comparison table third-party firmwares with ipv6 support consumer routers with 6to4 support apple 's airport extreme & airport express base station various buffalo technology wireless routers d-link dir-615 , dir-655 rev. b , dir-825 ( v2 firmware ; currently available for the dir-825 rev. b only !
11	in the end of 2011 , the brand started to offer apple accessories .
35	critics felt that in the case of the latter , microsoft 's decision had delivered a potential blow to the adoption of usb 2.0 , as xp was to provide support for the competing , apple - developed firewire standard instead .
19	on one of the gadget show episodes suzi perry tries to rid him of his '' addiction '' to apple products but fails when it comes to his macbook .
6	on january 31 , 2008 , apple released the macbook air , a thin laptop with an optional 64 gb ssd .
32	l7 the l7 was released at the same time as the l6 ( early 2005 ) , but the l7 is more professional , and is one of a few non - apple branded phones released featuring itunes support , allowing the user to play up to 100 downloaded songs that are stored on the phone 's removable microsd card .
29	industries market gardens in uraidla uraidla and the surrounding area is an agricultural district with vegetable market gardens on large scale producing leek , cabbage and lettuce , with apple and cherry orchards , along with vineyard producing many local wine vintages .
5	beacon is a cultivar of apple created by university of minnesota in 1936 .
6	valenzano also makes fruit wine from apple , blueberries , cranberries , peach , plum , raspberries , and pumpkin , and mead from locally-produced honey .
24	current status as of march 2013 , the only active tenants of the downtown proper ( apart from target and macy 's ) are apple and nokia , which have occupied office space along mathilda ave. the remaining retail and entertainment space is still under construction , and the residential units are unfinished .
12	it is commonly found in the crowns of broad-leaved trees , particularly apple , lime ( linden ) , hawthorn and poplar .
29	domaine pinnacle ice cider domaine pinnacle ice cider is a quebec ice cider introduced by domaine pinnacle in 2001 , made from a blend of six different varieties of apple , selected from the company 's family-owned orchard on the southern slopes of mount pinnacle .
4	at its launch , apple 's itunes store provided a section of free music videos in high quality compression to be watched via the itunes application .
3	mac os x apple advertises the services menu in connection with other features of its operating system .
8	envy is a trademarked brand of the scilate apple variety .
100	previous winners include the following : 1994 : xerox parc 1995 : carnegie mellon university 's communication design center 1996 : seybold publications and seybold seminars 1997 : adobe systems , inc . 1998 : netscape communications corp . 1999 : rensselaer polytechnic institute 2000 : mit press 2001 : information mapping , inc . 2002 : world wide web consortium 2003 : ibm 2004 : the society for technical communication ( stc ) 2005 : the british computer society ( bcs ) 2007 : university of washington 's laboratory for usability testing and evaluaton ( lute ) 2009 : apple 2011 : sap the winner of the graduate student competition is provided with subsidized participation in the sigdoc conference , and the opportunity to publish and present their work .
6	on january 19 , 2012 , apple announced a new part of the books store with textbook .
7	it was mostly programmed and recorded on apple mac computers using logic audio software and an e-mu emax 2 e64 sampler .
19	the most common fruits and vegetables grown in bteghrine are : figs , grape , mulberry , plums , apple , peach , persimmon , pomegranate , cherries , tomato , cucumber , parsley , mint , wheat , and bean .
14	like most esters , it has a fruity odor , in this case resembling apple or pineapple .
8	jazz is a trademarked brand of the scifresh apple variety .
14	idex holds early patents for low-cost capacitive fingerprint sensors and has a cross-licence with apple relating to this technology .
9	the skateboarding bulldog featured on youtube and in an apple iphone commercial was named after tillman .
26	in the 1990s , long after the other products in the range had been discontinued , the tango brand was expanded into other flavors , including apple , lemon , cherry , blackcurrant , and later '' fruit fling '' .
33	ecology and life cycle a mating pair of p. glaucus phyllobius glaucus is associated with a wide range of trees and shrubs , and is a minor pest of fruit tree , including apple , pear , cherries and plum .
0	apple has come under some criticism for not supporting the older .
9	adam nash previously worked for linkedin , ebay and apple .
17	icc profile specification version membership the eight founding members of the icc were adobe , agfa , apple , kodak , microsoft , silicon graphics , sun microsystems , and taligent .
24	itunes ping , also known simply as ping , was a software-based , music-oriented social networking and recommender system service developed and operated by apple .
21	the eone was an all-in-one desktop computer produced by emachines in 1999 that bore a clear resemblance to the design of apple 's imac .
7	when the ipod photo was first announced apple claimed that the device featured a '' new myriad typeface , '' stating ... now in living color , it 's easier to read than ever .
14	rothenberg is credited as being the first journalist to report the existence of the apple ipad , writing in november , 2002 that the company was working on a '' large ipod with no keyboard .
28	wine writers joe bastianich and david lynch describe bombino bianco as tending to produce light-bodied wines with soft fruit flavors that can have notes of wild flowers and apple .
28	in this leg 's roadblock , one team member had to '' relive '' the story of swiss hero william tell by using a crossbow to shoot an apple off a mannequin 's head .
20	the granite belt is known for its spectacular flowers , and produces virtually all of queensland 's $ 40 million apple crop from one million trees grown by 55 orchardists .
28	therefore pectinase enzymes are commonly used in processes involving the degradation of plant materials , such as speeding up the extraction of fruit juice from fruit , including apple and sapota .
41	simple crafting involves enchanting ammunition and weapons , making a fishing rod ( fishing pole + rope ) , keyring ( key + ring ) , dough ( flour + water ) , pie ( dough + rolling pin + optional apple + optional bottle of wine ) , powder ( bone / plant + pestle and mortar ) , and potion ( powder + empty bottle + still ) .
39	this typically included the starting of harvest with '' cherries in late june , followed by apricot and peach in july , the continuation of peaches , prune , and some varieties of pear in august , pears , apple , grape in september , and finally more grapes in october '' .
15	click to focus on most mainstream user-interfaces , such as ones made by microsoft and apple , it is common to find a '' focus follows click '' policy ( or '' click to focus '' ) , where one must click the mouse inside of the window for that window to gain focus .
25	the suicides drew media attention , and employment practices at foxconn , a large contract manufacturer , were investigated by several of its customers including apple and hp .
16	they had words for concepts such as yoke , as well as fruit trees such as apple and pear that suggest agriculture was already well developed when the proto-language broke up .
40	climate cityscape neighborhoods name of vishovgrad 's neighborhoods : selishte korea cherven briag varvishte asanca areas name of vishovgrad ` s areas : zarapovo plujna katkara kanla dere dribaka nature plants : trees : oak , walnut , pine , apple , pear , lime , birch , plum , acacia , fir , poplar , mulberry , peach , cherry animals : jackal , rabbit , pheasant , eagle , sparrow , partridge culture from 1910 , vishovgrad has had groups for singing bulgarian traditional songs and old time songs .
15	with the shift towards application store for software distribution , particularly on mobile devices , apple , google , and microsoft maintain software kill switches which allow software to be remotely removed from devices , most prominently to guard users against security threats .
10	together with narell , he created the original music for apple 's early/mid 1980s products , iie , lisa , and macintosh .
8	boombotix products are sold through major retailers including apple , amazon , specialty retailers , bike shops and their online store .
2	history since apple release more and more macs with ssd by default , like the macbook air , it makes sense for mac users to seek ways to optimize the way they use disk space .
5	jpg the gynoecium of an apple contains five carpels , arranged in a five-pointed star image : carambola starfruit .
19	zoosk has reached the position of no. 1 grossing dating app and a top 25 grossing app on the apple ios app store .
10	0xdead10cc ( '' dead lock '' ) is used by apple in ios crash reports , when application holds on to a system resource while running in the background .
18	nichicon received particular infamy because of their use by major computer manufacturers including dell , hewlett-packard , and apple .
9	also , vim is shipped with every copy of apple os x .
16	the widget had over 3 million downloads during the games and was among the most successful apple / mac downloads during that period .
23	the recovery of the global information technology industry was also a factor ; ireland produced 25 % of all european pcs , and apple , dell ( whose major european manufacturing plant was in limerick ) , hp , and ibm all had sizeable irish operations .
21	in captivity this slug will eat : dandelion leaves tomato - it nibbles the skin first and then the pulp cucumber apple spinach when other items are not available , it will eat dill in captivity it will not eat : grape life cycle this slug hatches from eggs .
47	mad science love in the mirror pencils of promise greyson chance mindless behavior harper collins funding the company closed a seed round of $ 3.1 million in 2011 backed by , silicon valley based band of angels , , formerly of overture , wayne goodrich formerly of apple , deena burnett-bailey of angels of hope and additional investors .
8	one of the first popular image editors was apple 's macpaint , companion to macdraw .
26	this other ingredient may vary ; examples include chocolate ; chocolate-flavoured dough ; a combination of chocolate and cinnamon ; and a combination of cinnamon , apple , and coconut .
41	for many people who visit farms , especially children , the visit marks the first time they see the source of their food , be it a dairy cow , an ear of corn growing in a field , or an apple they can pick right off a tree .
10	in august 2006 , the framework reached a milestone when apple announced that it would ship ruby on rails with mac os x v10.5 '' leopard '' , which was released in october 2007 .
7	other , rarer fruit lambic flavorings include apple ( pomme ) , banana ( banane ) , pineapple ( ananas ) , apricot ( abricotier ) , plum ( prunier ) , cloudberry ( plaquebière ) , lemon ( citron ) , and blueberry ( bleuet ) .
6	beauty of bath is a dessert apple cultivar .
12	randy rettberg , an engineer who has worked for technology companies including apple , sun and bbn , is the director of the igem competition .
15	it consists of two hollow parts : a handle and a top , the so-called apple .
21	during the 2011 -- 12 season , the afv ios app was released on the app store , allowing users of apple mobile devices to record and upload funny videos for submission to the show .
36	they include what are probably cardamom , nard , valerian , cassia or senna , cinnamon , balm of gilead , hops , mastic , turpentine , pine resin , bitumen , heather , quince , apple , peach , apricot , lemon , pear , medlar , plum and many others .
3	he called an apple a '' banerry '' , which a linguist friend of pepperberg 's thought to be a combination of '' banana '' and '' cherry , '' two fruits he was more familiar with .
9	animal feces fresh bear scat showing a diet of apple bear scat showing consumption of bin bag in garbage horse feces the feces of animals often have special names .
3	arboretum trees include apple , white ash , quaking aspen , gray birch , paper birch , yellow birch , american beech , black cherry , dogwood , eastern hemlock , hop-hornbeam , red maple , sugar maple , northern red oak , white oak , and eastern white pine .
24	to address this need , in 2000 , bill manning and bill woodcock described the multicast domain name service which spawned the implementations by apple and microsoft .
30	with the launch of the iphone 3gs on june 19 , 2009 , itunes at home activation was available for people purchasing their iphone from at & t mobility and apple .
7	stacks are a feature first found in apple 's operating system , mac os x v10.5 '' leopard '' .
4	she was featured in apple 's '' think different '' campaign .
4	xgrid is developed by apple .
32	in contrast , the '' enter '' key is commonly labeled with its name in plain text on generic pc keyboards , or with the symbol ( u +2324 ) on many apple mac keyboards .
4	he later turned to apple farming .
17	glomerella cingulata is a plant pathogenic fungus that causes disease on many different hosts including quince and apple bitter rot and anthracnose on many fruit and vegetable species such as mango or cultivated plants like st. john 's wort ( hypericum perforatum ) .
20	infestations by the beetle can kill many different types of hardwood trees as well as citrus trees , pecan , apple , australian pine , hibiscus , sycamore , willow , pear , mulberry , pigeon pea , chinaberry , poplar , litchi , kumquat , japanese red cedar , oak , and ficus .
10	nightly builds of webkit ( the layout engine used by apple safari and google chrome , among others ) now have support for spatial navigation .
8	it is a plant pathogen that grows on apple ( pyrus malus ) .
26	foods foods that are claimed to be negative in calories are mostly low-calorie fruits and vegetables such as celery , grapefruit , lemon , lime , apple , lettuce , broccoli , and cabbage .
54	that same year , during the macworld 2005 keynote presentation ( which introduced the ipod with video ) steve jobs showcased tiki bar tv to the audience as an example of a video podcast ( a relatively new media format at the time ) which could be loaded to the new video ipod using apple 's itunes software .
16	there are also horticultural activities , such as vineyard and fruit tree , like peach and apple .
10	the prize-winners include companies such as siemens in 1995 , apple in 2001 , bmw in 2007 , the bose design center in 2008 , porsche in 2012 , lenovo in 2013 and veryday ( 2014 ) .
7	products the first tymbark product was the apple flavor which was the only flavor from 1936 to 1967 .
14	the corporations jetta has analyzed include family dollar , dollar tree , walmart , apple , kmart , jcpenney , and sears .
13	in 2004 , microsoft created an msn music download store to compete with apple 's itunes music store , though its sales in comparison were negligible .
20	the pc-bsd package management system aims to be similar to that of major operating systems such as microsoft windows and apple mac os x , where applications are installed from a single downloaded file with graphical prompts , rather than the traditional package management systems that many unix-like systems use .
13	the area surrounding the pavilion has many picnic tables situated in an old apple orchard and a stand of huge white pine and norway spruce trees .
22	seasonal kringle flavors include rhubarb ( late may and june ) , key lime in july , mango coconut in august and apple toffee in september .
25	grainge has been influential in universal music group 's international digital expansion by pioneering distribution models with a wide range of technology partners , including apple , spotify , bskyb , rdio , virgin media , vodafone and 19 entertainment .
11	mactracker is a freeware application containing a complete database of all apple hardware models and software versions , created and actively developed by ian page .
0	apple uses avenir for its maps app and some siri screens in .
13	similar to freemidi by mark of the unicorn and audio midi setup by apple , oms is used to manage midi devices by providing applications and the mac os with information regarding the physical setup of midi devices connected to the computer .
12	on each of the levels , there are monkeys who are throwing apple at mother kangaroo .
17	the company released its first ios app , bowls - authentic tibetan singing bowls , on the apple app store in march 2009 .
13	arbitrary marks include preexisting words used in an arbitrary way , such as apple when used for computers .
20	collection all of the iconic 20th century brands are represented in the collection including coca-cola , heinz , nike , apple , cadillac , and chanel as well as thousands of lesser known brands and marketing failures .
1	'' apple : '' we have never heard of prism .
6	the most successful tablet is the apple ipad , using the ios operating system .
8	connecticut 's produce increased in variety to include apple , barley , beets , carrot , cabbage , herbs , lettuce , oat , onion , parsnip , pear , pea , radish , turnip , wheat and broadleaf tobacco .
4	was released on the apple ios in 2009 .
17	loquat trees grow on the land below gozaneh , along with quince , citron , orange , apple , and lemon trees .
48	the ingredients in blue charge , similar to those used in red bull , are : carbonated water , sugar , glucose-fructose syrup , citric acid , taurine ( 0.4 % ) , natural flavouring , acidity regulator ( sodium citrate ) , fruit and vegetable concentrates ( apple , carrot , hibiscus ) , glucuronolactone , caffeine , inositol , vitamins ( niacin , pantothenic acid , vitamin b6 , riboflavin , vitamin b12 ) , preservative ( potassium sorbate ) .
13	due to the seasonal nature of the meat in western culinary history , apple ( harvested in late summer and autumn ) have been a staple pairing to fresh pork .
22	also that year , rhi licensed a number of its new movies , miniseries and back catalog titles to global subscribers of apple 's itunes service .
17	in hargeisa in the northwest , the preferred drinks are fiimto ( vimto ) and tufaax ( apple ) .
6	it also likes to feed on apple , pear , and plum .
22	tech industry figures such as hewlett-packard founders david packard and bill hewlett , intel founders gordon e. moore and andy grove , apple founder steve jobs , oracle corporation founder larry ellison , atari and chuck e. cheese founder nolan bushnell , venture capitalist arthur rock , disk drive inventor reynold b. johnson , sun microsystems founder vinod khosla and many others have been interviewed by the association .
17	it is commonly made from the fermentation of plum , but other fruits used include apricot , apple , pear , peach and cherries .
18	religion hebrew bible the forbidden fruit mentioned in the book of genesis is commonly assumed to be an apple , and is widely depicted as such in western art .
22	the iwaki river is the longest river in aomori prefecture , and is the source of irrigation for the large-scale rice and apple production of the prefecture .
13	avara is a 1996 computer shooter/action game made by ambrosia software for the apple macintosh .
29	the ripe fruit are edible but may be fairly tart , and taste like a giant cranberry , though some species have fruity flavors with overtones of strawberry or apple .
14	on her right is a dog , and in her hands a basket of apple .
9	girdling is commonly used on grape , avocado , apple , litchi , mango , citrus and other trees .
39	a large variety of breads , like obwarzanki were sold by vendors in krakow as early as the 14th century and placki , flat cakes , came in a surprising number of varieties , including one variety with an apple topping , reminiscent of pizza .
57	a touch-oriented , tablet part of the windows 8.1 -- the apps and the whole ecosystem with the windows store in the center of it , is often criticized as a less convenient , less easy to use and offering a significantly lesser amount of quality apps , compared to more mature ecosystems of google android and apple ios mobile operating system .
1	examples apple canker , caused by the fungus neonectria galligena ash bacterial canker , now understood to be caused by the bacterium pseudomonas savastanoi , rather than pseudomonas syringae .
20	company description entellium was founded in kuala lumpur , malaysia , in may 2000 by paul johnston , a former apple sales executive .
5	list of perennials perennial fruits apple apricot avocado banana blackcurrant blueberry currant feijoa grape kiwi fruit japanese wineberry pear persimmon pineapple plum raspberries strawberry strawberry tree tomato perennial herbs the following perennial plants are used as herb : agastache alfalfa althaea officinalis ( marshmallow ) african blue , east indian chives fennel ferula garlic ginger hops - humulus hyssop horseradish lavender lemon balm mint potato onions , shallots , egyptian onions , japanese bunching onions , welsh onions , chinese leeks oregano piper nigrum ( black pepper ) rosemary sage thyme valerian white horehound - marrubium vulgare achillea millefolium perennial vegetables many vegetable plants can grow as perennials in tropical climates , but die in cold weather .
19	he used acacia grove as a base for agricultural experiments , importing a wide variety of plants , especially apple varieties which he shared freely with area growers .
37	the comparatively mild micro-climate produced by the valley 's north and south mountain ranges , as well as its proximity to the waters of the bay of fundy make the region ideal for fruit crops such as apple .
39	other materials that are , or have been , used in the manufacture of dolls include cornhusks , bone , stone , wood , porcelain ( sometimes called china ) , bisque , celluloid , wax , and even apple .
5	as a prominent writer on apple - and mac - related topics , kahney was once theorized ( incorrectly ) to be the identity of fake steve jobs .
8	the fruit is a large as a small apple .
26	battery production and distribution joint-venture coda has a global joint-venture with lishen power battery , a global battery cell supplier to samsung , motorola , and apple , for the design , manufacture , and sale of battery systems called lio energy systems .
6	was a magazine for owners of apple 's ios devices ( iphone , ipad and ipod touch ) , published by future plc .
30	the itunes charts represent a weekly average of purchases , not just '' a snapshot of the previous 24 hours ' worth of sales , '' as a spokesman for apple reported in a washington post story about the campaign .
23	the companies that make the platforms , such as microsoft , cisco , ibm , hewlett-packard , novell , google , oracle , apple , sap and salesforce.com encourage and lend support to isvs , often with special '' business partner '' programs .
31	since the company was founded in 1973 , its clients have included : microsoft , kraft , chrysler , johnson & johnson , hershey foods , the campbell soup company , apple , the navy , unilever , pepsico and nextel among others .
21	dr. arnold kim ( often referred to as '' arn '' online ) is the owner of macrumors , a popular apple rumors website .
24	the original idea for canvas came from jorge miranda , one of the founders of deneba systems inc . of miami florida , for apple 's macintosh computers -- part of the wave of programs that made the desktop publishing revolution .
21	mostarda di mantova ( also called mostarda di mele campanine or mostarda mantovana ) is made from small , sour green apple called mele campanine .
12	compatible with wlan adaptor wu-1a to transmit images from the camera to apple ios or android smart phone or tablet computer with remote shooting control .
16	several economically important products come from the rosaceae , including many edible fruits ( such as apple , pear , quince , apricot , plum , cherries , peach , raspberries , loquat , and strawberries ) , almond , and ornamental trees and shrubs ( such as rose , meadowsweet , photinia , firethorn , rowan , and hawthorn ) .
10	he is also credited with the integration of twitter into apple 's ios 5 .
27	bulk update required that pages be created offline by the use of editing terminals which could store pages , or by micro-computers such as that provided by apple or acorn .
12	it was also played live at the steve jobs memorial/celebration-of-life event at apple headquarters on 19 october 2011 in cupertino , california , and at the opening of the mtv european music awards in belfast , northern ireland on 6 november 2011 .
8	hardware itunes and ipod in april 2003 , apple brought mainstream attention to aac by announcing that its itunes and ipod products would support songs in mpeg-4 aac format ( via a firmware update for older ipods ) .
11	net , open source ( via monotouch ) core data by apple for mac os x and ios . net ado.net entity framework , included in .
16	in addition , the domain is also used by multinational concerns , such as microsoft , apple and ford , which have their russian pages registered in the .
24	in the report , they state that because social media sites have forbidden any content related to '' hate speech '' , companies including apple , google , facebook , myspace , and others are blocking content expressing anti-homosexual viewpoints .
11	approximately 10 million sony batteries used in dell , sony , apple , lenovo , panasonic , toshiba , hitachi , fujitsu and sharp laptops were recalled in 2006 .
45	this information can be of interest to hobbyists , but can also be used commercially by the technical community to find out , for example , what semiconductor components are being utilized in consumer electronic products , such as the wii video game console or apple 's iphone .
10	beal also composed and produced the music for commercials from apple , nasdaq , ben & jerry 's , amgen , dr. pepper and many other major advertisers .
27	later the term has also been used to refer to perceptions of his keynote speeches ( or '' stevenote '' ) by observers and devoted users of apple computers and products .
15	the largest crops ( ) 300 kilo tonnes , in 2001-2001 ) include orange , apple , banana , chestnut , potato , carrot and tomato .
13	the society is part of a world wide network which is conserving antique apple varieties and protecting them from extinction .
0	apple 's ios ; used by the iphone and ipad lines , utilizes a similar unlock mechanism using an on-screen slider widget to the right .
39	left to recover after the war , the island 's plant life now includes remnant patches of stands of poplar , pine and spruce , together with successional species such as staghorn sumac , black cherry , chokecherry , apple , and gray birch .
11	totaling , it is southington 's largest farm and the largest apple - grower in the state , selling wholesale to local stores and retail at its farmers ' market .
6	for instance , both microsoft and apple provide driver development kits ( ddk ) for developing device driver .
4	omena means also an apple in finnish .
6	food and cooking fruit trees pomes apple asian pear loquat ( japanese medlar ) common medlar pear quince citrus fruits citron grapefruit lemon lime orange pomelo nut trees almond cashew chestnut hazelnut macadamia pecan pistachio walnut other 103 + domesticated plant species in the amazon , including sapodilla , calabash , tucuma , babacu , acai , wild pineapple , cocopalm , american-oil palm , panama-hat palm , peach palm ( bactris gasipaes ) , ice-cream bean , banana breadfruit durian ensete fig jackfruit papaya passionfruit cereal ( or grains , also called '' corn plants '' in the uk ) barley finger millet fonio foxtail millet little barley ( hordeum pusillum , central us pre-columbian ) maize ( called corn in the u.s. ) .
44	abc news ' lou kesten called it '' equally memorable '' to glados and a '' chatty , nervous a.i. '' entertainment weekly s john young described its eyeball 's appearance as a '' giant blue eyeball resembles a hal 9000 computer with an apple makeover '' .
4	the larvae feed on apple , crataegus and cotoneaster .
22	they publish games for formats including pc , mac , interactive - dvd , nintendo ds and wii , sony psp and apple iphone .
40	'' in the late 19th century , the village of al-bassa was described as being built of stone , situated on the edge of a plain , surrounded by large groves of olive and gardens of pomegranate , fig and apple .
20	it is well known as a naturally occurring epiphyte or endophyte of a wide range of plant species ( e.g. apple , grape , cucumber , green beans , cabbage ) without causing any symptoms of disease .
0	apple used the song in an advertisement for their 6th generation ipod nano .
20	despite qcf design 's request that farraro not release the game , league of epic heroes was released in the apple app store on november 23 , 2010 .
12	history pulse icon pulse was originally released in may 2010 for the apple ipad .
12	it synchronizes contacts , calendars , tasks , and memo apps for apple , android , blackberry , and windows phone smartphones and tablets .
51	marketing logo used by commodore in the us during the late 1980s amiga technologies logo incorporating the '' boing ball '' ( 1996 ) the name amiga was chosen by the developers from the spanish word for a female friend , because they knew spanish , and because it occurred before apple and atari alphabetically .
5	time machine , included in apple 's mac os x v10.5 operating system , is not a snapshotting scheme but a system-level incremental backup service : it merely watches mounted volumes for changes and copies changed files periodically to a specially-designated volume using hard links .
10	name the name braeburn refers to a particular cultivar of apple .
5	hyperedit is an application for apple 's mac os x developed by jonathan deutsch .
14	business career in january 2011 , tosi was offered the job of cfo at apple by steve jobs , but turned it down .
24	as a consequence of this problem , it was reported on july 2 , 2010 that several iphone 4 users were planning on suing apple and at&t for fraud by concealment , negligence , intentional misrepresentation and defective design .
4	a security flaw in apple 's itunes allowed unauthorized third parties to use itunes online update procedures to install unauthorized programs .
16	expressed sequence tag ( est ) sequences of quite a few non-model plants like sugarcane , apple , lotus , barley , cycas , coffee , to name a few , are available freely online .
20	also common were alfalfa , rye , cassava , sweet potatoes and the fruits oranges , limes , grape , apple , quince , papaya , peach , plum , cherries , fig , avocado , pineapple , strawberries , banana , and plantain .
21	susan kare ( born 1954 ) is an artist and graphic designer who created many of the interface elements for the apple macintosh in the 1980s .
19	the current brick building has stood ever since , supported at some times through the sale of grass and apple from the church 's orchard in 1901 the parsonage was replaced with a new manse next to the church , which was itself expanded in 1920 and 1949 with wings consistent with its existing colonial stylings .
8	the company 's most profitable products on the apple 's app store and include '' chop chop ninja '' , '' chop chop runner '' , '' chop chop tennis '' and '' chop chop caveman '' .
33	in 2005 and 2006 , recording artists gwen stefani appeared in advertisements related to a campaign in which codes printed underneath diet pepsi bottle caps could be redeemed for music downloads on the apple itunes music store .
6	official extensions agp graphics card ( apple macintosh ) agp pro graphics card agp pro it is an official extension for cards that required more electrical power .
18	in keeping with its name , ( literally apple-town ) elmalı produces 12 % of the turkey 's apple .
19	cherokee nation members joseph l. erb , roy boney , jr . , and thomas jeff edwards worked with apple to bring official cherokee language support to the iphone and ipod touch in ios 4.1 ( released september 8 , 2010 ) and for the ipad with ios 4.2.1 , which was released on november 22 , 2010 .
4	it was an important apple shipping location of the cornwallis valley railway branchline of the dominion atlantic railway .
22	the higher than average number of days of sunshine make ideal conditions for the growing of tomato , sunflower , tobacco , apple and other fruit .
28	in december 2009 , rovio released angry birds , its 52nd game , a slingshot-puzzle game for the iphone , where it reached no. 1 spot in the apple app store chart after six months , and remained charted for months after .
3	a version for apple macintosh was also released .
26	the gray currawong also eats berries of introduced plants such as pyracantha angustifolia and fortuneana , and cotoneaster species , and crops such as maize , apple , pear , quince , various stone fruit of the genus prunus , grape , tomato , passion flower , and the nectar of gymea lily ( doryanthes excelsa ) .
39	anglo-american fritters in british fish and chip shops , the fish and chips can be accompanied by '' fritters '' , which means a food item , such as a slice of potato , a pineapple ring , an apple ring or chunks , or mushy peas , fried in batter .
2	other devices apple 's ipad : supports aac and fairplay protected aac files used as the default encoding format in the itunes store .
19	some junipers are susceptible to gymnosporangium rust disease , and can be a serious problem for those people growing apple trees , the alternate host of the disease .
1	the apple internet suite cyberdog was named after this cartoon .
16	products using the internet printing protocol include , among others , cups which is part of apple mac os x and many bsd and linux distributions and is the reference implementation for ipp/2 .0 and ipp/2 .1 , novell iprint , and microsoft windows , starting with ms windows 2000 .
8	in settled areas , there are many wild apple trees which now form a significant food source for deer .
27	salads typical salads are made of a fairly short list of ingredients : endless combinations of boiled beef or chicken , potato , beet , carrot , apple , herring , diced cheese , canned pea and corn , canned fish , ` crab fingers ' , onion and mushrooms , and are generously seasoned with mayonnaise or sunflower oil .
32	as a location scout in hollywood , he has recently scouted for the hangover part iii , hawaii five-0 , burlesque , the fighter , castle and commercials for brands such as apple , exxonmobil , ford , hyundai , mountain dew , nike , pepsi , verizon and others .
19	ground layering ground layering or mound layering is the typical propagation technique for the popular malling-merton series of clonal apple rootstocks , in which the original plants are set in the ground with the stem nearly horizontal , which forces side buds to grow upward .
11	the cultivated fruit include : mulberry , peach , apricot , apple , pomegranate , pear , fig , walnut , as well as grape , watermelon and muskmelon .
6	melon dolma along with quince or apple dolma was one of the palace 's specialties ( raw melon stuffed with minced meat , onion , rice , almonds , cooked in an oven ) .
10	'' his distinctive style is rumored to be immortalised by apple in the upcoming mac os x yosemite update by way of his own signature + l keyboard shortcut .
16	in 2009 , costa systems created the '' ileslie '' iphone application , sold by the apple itunes app store .
10	he has held major positions at digital equipment corporation , apple , pgp , and entrust , and is considered '' one of the most respected and well-known names in the mobile security industry .
32	many of our fruits come from the rutaceae , or rue family ( including oranges , lemon , grapefruits , etc. ) , and the rosaceae , or rose family ( including apple , pear , cherries , apricot , plums , etc. ) .
19	whilst working primarily as audio visual artists on self initiated projects , d-fuse have also led commercial projects for apple , sony , bmw , nokia , and docomo , including commercials , online and mobile content , performances and installations .
13	these sweet dumplings are made by wrapping fruit , frequently a whole tart apple , in pastry , then baking until the pastry is browned and the filling is tender .
2	he has apple 's iphone smartphone , and frequently uses it during investigations .
36	finally , arkansas 's cuisine is integral to her culture with such foods as barbecue , traditional country cooking , fried catfish and chicken , wild duck , rice , purple hull peas , okra , apple , tomato and grits being part of the people of arkansas 's diet and economy .
3	in june 1999 apple also introduced a streaming media format in its quicktime 4 application .
39	ecology in the trans-ili alatau ( shymbulak valley ) the tian shan holds important forests of schrenk 's spruce ( picea schrenkiana ) at altitudes of over ; the lower slopes have unique natural forests of wild walnut and apple .
15	as of july 1 , 2005 , new rules established that only fermented juice from apple or pear is allowed to be called ` cider ' .
6	the companies compared were ibm , apple , xerox , hp and motorola .
12	the larvae feed on birch , elm , alder , hazel , apple , crataegus , sorbus , willow , comptonia peregrina and quercus wislizenii .
17	on commercial personal computer the desktop metaphor was popularized among technical users by the original macintosh from apple in 1984 , and among the general population by windows 95 from microsoft in 1995 .
30	history official support for mac os 9 ( and mac os 8.6 ) in the mozilla application suite ended with the release of mozilla 1.2.1 in 2002 , coincident with apple ending support for their legacy operating system .
15	sente works with a number of word processors , including microsoft word , pages ( apple ) , mellel , nisus writer , openoffice.org and others .
5	( walsh , 1867 ) apple maggot fly , railroad worm rhagoletis ribicola .
7	agriculture , especially fruit crops such as apple , remain a prominent industry in the kentville area , and throughout the eastern part of the valley .
27	forest were replanted after the war with spruce , pine , cedar , siberian larch , oak , norway maple , elm , america , ash , apple tree , mountain ash and other species .
6	on june 11 , 2012 , apple announced new macbook air and macbook pro with usb 3.0 .
24	other industries included gristmill , blacksmith shops , a tannery , a pants factory and shoe shop , a cider mill and cannery for apple , a barrel factory , a shingle mill and a woolen carding mill .
4	fruit trees such as apple , cherry , peach , apricot and walnut are common in the valley , which is known as '' the fruit bowl of jammu and kashmir '' .
17	the term is derived from the words costard ( a now-extinct medieval variety of large , ribbed apple ) and monger ; i.e. , seller .
11	some of opcode 's ex-employees went on to be part of apple 's mac os x core audio and midi software development .
46	jade has been featured in the new york times , the new york post , the los angeles times , the sydney morning herald , glamour , allure , mac life , mac world uk , marie claire uk and multiple other international fashion magazines and apple culture magazines .
6	he engaged in farming , especially apple growing .
3	fruits consisted of apple , pear , cherries , fig , almond and plum .
6	topaz is a cultivar of dessert apple .
4	she also owned an apple farm from 1977 to 1988 and was active with local agricultural organizations .
28	the service crashed temporarily during 27 january 2010 due to a massive surge of interest in journalists ' feeds using coveritlive to report steve jobs ' keynote at apple 's launch of its ipad device .
4	extant sections treat of apple , peach , quince , citron , almond , chestnut , parsnip , and various other edibles , with an emphasis on the medical effects they have on the body ( quoting dioscorides sometimes ) .
16	history former glam media logo mode media was founded as glam media in 2003 by former apple veteran and netobjects ceo samir arora together with a group of silicon valley veterans .
23	origins the name is believed to derive from the obsolete west country dialect term '' scrimp '' , meaning a small or withered apple , which also gave rise to the verb '' scrump '' , meaning to steal fruit .
31	the early 1980s saw the first popular personal computers , including the ibm pc/at with an intel 80286 processor using 24-bit addressing and 16-bit general registers and arithmetic , and the apple macintosh 128k with a motorola 68000 processor featuring 24-bit addressing and 32-bit registers .
2	this included apple , grape , maple and vinegar products that were sold to the public in a store in south amherst .
16	icali on june 29 , 2007 lewis waited in line for the long awaited iphone from apple .
0	apple targeted the nexus one in a patent lawsuit against htc , which was settled in december 2012 .
28	spanish missionaries brought fruit seeds over from europe , many of which had been introduced from asia following earlier expeditions to the continent ; orange , grape , apple , peach , pear , and fig seeds were among the most prolific of the imports .
16	the larvae feed on various trees and shrubs with a preference for rosaceous plants , particularly apple ( malus domestica ) and pear ( prunus pyrifolia ) .
17	in 2010 the museum began with the collection of source code of important software , beginning with apple 's macpaint 1.3 , written in a combination of assembly and pascal and available as download for the public .
15	in addition to oaks , archips semiferanus have been known to feed on witchhazel and apple trees occasionally .
13	in 2012 , mixvibes expanded their cross software range to cover nearly all apple devices .
7	he has taught at companies that include apple , google , facebook , salesforce.com , symantec , twitter , and vmware .
10	fruit crops grown in vineland include cherries , peach , apple , strawberries and pear .
30	development although it was once a leading manufacturer of smartphones in terms of market share , htc has recently struggled in the wake of other vendors such as samsung and apple , due particularly to their wider marketing reach .
3	in 2009 , apple rejected a proposal for a nine inch nails iphone application , citing objectionable content in the downward spiral .
6	a literal translation would be little apple .
3	companies covered include apple , bbc , bskyb , bt , canal+ , channel 4 , ee , dmgt , facebook , channel 5 , google , guardian media group , hibu , hutchison 3g , iliad s.a . , itv , microsoft , nokia , o2 , orange , sfr , sky deutschland , sky italia , t-mobile , talktalk , virgin media , vodafone , yahoo! .
24	vigorously chewing , it is important to provide a constant and regular supply of any non-toxic materials such as non-toxic tree branches ( i.e. apple , aspen , birch , pear , pine , willow ) that has never been treated with any type of chemical products ( i.e. disinfectant , fungicide , insecticide , javel , pesticide ) the species is hardy & vigorous when acclimatized .
89	procyanidin b2 can be found in cinchona pubescens ( chinchona , in the rind , bark and cortex ) , in cinnamomum verum ( ceylon cinnamon , in the rind , bark and cortex ) , in crataegus monogyna ( common hawthorn , in the flower and blossom ) , in uncaria guianensis ( cat 's claw , in the root ) , in vitis vinifera ( common grape vine , in the leaf ) , in litchi chinensis ( litchi , in the pericarp ) , in the apple , and in ecdysanthera utilis .
24	the brighton applefest was created in 1975 by the merchants of brighton , ontario , canada to promote the brighton area , and the apple - based culture around it .
6	notable horticultural crops include kiwifruit , apple and avocado .
11	in 2006 , berton averre and doug fieger filed suit against apple , run dmc and others for electronically redistributing the work .
15	sony 's xdcam mxf is supported by adobe after effects , adobe premiere pro , apple final cut pro via xdcam transfer , autodesk smoke , avid , dalet , harris , omneon , quantel , rhozet , sony vegas pro , sorenson squeeze telestream flipfactory , grassvalley edius , and grass valley k2 .
9	'' fruits , sometimes categorized with vegetables , include apple , oranges , banana , berries and lemon .
23	on november 2 , 2010 , wolo became the first television station in columbia to stream live newscasts and breaking news coverage on apple ios devices .
14	the larvae feed on various deciduous trees and shrubs , such as rubus , apple , prunus , vaccinium and oak .
11	some variations of this dish include a layer of fresh grated apple and some do n't .
7	in the fall of 2006 , used apple laptop computers were issued to each incoming freshman .
10	she had an older brother carl , a lawyer turned apple farmer who was the focus of her memoir , apples and oranges : my brother and me , lost and found .
16	the ralls genet , sometimes spelled ralls janet or rawls jennet , is a cultivar of apple which originated in virginia in the late 18th century .
122	smartphones wind mobile offers various smartphone using various platforms : android : htc one and one s ; various huawei including the huawei ascend p1 and huawei sonic ; lg google nexus 5 , lg g2 , lg optimus 4x hd and l9 ; motorola razr v ; various samsung galaxy including the note ii , note 3 and the s4 ; sony xperia ion blackberry 10 : blackberry z10 , blackberry q5 and blackberry q10 blackberry os : curve 9360 and bold 9900 windows phone 8 : htc windows phone 8s , huawei ascend w1 while wind does not sell ios phones , the t-mobile us versions of the iphone 5 , 5s , 5c ( sold unlocked by t-mobile or apple ) are compatible with wind 's network and wind offers the necessary nano-sim card to use the devices .
9	natural occurrence acetophenone occurs naturally in many foods including apple , cheese , apricot , banana , beef , and cauliflower .
0	apple has proposed and implemented a closure syntax for c that solves the upwards funarg problem by dynamically moving closures from the stack to the heap as necessary .
10	malic acid is typically associated with the taste of green apple while lactic acid is richer and more buttery tasting .
16	ogier was fowling in his fields one afternoon , when he surprised a russian soldier stealing apple from his orchard .
6	the caterpillar 's food plants include apple , pear , plum , willow , hornbeam , lime and oak .
0	apple subsequently developed a competing standard , truetype , which provided full scalability and precise control of the pixel pattern created by the font 's outlines , and licensed it to microsoft .
15	the itrip is an fm-transmitter made by griffin technology as a third party accessory for apple 's popular ipod mp3 player and iphone .
5	clobbler -- the clobblers are apple - shaped monsters that appear in .
0	apple , banana , melon , apricot , tomato ( among others ) are climacteric fruit .
10	there are numerous fruits reared , including many subspecies of apple , pear , peach , grape , apricot , water melon , cantaloupe , etc. hungary does not grow any gmo products , thus these products are mainly imported from the united states .
3	) or the apple ( malus domestica ) .
15	in 1995 , the françois rabelais university in tours created an orchard of pear and apple trees in one part of the park .
11	psystar - under 2009 permanent injunction to stop selling computers with apple 's mac os x operating system .
6	it runs in black-and-white on the apple macintosh line of computers .
33	life cycle of the plum curculio and damage it causes to fruit life stages a female curculio uses a number of hosts to lay her eggs in , including plum , peach , apple , pear , and other pome and stone fruit .
22	the episode introduces sabre 's pyramid tablet , a device that serves as a parody of several tablet computer , specifically the apple ipad .
39	professional life in 1975 , von oech earned his ph.d. from stanford university in the self-created interdisciplinary program '' history of ideas '' shortly afterwards , he began providing services in creativity consulting , working with companies such as apple , ibm , disney , sony , and intel .
7	spain 's other significant orchard crops were apple , banana , pear , peach , apricot , plum , cherries , fig , and nuts .
14	the 1381 recipe ( see illustration at right ) lists the ingredients as good apple , good spice , fig , raisin and pear .
12	name change in november 2009 the little app factory was forced by apple to change the name of ipodrip to remove the trademark ipod .
31	it currently contains about 1,000 plants representing 30 genera , primarily those indigenous to dordogne , including oak , maple , dogwood , magnolia , willow , and old varieties of apple , as well as deutzia , hibiscus , hydrangea , and peony .
3	inc. , led apple 's powerbook division to profitability and served as chief executive officer and president of borland software corporation .
24	varieties of slice have included lemon-lime ( replaced teem in the united states ; discontinued in 2000 with introduction of sierra mist ) , apple , fruit punch , grape , passionfruit , peach glaze , mandarin orange , pineapple , strawberry , cherry cola ( discontinued in 1988 following the introduction of wild cherry pepsi ) , '' red '' , cherry-lime , and dr slice .
36	a couple of other user created template sharing sites also exist : upgrade controversy on october 14 , 2008 , filemaker released bento 2.0 , which contained bug fixes and new features , including integration with apple 's mail .
34	distribution in plants procyanidins , including the lesser bioactive / bioavailable polymers ( 4 or more catechines ) represent a group of condensed flavan-3-ols that can be found in many plants , most notably apple , maritime pine bark , cinnamon , aronia fruit , cocoa bean , grape seed , grape skin , and red wine of vitis vinifera ( the common grape ) .
10	economy most people are farmers , among the crops are apple and pear , as well as maize and wheat .
3	ursolic acid - apple , basil , bilberries , cranberries , elder flower , peppermint , lavender , oregano , thyme , hawthorn , prune .
19	july 12 -- urumqi oil tank explosion july 16 -- sun danyong , a chinese factory worker employed by apple 's manufacturing partner foxconn , committed suicide after reporting to have lost a prototype model for a fourth generation iphone .
61	this , along with the steering wheel controls and voice-control system , is linked to volvo 's new sensus user interface , which allows for , among other things , access to a wide selection of cloud-based applications such as internet radio , connected navigation , finding and paying for parking , music streaming , the ability to mirror and use apple and android devices in the touch screen display , and a wi-fi hot spot for using a tablet in the car .
25	many of the retailers in the second phase of the center are new to cardiff , and to wales , in particular john lewis , apple , hollister , and ruby tuesday .
12	morgan creek produces '' southern wines such as muscadine , blueberry and apple , '' and a red wine called '' vulcan red , '' named for the vulcan statue in nearby birmingham .
9	it offers wide range of juice including orange , apple , grape , blackcurrant , pink grapefruit and mango .
16	in the past , m. sylvestris was thought to be an important ancestor of the cultivated apple ( m. domestica ) , but these have now been shown to have been originally derived from the central asian species m. sieversii .
22	at lower altitudes , temperate-climate trees are found , including oak , chestnut , maple , birch , alder , magnolia , apple , and apricot .
57	the garden contains eleven botanical and horticultural collections : annual/perennial garden - annuals and perennials dahlia garden ( 1987 ) - dahlia groundcover collection - bugleflower , euonymus , hypericum , ivy , juniper , liriope , ophiopogon , thrift , vinca , etc. heritage garden - plants of historic and social interest to georgia , including apple , pear , and peach , cotton , peanut , and tobacco .
8	claygate pearmain claygate pearmain is a cultivar of apple .
10	when they first meet , watt is disguised as an apple with a blue stalk .
17	known commercial ports of the original game include : 3do ; acorn archimedes ; amstrad cpc ; apple gs and macintosh ; arcade ( prototype only ) ; lynx ; commodore 64 , amiga cd32 , and cdtv systems ; ms-dos ; fm towns ; hewlett-packard hp-48 series ; mobile phone ; nintendo 's nes , snes , game boy , and game boy color ; os/2 ( demo only ) ; palm ; philips cd-i ; sam coupé ; sega game gear , master system and genesis ; sharp x68000 ; sinclair spectrum ; several texas instruments calculators ; uiq ; pocket pc and windows ; turbografx-cd and windows mobile .
9	energy expenditure as a very simple example , ten apple pickers descend from their trees and walk to the processing shed with their apples , and then return to their trees .
5	later desktop computers built by apple and ibm would also offer a simpler and more popular architecture to run lisp applications on .
41	winner : casey ( beef carpaccio with watercress and fried caper , shiitake broth ) eliminated : howie ( asparagus and prosciutto '' cigars '' with parmesan cheese ; mushroom duxelle on puff pastry ) elimination challenge prize : a 17-inch apple macbook pro laptop computer .
5	the grounds are decorated with apple , dogwood , maple , mimosa , and pear trees .
31	orchards collections citrus orchard ( orange , lemon , lime , kumquat , grapefruit , and guava ) deciduous orchard , with 100 fruit tree ( including peach , plum , apple , pear , persimmon and fig ) and olive trees from the 1880s .
19	according to stephenson , inspiration was drawn not just from the beatles , but also from the story of apple and their war with microsoft and how he thought the leaders of the two rivals would work if they were teammates .
10	this follows in the footsteps of the precedent set by apple 's proprietary xcode suite , which relies on open source components such as gcc and gdb .
7	venus verticordia - dante rossetti - 1866 apple appear in many religious traditions , often as a mystical or forbidden fruit .
5	this pie often also contains apple and/or rhubarb .
6	other important products include grape , apple , pear , and cucumber .
5	in order to charge an apple laptop , the powergorilla requires a magsafe airline adapter .
7	he has contributed numerous articles to the apple developers connection , computer arts magazine , and macworld magazine as well as appearing on techtv 's the screen savers .
0	apple implemented the urdu language keyboard across mobile device in its ios 8 update in september 2014 .
10	in addition the production of cherries , zwetschge , and apple contribute significantly to the economy .
13	therefore , the lafayette artillery raised $ 275 and purchased part of an apple orchard occupying a high point in the village along the road to temple ( now citizens ' hall road ) with the intention of constructing a new headquarters and social facility .
0	apple 's app store and google play still use their own internal rating systems and do not use the esrb/ctia system .
22	it comes in grapefruit , orange ( yellow ) , lemon ( greenish-yellow ) , bitter ( herbal extracts ) , and apple flavors .
26	he left after a few months and started working at the digital music center , one of the first recording studios in new york that used apple computers to sample , sequence and record .
15	the magazine is produced on a monthly basis and contains information about all aspects of apple computers all the way from the apple-1 to the latest macintosh computers with mac os x .
10	the images were obtained via the online storage offered by apple 's icloud platform for automatically backing up photos from ios devices , such as iphone smartphone .
10	fruit crops grown in lincoln include cherries , peach , apple and pear , and during the summer attract many tourists from all over ontario , particularly toronto .
23	filmed in stop motion , the clip featured the band playing their song as pieces of fruit , with screech portrayed by an apple ; stolfutz , a pear ; north , a banana ; macpherty , a peach ; lordenshire , a bunch of grapes ; and beers , a mango .
5	common fruit bouquet items include apple , artichoke , avocado , banana , cheese , grape , lychee , mango , orange , papaya , pineapple , pomegranate , strawberries , and chocolate .
7	cyser : a blend of honey and apple juice fermented together ; see also cider .
16	in addition to losing valuable revenue opportunities with the customer , operators are rumored to pay apple a percentage of the customer 's monthly bill as well .
31	habitat the species feed on trees such as : alder ash beech birch blackthorn clematis mayweed tuft mistletoe oak poplar sallow sycamore sea-buckthorn willow they also feed on fruits such as apple , bramble , horse chestnut , lime , plum , sweet chestnut .
13	from 1987 to 1991 , he worked in the business development group at apple .
6	di montefiascone as mildly aromatic with apple notes and high acidity .
7	the mini-dvi connector is used on certain apple computers as a digital alternative to the mini-vga connector .
24	the mac nc , sometimes referred to as the macintosh nc , was a network thin client that was expected to be released by apple by april 1998 .
3	converting an old apple - fruit press originally used for making cider , paper was initially produced by hand using the locally developed st decumans process which utilisd a vat , to produce one cart of paper product per week .
14	lester patel lester patel is a member of the nerd herd who specializes in apple products .
4	tekserve , a vast apple computer repair shop , serves nearby silicon alley and the area 's large creative community .
5	chelmsford wonder is a cooking apple cultivar raised at chelmsford c1870 and introduced by local nurseryman william saltmarsh in 1892 .
5	other seeds , such as apple pips and plum stones , have fleshy receptacles and smaller fruits like hawthorns have seeds enclosed in edible tissue ; animals including mammals and birds eat the fruits and either discard the seeds , or swallow them so they pass through the gut to be deposited in the animal 's droppings well away from the parent tree .
30	following models from 1967 and 70 research claussen-finks made analytical research on trade fair impact and brand relation based on individual video interviews for ibm , daimler , bmw , apple , siemens , nixdorf , sun microsystems , sony , deutsche telekom and others .
5	in early february 2006 , apple confirmed reports of video display problems on the new intel-based imacs .
4	notable merchants companies like apple , target , barnes & noble , qdoba , fuddruckers , walmart , reebok , sephora , the north face , toshiba , puma , drugstore.com , adidas and pacsun offer student discounts via edhance .
10	macbooster is a third-party system cleaning and optimization utility for apple mac os x aimed to boost mac computer by cleaning junks , unwanted apps and ram etc. .
13	nasa astronaut dave hyatt , baker 1994 , browser developer at netscape and apple tamara e. jernigan , phd 1988 , nasa astronaut howard johnson , phd 1982 , electrical engineer james a. kahle , will rice 1983 , ibm fellow and chief architect of the power4 and cell microprocessors james e. gunn , baker 1961 , astronomer at princeton university , 2009 recipient of the national medal of science larry lake , phd 1973 , petroleum engineer and member of the national academy of engineering george whitelaw mackey , 1938 , mathematician jack morava , 1968 , mathematician john morgan , 1968 , mathematician james h. newman , 1982 and 1984 , nasa astronaut john d. olivas , phd 1996 , nasa astronaut steven schafersman , 1983 phd in geology , president of texas citizens for science dennis sullivan , 1963 ba in mathematics .
14	common fruit trees planted in commercial orchards and private gardens include several varieties of apple , pear , cherry and plum ; strawberries are commercially cultivated in many locations across the province .
2	on an apple macintosh server , options include itunes , ps3 media server , and elgato .
53	breakfast a typical pakistani breakfast , locally called nāshtā ( ) , consists of eggs ( boiled/scrambled/fried / omelette ) , a slice of loaf bread or roti , paratha , sheermal with tea or lassi , kulcha with chole , qeema ( minced meat ) , fresh seasonal fruits ( mango , apple , melon , banana , etc. ) , milk , honey , butter , jam , shami kebab , and/or nuts .
30	places of worship ryde contains st anne 's anglican church , church street , which has the grave of maria ann sherwood smith , in whose orchards the granny smith apple was first found .
65	barra 's product involvement included the entire android ecosystem of software and hardware , including honeycomb , ice cream sandwich , jelly bean and kitkat operating system launches , the nexus 4 and nexus 5 smartphones , the nexus 7 and nexus 10 tablets , and other related products such as google now and google voice search , google 's speech recognition product comparable to apple 's siri .
6	some farms offer pick-your-own peach , apple , and pumpkin .
5	orchards in the area produce apple , pear , plum and cherries .
15	hongfujin precision industry co. , a subsidiary of foxconn , is a company which manufactures apple 's iphone 5 , ipod as well as other products for multinational corporations .
29	the russian united democratic party '' yabloko '' ( russian : росси́йская объединённая демократи́ческая па́ртия '' я́блоко '' rossiyskaya obyedinyonnaya demokraticheskaya partiya '' yabloko '' ; ( -- '' apple '' ) is a russia social liberal party founded by grigory yavlinsky and currently led by sergey mitrokhin , a former opposition member of the moscow city duma and state duma .
23	this was done by condensing urea ( an animal waste product ) with diethyl malonate ( an ester derived from the acid of apple ) .
7	he may have been a god of apple tree .
15	in 2011 , prior to the publification of mac os x lion , he accused apple of doing too little for its security .
36	along with his partner at eleison , burns strider , eric founded the mobile gaming app company , christian family games with their first app quickly rising to become the top downloaded christian game on the apple itunes store in early 2013 .
20	fruit cup producers suggest adding fruit as a garnish to the drink and to improve the flavor ; recommendations include apple , orange , strawberry , lemon , lime , cucumber , mint , and borage leaves .
9	aqua is the gui and primary visual theme of apple 's os x operating system .
32	) violet lathyrus tuberosus violet wild cress -- nasturtium officinalis '' biolair '' bitter vetch -- lathyrus tuberosus -- cairmeal bilberries fixed with alum yellow -- buidhe achlasan chaluim cille rhubarb yellow apple - tree , ash and buckthorn poplar and elm bog myrtle , roid ash roots teazle -- dipsacus fullonum -- lùs-an-fhùcadair / leadan bracken roots -- raineach mhòr cow weed tops and flowers of heather , erica , fraoch wild mignonette , reseda luteola , '' lus buidhe mòr '' , dried , reduced to powder and boiled .
11	bon ` app is an open platform that includes applications for apple mobile devices , android phones , and a website .
17	as the smartphone industry boomed beginning in 2007 , microsoft struggled to keep up with its rivals apple and google in providing a modern smartphone operating system .
3	nymphs associated with apple trees were the epimeliad , and those associated with walnut-trees were the caryatid .
34	in the episode , kyle is kidnapped after agreeing to an itunes user agreement , and forced to become part of a '' revolutionary new product '' that is about to be launched by apple .
20	the fungus also attacks many other hosts such as cherry trees , most other prunus species , as well as apple , pear and walnut .
24	a commoner and more benign constituent of desfontainia , present in considerable quantity , is the pentacyclic triterpene acid ursolic acid , in which apple peel is particularly rich .
8	' sekai ichi ' is a cultivar of apple first released from japan in 1974 .
18	in july 2011 , mcdonald 's announced plans to make happy meals healthier , including the addition of apple .
10	the fruit is a reddish-purple pome , resembling a small apple in shape .
16	in july 2012 , greenbytes acquired the zevo zfs technology for mac , developed by former apple engineer don brady , who then joined the greenbytes ' team .
3	in 2014 , apple revealed their new version of their operating system , yosemite , and half dome was the default wallpaper on the new os .
6	business steve jobs , founder of apple .
13	it is a poison nightshade species from africa and not related to true apple .
50	flavors there are a variety of flavors , including chicken , lower sodium chicken , cornbread , pork , beef , savory herbs , traditional sage , tomato & onion , san francisco sourdough , mushroom & onion , long grain & wild rice and roasted garlic , turkey , apple and cranberry .
6	the main crops are pear and apple .
13	however peck , or bushel are sometimes used -- particularly for grape , apple and similar fruit in agricultural regions .
17	product red is a brand that is licensed to partner companies , such as american express , apple , converse , motorola , microsoft , dell , the gap and giorgio armani .