18	turner d. century later appears among the eighteen criminals , all murdered by the scourge , at the hood 's meeting of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
27	during the dark reign storyline , black panther was meeting with namor about joining the cabal ( which also consisted of doctor doom , emma frost , hood , loki , and norman osborn ) .
3	he battles the hood .
20	house of m in the house of m reality , the absorbing man is seen as a member of the hood 's masters of evil .
48	since these events , uatu has restricted himself to appearing to observe particularly cosmic events in the marvel universe , such as visiting the heroes prior to the vote on the superhuman registration act , the final battle of the '' secret invasion '' storyline , and the hood 's acquisition of the infinity gems , reflecting during these appearances that he can not do any more or he may be taken from earth altogether .
13	scramble absorbed bulldozer and piledriver into his body before being killed by the hood .
31	the laser returns as an employee of the advanced idea mechanics ( aim ) villain modok , and later as a member of the criminal army formed by the villain the hood .
11	during the secret invasion storyline , scorcher appears as member of hood 's crime syndicate and attacked a skrull force .
16	the wraith was later among the seventeen criminals murdered by the scourge who were resurrected by hood using the power of dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
1	the hood seeks her out to find out more information about dormammu .
6	mitsubishi distinguished the 1400gt with a hood mounted air intake , unique interior , uprated suspension and brakes , and the equalization of the drive shaft lengths to reduce torque steering .
8	the mirage with its sportier appearance and tapered hood , featured elliptical headlamps with a very narrow single-port grille .
12	the model '' b '' had two bucket seat , a longer hood and was geared higher to attain faster speeds .
13	a power bulge is a raised part ( a bulge ) of the hood of a car .
24	naza r & d improved upon the base design and engineered a right-hand drive conversion , and also enhanced the front end , updating hood ( with power bulge ) , headlights and bumper .
4	mcneill fired over the hood of manauzzi 's car but was wounded by return fire from platt 's ruger mini-14 rifle .
16	on lap 23 , denny hamlin reported that he was struggling due to damage on the hood of his race car .
6	examples : bonnet refers to the hood of a car .
16	the japanese gt models had various differences from the et , lt and st including the hood flutes , power windows , air conditioning , and specific gt trim , but shared a few things with the st -- a full-length center console and oil pressure/ammeter gauges while the lt had warning lights for these functions .
20	the graphics used were copied from the 1974 volkswagen of america decal kit , and the position on the front hood 53 was higher up .
8	a common stereotype of an executioner is a hood medieval or absolutist executioner .
6	dick is instructed to remove a hood from a fourth figure , fox , followed by his gag , blindfold and earplug .
19	design the neckline is the highest line of the top , and may be as high as a head-covering hood , or as low as the waist or bottom hem of the top .
1	pointed hood were used by various orders and catholic lay confraternities for processions , e.g. the semana santa of sevilla who wore the capirote .
27	each year , a forzado was issued a doublet , one pair of breeches , stockings , two shirt , one pairs of shoe , and a hood .
4	it sometimes includes a hood .
5	a distinctive feature is a hood which could cover nearly all the face , with a cut for the eyes and possibly for the mouth , which may be folded back .
29	attach or detach a separable part of the garment to or from another , as in the conversion between trousers and shorts or the connection or disconnection of a hood and a coat .
36	the celestines wore a white wool cassock bound with a linen band , and a leather girdle of the same color , with a scapular unattached to the body of the dress , and a black hood .
5	they may have an attached hood , and may cover and fasten down the front , in which case they have holes or slits for the hands to pass through .