21	during that time , mctaggart learned some magic , and disguised himself as a servant to toledo to act as a mole for michael , acting as toledo 's butler and driver .
18	the n ≡ n triple bond of is much stronger ( energy of formation of 229 kcal / mole ) than either an equivalent one-and-a-half n = n double bond ( 100 kcal/mole , i.e. 150 kcal/mole total ) or an equivalent three n-n single bond ( 38.4 kcal/mole , i.e. 115 kcal/mole total ) .
13	it is recommended by méxico desconocido magazine for oaxacan regional dishes such as mole , tasajo , tlayudas , pan de yema ( a type of egg bread ) , chapulines ( fried grasshoppers in chile ) , oaxaca cheese ( known locally as '' quesillo '' ) , queso fresco ( lit .
25	conversion factor between atomic mass units and grams the standard scientific unit used to quantify the amount of a substance in macroscopic quantities is the mole ( symbol : mol ) , which is defined arbitrarily as the amount of a substance which has as many atoms or molecules as there are atoms in 12 grams of the carbon isotope c-12 .
6	vole , gopher , mice , mole and chipmunk may locally be favored based on abundance .
20	karla refused these advances and eventually returned to favor in the ussr , masterminding the witchcraft/source merlin operations supporting the mole gerald in the circus .
12	breaking one of atp 's phosphorus bonds generates approximately 30.5 kilojoule per mole of atp ( 7.3 kcal ) .
12	the leader replies that he has already won since he has a mole in the justice league .
2	is a mole zoanthrope and a self-styled master of the traditional ninja arts .
2	examples 1 mole of glucose ( c 6 h 12 o 6 ) is equivalent to 6 c-moles of glucose .
31	they are stuffed with a variety of fillings including potatoes and ground beef , apples , pineapple , sweetened rice , or other typical mexican ingredients , such as tinga and mole .
9	he besieged the port of bononia , building a mole across the harbor mouth to prevent the rebels from escaping by sea and ensure they could not receive maritime aid , and invaded batavia in the rhine delta , securing his rear against carausius 's frankish allies .
11	philip meets claudia where she tells him that there is a mole working for the fbi .
16	on september 1 , 2006 a special operation named '' operação facção toupeira '' ( operation mole faction ) was started , leading the police to arrest 43 people suspect of involvement on the heist including one of the alleged masterminds , and recovering r$ 275,100 in cash .
4	henk henk is a mole .
19	molar volume taking stp to be 101.325 kpa and 273.15 k , we can find the volume of one mole of a gas : for 100.00 kpa and 273.15 k , the molar volume of an ideal gas is 22.712 dm 3 mol − 1 .
9	the mouse suggests thumbelina marry her neighbor , a mole , but thumbelina finds repulsive the prospect of being married to such a creature because he spent all his days underground and never saw the sun or sky .
21	so the specific heat of a classical solid is always 3k per atom , or in chemistry units , 3r per mole of atoms .
26	dose concentration is the measure of the ratio of the amount of the drug to the volume that contains it , often measured in units of mole / m 3 .
27	it is an extension of giorgi 's mksa system -- its base units are the metre , kilogram , second , ampere , kelvin , candela and mole .
4	the reactions for one mole of water are shown below , with oxidation of water occurring at the anode and reduction of water occurring at the cathode .
38	specific heat specific heat , also called specific heat capacity , is defined as the amount of energy that has to be transferred to or from one unit of mass ( kilogram ) or amount of substance ( mole ) to change the system temperature by one degree .
27	the subfamily talpinae , sometimes called '' old world moles '' or '' old world moles and relatives '' , is one of three subfamilies of the mole family talpidae , the others being the scalopinae , or new world moles , and the uropsilinae , or shrew-like moles .
42	all three included a road connection to tyssøy , with the bridge proposals costing for the tyssøy connection , and the tunnel having a cost of , in part because the earthworks volume from the tunnel could be used to build a mole with a short bridge .
14	the latter adopts the three base units of mks , plus the ampere , mole , candela and kelvin .
3	pre-recorded films featured mole , capercaillie and earwig .
5	his animal representation is a mole , and his climate is the tropical rainforest .
15	its primary prey consists of mice , rat , squirrel , chipmunk , shrew , mole and rabbits .
8	traditional foods of the municipality include carnitas , mole , barbacoa and tamale filled with beans .
8	it is fixed by the definitions of the mole and of relative atomic mass .
2	: a mole imagin armed with claw .
4	digger digger is a mole who joins pocky 's team to avoid losing face in front of his friends .
7	food such as cake , chicken with mole , hot chocolate , coffee , and atole are served .
17	the international prototype kilogram be retired the current definitions of the kilogram , ampere , kelvin and mole be revised .
7	he was able to place a '' mole '' on the humphrey campaign press plane ; the agent sent back almost daily reports on off-the-record or unreported comments made by the democratic candidate and his staff , and evaluations of their morale .
10	the most common are food items such as plates of mole , tamale , sweets , fruit , hot chocolate , atole , tequila , mezcal and beer .
3	professor molo a mole , the secondary antagonist .
28	despite the positive propaganda effect , the quick and strong reaction from british troops convinced some high-ranking ira members that the army council had been infiltrated by a mole .
24	and when she receives her punishment , fern discovers that she is destined to help the nobodies , who are trapped by the evil mole , or bort .
20	when the heroes return to the lair , they find a note from dr. dark suggesting there may be a mole within the group .
12	among the contestants is one person who has been designated '' the mole '' by the producers and is tasked with sabotaging the group 's money-making efforts .
5	furthermore , in wild caught mole of many species , the eimer 's organs show obvious signs of wear and abrasion .
10	numerous other animals including panda , camel , rat , mole , sheep and cat , depending upon the strip 's plot requirements .
5	rictor was planted as a mole to find out what the purifiers were up to .
12	in '' the gathering '' , charlotte continues to act as a mole for the families when rex uncovers a lead ; she tries to put him off researching a pulp short story apparently based on the little italy incident , and tells him that a dna test that could find descendants of the author was unsuccessful .
24	the magnitude of the current ( in ampere ) and the duration of the current ( second ) can be used to determine the mole of the unknown species in solution .
11	during warrick 's investigation , rumors began that gedda had a mole in the lvpd .
11	in 1959 , blake became aware of a central intelligence agency mole inside gru , and was thus instrumental in exposing p. s. popov , who was executed in 1960 .
6	the player gets to control a mole which digs through dirt collecting various fruits and vegetables .
21	it eats fish , crab , shrimps , frog , toads , lizards , snakes , and small mammals such as mole , and particularly rodents like mice , voles and rats .
31	trapped raccoon trapping is regularly used for pest control of beaver , coyote , raccoon , cougar , bobcat , virginia opossum , fox , squirrel , rat , mouse and mole in order to limit damage to households , food supplies , farming , ranching , and property .
37	part four ned reflects that every employee of the circus of a certain generation can recall where he or she was at the time of '' the fall '' -- bill haydon 's exposure as a kgb mole .
26	when the fight is finally finished , only alex and karolina remain standing , at which point alex knocks out karolina and outs himself as a mole for his parents .
31	philby , when he was posted in the british embassy in washington , dc , after the war , learned that us and british intelligence were searching for a british embassy mole ( cryptonym homer ) who was passing information to the soviet union , relying on material uncovered by venona .
19	it replaced the national counterintelligence center , which was created in 1994 in response to the arrest of cia mole aldrich ames .
11	bakuryū ( first ) / kōryū , real name is a mole zoanthrope and a self-styled master of the traditional ninja arts .
11	a shooting spree ensues and the gang realizes rod is a mole , forcing him to drive away at gunpoint .
11	johann josef loschmidt determines the exact number of molecules in a mole , later named avogadro 's number .
2	pauli ( mole ) , mausi ( mouse ) , mimi ( pauli 's girlfriend ) .
33	the following table shows the factors for converting to j/kg : the concept of specific energy is related to but distinct from the chemical notion of molar energy , that is energy per mole of a substance .
15	he became particularly noted for his inventive trees of life , diversifying themes to include mole , other religious stories and festivals such as day of the dead .
32	a general principle of thermodynamics that governs the transfer of substances through membranes and other surfaces is that the exchange of free energy , δ g , for the transport of a mole of a substance of concentration c 1 in a compartment to another compartment where it is present at c 2 is : where c 2 is less than c 1 δ g is negative , and the process is thermodynamically favorable .
8	stone from kjerringberget was used to build a mole in korsvika .
7	c-mole is an abbreviation for a carbon mole .
46	the u.s. epa also defined the pool depth as 0.01 m ( i.e. , 1 cm ) so that the surface area of the pool liquid could be calculated as : notes : 1 kpa = 0.0102 kgf / cm ² = 0.01 bar mol = mole atm = atmosphere stiver and mackay 's method the following equations are for predicting the rate at which liquid evaporates from the surface of a pool of liquid which is at or near the ambient temperature .
10	the lighthouse established permanent service from 1906 ; after the mole 's foundations had settled a temporary lighting arrangement there was discharged .
5	soap agrees to become a mole for him , supplying the punisher with information on his targets from the police database .
1	the mole is currently defined as '' the quantity of entities ( elementary particles like atoms or molecules ) equal to the number of atoms in 12 grams of carbon 12 .
30	the si base units and their physical quantities are : metre for length kilogram for mass second for time ampere for electric current kelvin for temperature candela for luminous intensity mole for the amount of substance .
12	the channel had to launch under the talpa brand , latin for mole which translates to mol in dutch .
16	the most common fillings are pork and chicken , in either red or green salsa or mole .
14	brutal : above the claw introduces two additional characters : chung poe - a mole who can transform into an anthropomorphic bat - dragon hybrid during battle .
16	moving wire irms is quite sensitive , and samples containing as little as 1 nano - mole of carbon can yield precise ( within 1 ‰ ) results .
2	a soviet mole , and later other spies tipped off the missions to moscow , which in turn relayed the information to albania .
4	grant bristow , a mole for the canadian security intelligence service ( csis ) , infiltrated the group and became one of its leaders .
17	it was connected to the nearly island of pomègues , which runs roughly parallel , by a mole constructed in 1822 to create a port area .
5	dunkerque was tied alongside the mole with her stern facing the sea , so she could not return fire .
49	a typical tape measure with both metric and us units and two us pennies for comparison standardization of measurement units measurements are most commonly made in the si system , which contains seven fundamental units : kilogram , metre , candela , second , ampere , kelvin , and mole .
28	when ignited , the gas mixture converts to water vapor and releases energy , which sustains the reaction : 241.8 kj of energy ( lhv ) for every mole of burned .
18	a regularly used toilet area or dunghill , created by many mammals , such as the hyrax or mole is also called a midden .
22	exmouth decided to assign them to cover the main force from algerian flanking batteries , as there was insufficient space in the mole for the dutch frigates .
7	completing the soricomorpha are two species of mole .
13	mexican mulato chiles are part of the famous '' trinity '' used in mole , as well as other mexican sauces and stews .
44	in luo guanzhong 's historical novel romance of the three kingdoms , ju shou advised yuan shao to kill liu bei ( who was with yuan at the time to avoid cao cao ) since it is highly likely liu was acting as a mole for cao cao as liu bei 's general guan yu slew yan liang and wen chou .
25	the owner of tien , dutch media mogul john de mol , decided to rebrand the channel as talpa , the latin word for '' mole '' , which is mol in dutch .
47	sackur -- tetrode constant the sackur -- tetrode constant , written s 0 / r , is equal to s/kn evaluated at a temperature of t = 1 kelvin , at standard pressure ( 100 kpa or 101.325 kpa , to be specified ) , for one mole of an ideal gas composed of particles of mass equal to one atomic mass unit ( m u = ) .
25	the main villains of the show are the power-hungry police chief pamela bondani , who wants to become the town 's mayor , and her mole assistant professor molo .
9	conversions the magnitude of the electrical charge of one mole of elementary charge ( approximately 6.022 , or avogadro 's number ) is known as a faraday unit of charge ( closely related to the faraday constant ) .
5	he was unmasked as a mole in 1655 , prosecuted and executed by firing squad .
9	the event mascot , ligi ( an anthropomorphic black mole ) , returned after its introduction in 1999 .
9	order : soricomorpha family : talpidae 3 species of mole occur in pennsylvania .
8	he is recalled to hunt down a soviet mole in the '' circus '' , the highest echelon of the british secret intelligence service .
5	the area adjacent to the mole is also a source of recreational and research opportunities , with dive sites at the wrecks of sunken ships .
10	the islands of pomègues and ratonneau are connected by a mole built in 1822 .
10	some of the traditional foods here include several types of mole ( negro , rojo , amarillo , coloradito and more ) , chichilo , tasajo , tamales in banana leaves and tacos with chapulines ( fried grasshoppers ) .
27	the key system transit company established its own ferry service in 1903 between the ferry building in san francisco and its own pier and wharf ( '' mole '' ) on the oakland shoreline , located just south of what is today the eastern approach to the san francisco – oakland bay bridge .
13	irish mob boss francis '' frank '' costello plants colin sullivan as a mole within the massachusetts state police ; the two characters are loosely based on famous gangster whitey bulger and corrupt fbi agent john connolly , who grew up with bulger .
9	map location : this beach is just inside the mole which shields the river entrance and the port area of portimão , and runs north to the forte de são joão do arade .
5	2 seconds , so 1 mole of 238 u emits 3 alpha particles per second , producing the same number of thorium-234 ( th-234 ) atom .
12	in the toyline , the lead bounty hunter was immortalized as '' mole man .
11	he is called to death city to help uncover an enemy mole within dwma , revealed to be justin law , who determines his soul perception to be a threat to asura and murders him .
9	avogadro constant , a chemical concept relating to the mole , discovered by amedeo avogadro .
8	rené la taupe ( english : rené the mole ) is a virtual singing character created in 2009 by fox mobile group studios .
7	when the russians occupied trabzon , a mole was built .
13	before venturing into the caverns , charlie needs to search for a lunar mole on the moon 's surface .
26	inscription reads : to the glory of god and in memory of these three officers and one mechanic of the royal navy who fell on the mole at zeebrugge on st george 's day 1918 and have no known grave wing commander brock f. a. o.b.e. lieutenant commander harrison a. l . v.c. lieutenant hawkins c.e.v. mechanic second class f/50269 rouse j. wing commander frank arthur brock ( 29 june 1888 -- 23 april 1918 ) was a british officer of the royal air force who devised and executed the smoke screen used during the zeebrugge raid on 23 april 1918 , in the british royal navy 's attempt to neutralize the key belgian port of bruges-zeebrugge during the first world war .
19	mexican cuisine features sauces which may contain chocolate , seeds , and chiles collectively known by the nahua name mole ( compare guacamole ) .
1	each mole has been planted by the rival organization to gain an advantage in intelligence over the other side .
24	on 22/23 april 1918 , captain carpenter was in command of vindictive which was to land a force of 200 royal marines on the mole at zeebrugge at the start of the zeebrugge raid .
12	the tyrians used the fire ship in attempt to destroy alexander 's mole .
27	other characters , which are essentially large scale puppets , are a strange-looking blue tree frog called rockit ( sic ) , a purple and green striped mole ( who almost looks like one of the fimbles ) called roly mo , a plump and motherly pink bird called bessie and her chick , ribble .
7	some rcmp testimony claimed he was a mole who left the plot just days before its execution because he was told to pull out , but the canadian government denied that report .
19	they bring 12 turkeys , pan de yema , chocolate , clayudas , and ingredients to make the traditional mole dish as offerings .
23	when the identity connects it to one of the employees at the facility where the fringe mainframe is housed , broyles suspects a mole seeking to wipe out fauxlivia 's data , and orders a mainframe lockdown , while verifying the humanity of key people in the fbi and massive dynamic .
15	as an example , in microscopic physics , to describe a system consisting of a mole of carbon-12 atoms we need of the order of 10 23 ( avogadro 's number ) variables , while to describe it as a macroscopic system ( 12 grams of carbon-12 ) we only need a few .
14	chemical potential is measured in units of energy/particle or , equivalently , energy / mole .
24	steelix ( voiced by j.w . meyers ) - steelix was jen 's original partner in time force , but he was secretly a mole who was selling top-secret information to ransik .
28	earthworm are their most important food source , followed by large insect , carrion , cereals , fruit and small mammal including rabbit , mice , shrew , mole and hedgehog .
3	: a robotic mole chunin , his mastery of '' space ninpou : land-escape '' made him needed for a task to dig up the jakanja subway .
8	however , one of the contestants is a mole , deliberately planted to work against the team .
4	as big brother 's mole , she was not eligible to win .
10	it encapsulates a group of mammal known as old world mole .
27	a string of failed missions from berlin to the bay of pigs invasion forces jack to conclude that the cia has been severely penetrated by a kgb mole .
11	eating out : the highlights of their food jocoque , the mole , tacos , gorditas , birria , and barbecued meat in marinade ; their desserts , capirotada and cajeta ; their beverages atole , mezcal , pulque , ponche and wine .
8	the torpedoes fired at the budapest struck the mole of the seaplane station , but wien was hit twice and capsized in five minutes , killing 46 of the crew .
34	in addition to houses , some of which are decorated with mosaics and wallpaintings , a number of public buildings have come to light , such as those in the agora and the harbor mole .
13	other mammals preyed upon include rat , squirrel , rabbit , bat , mole , opossum , mink , and weasel .
18	this area , called the '' rock creek basin '' by the canal company , which included a mole , causeway , and waste weir was completed in 1831 .
13	the metre , kilogram , second , ampere , kelvin , candela and mole were defined as base units in this system and units formed from combinations of these base units were known as '' derived units '' .
13	traditionally , these two families were grouped with the hedgehog , shrew and mole in the lipotyphla .
28	'' she is stopped just after this and goes on to read fox 's closing remarks from the day before which refer to him washing and drying a mole in front of a fire before returning the creature to its '' chamber with his weight of grubs .
49	most ofrendas contain three levels or tiers : on the topmost tier are placed photographs of the deceased and/or images of various saints which are positioned in a retablo which forms the back of the altar ; on the second tier are placed food items including such things as mole , candy , pan dulce , and especially a sweetbread called pan de muerto , as well as bottles or poured shot glasses of tequila or mezcal ; on the bottom-most tier are placed item such as lit candles , a washbasin , mirror , soap , and a towel so that the supposed spirit of the deceased see themselves and can refresh themselves upon arrival at the altar .
17	she returned on day 63 with a special task of telling the housemates that there was a mole among them .
1	the mole is also widely recognized and its subterranean lifestyle causes much damage to garden lawns .
10	name the name is derived from the japanese word for mole .
6	to find the enthalpy change per mole of a substance a in a reaction between two substances a and b , the substances are added to a calorimeter and the initial and final temperature ( before the reaction started and after it has finished ) are noted .
14	she was given a secret mission to tell the housemates that there was a mole among them when in reality , there actually was not .
14	etymology the genus name talpanas is taken from the latin word talpa , meaning mole and referring to the small size of the eyes , and the greek word anas , or duck .
14	in modern terms , dulong and petit found that the heat capacity of a mole of many solid substances is about 3 r , where r is the modern constant called the universal gas constant .
91	abundant and all-year-long running streams as well as rich vegetation enable well-matched conditions for the habitat of fauna such as deer ( cervidae ) , roe deer ( capreolus capreolus ) , wild boar ( sus scrofa ) , grey wolf ( canis lupus ) , brown bear ( ursus arctos ) , red fox ( vulpes vulpes ) , wildcat ( felis silvestris ) , lynx , european pine marten ( martes martes ) , beech marten ( martes foina ) , weasel , rabbit , squirrel , hedgehog , mole , bat , european badger ( meles meles ) and european otter ( lutra lutra ) .
1	this mole lives in an underground tunnel system , which it constantly extends .
10	an undercover cia operative is accused of being a russian mole , and has to go on the run to defend himself .
41	the inner harbor was begun in 1518 by khair-ad-din barbarossa ( see history , below ) , who , to accommodated his pirate vessels , caused the island on which was fort penon to be connected with the mainland by a mole .
34	he stated that he was recruited after compromising himself during a vulnerable time in his life , but did not specify why he was vulnerable or why he would risk his life as a mole for british intelligence ( sometimes referred to as '' tout '' ) in an area such as west belfast .
6	motya falls beginning of the motya mole connecting the city to the mainland .
5	green or red salsa or mole is poured over the crisp tortilla triangles , called totopo .
30	he founded a special camp outside moscow ( towards kiev ) and trained a selection of handpicked men ( usually ex-military officers ) to act as handlers of his various mole .
18	serum vitamin b 12 tests results are in pg/ml ( picograms / millilitre ) or pmol/l ( pico mole / litre ) .
2	: a mole monster , nicknamed '' mogura '' , able to burrow underground and prone to chant '' chu-chu '' .
38	when the tortilla-like base is cooked and charred where the dough hits the hot metal of the grill , chewy as a medium-well steak , it is then topped with black beans , salsa , shredded cabbage , mole negro , guacamole and cheese .
32	'' greene claimed that she had accompanied willimot into a wood where she said willimot had conjured up two spirits in the form of a kitten and a '' moldewarp '' ( mole ) which had climbed on her shoulders and sucked at her ears .
25	these are a coherent set of units defined to measure 7 basic physical properties : metre , kilogram , second , ampere , kelvin , mole , candela .
22	he would join the vichy regime 's prisoner of war aid society , the rassemblement national prisonniers de guerre , as a mole on behalf of the french resistance ; he was involved in the escape of general henri giraud .
11	moleman ( voiced by ken merckx ) - a dog / mole demon who invented a laser powered by vypra 's stolen starlight crystals .
13	it is not unheard of for mexican americans to serve their turkey with mole and roasted corn .
8	characters a nice guy called david bouchard a mole family - mr. manny , mrs. milly , marcia , marcus a family of mice ( the corncrackers ) - albert , rose , root , snoot and hickory a frog family - moses , neptune , abel and grannie annie who pushes around a bowl containing two tadpoles , on a pram a hedgehog family ( the tickles ) - mrs. tickle , lizzie , libby and shrimp a squirrel family - rufus , rain and their baby squirrel called hazel two mischievous gray squirrels - dave and denzil who communicate frequently with a cups and string phone .
13	examples shrew tuatara hedgehog kiwi long-beaked echidna platypus leeches of the genus americobdella mole american robin wormsnake some sea snails e.g. jaspidiconus and conus species .
24	housemates a total of fourteen housemates entered the house on day 1 , thirteen official housemates plus a sub-official housemate acting as a '' mole '' in a task to become the fourteenth official housemate .
11	examples of these foods include tamale , tortilla , tostadas , mole , menudo , pozole , sopes , chile relleno and enchilada .
21	the caribbean region is home to two unique families of the mammal order soricomorpha , which also includes the shrew and mole .
31	in the latter configuration , the two methyls are said to be in a gauche relationship , and the relative potential energy of each methyl-methyl gauche interaction is 0.9 kilocalorie per mole ( 4 kj / mol ) .
0	mole - the talking moles of narnia are excellent tunnelers and gardeners .
5	ars technica claimed via a mole , that the unit would be a '' keytar '' , and that the game would include pro mode .
26	he is unable to repeat this feat in tinker , tailor , soldier , spy , due to the infiltration of the circus by a high-level mole run by the soviet spymaster karla .
25	the primary storyline involves sugarhorse , a top secret operation set up by mi5 during the final years of the cold war , and a mole working for the fsb who intends to leak the operation to the russians .
36	plot the film follows the exploits of sam boyd ( gene hackman ) , a former operative for the cia who is reactivated to escort pyotr ivanovich grushenko ( mikhail baryshnikov ) , a captured kgb mole , to a prisoner exchange in recently reunited berlin .
16	he reported that he cooperated fully with the americans , eventually agreeing to serve as a mole for the cia , first in guantanamo bay detention camp , and later in bosnia , where he was tasked to win the trust of arab veterans of the bosnian war of independence .
14	usually they are served with patties of dried shrimp , and potatoes in a mole sauce .
4	she passed the outer mole at 18 : 24 and capsized about four minutes later .
15	grant bristow ( born february 1958 , winnipeg , manitoba , canada ) was a mole for the canadian security intelligence service ( csis ) working inside the heritage front for six years , who was exposed by toronto sun reporter bill dunphy in august 1994 ( several months after ending his work ) .
14	for the fuel carrying salts , generally 1 % or 2 % ( by mole ) of uf 4 is added .
17	the meeting turns sour and the mi6 man is murdered after learning that the kgb have a mole in the british embassy in rome , but his killers do not realize that a concealed microphone has recorded everything .
7	euroscaptor subanura is a species of talpine mole .
8	soricomorphs the order soricomorpha includes the shrew and mole as well as two families known only from the greater antilles and surrounding islands .
10	however , they all soon realize that mentalla is a mole in the fatal five , and has not truly betrayed the legion .
13	; 1865 : johann josef loschmidt determines exact number of molecules in a mole , later named avogadro 's number .
27	'' jailhouse roc : a giant flying vulture who had been in jail since the late 1950s until released to work for a.c.r.o.s.t.i.c. digger o'doom : a mole who gains tremendous strength after eating one of rodney 's carrots .
8	the typical food of santo tomas is turkey mole and tamale , which are served in family gatherings , weddings and quinceañera .
26	castle abducts duka , who fearfully gives up information about the saints -- whom he , too , hates , and so willingly becomes castle 's mole .
19	in fact , from their perspective , humans were capable of sight but nearly blind , such as a mole appears to a human .
12	in his own words : he is made of '' chile , mole and pasilla pepper '' ( ) .
1	one mole of deuterium-tritium gas would contain about 3.0 grams of tritium and 2.0 grams of deuterium .
8	the fist ones are , for example : mole , shrew , dormice ... geography there are four distinct areas of interest in the reserve : the estuary .
29	two of three blockships were scuttled in the narrowest part of the bruges canal and one of two submarines rammed the viaduct , which linked the shore and the mole , to isolate the german garrison .
12	rima 's task was to tell the housemates that there was a mole when there was not .
31	back at the precinct , reed is contacted by fbi agent gabriel whitting ( christopher walken ) , who informs reed that one of the detectives in his precinct is a mole , and is probably responsible for higgins ' death .
13	one of those who attended those early meetings was george blake , a mole in the british intelligence apparatus .
21	hulda ( ) is a feminine given name derived from חולדה chuldah or huldah , a hebrew word meaning weasel or mole .
12	gram atomic mass is the mass , in gram , of one mole of atom in a monatomic chemical element .
12	the diluted solution still contains 10 grams of salt / ( 0.171 mole of nacl ) .
25	according to david wise of the washingtonian , shriver was the first case where china tried to recruit an american to set up as a mole within the cia , although the method has been attempted by other countries .
15	in humans , approximately 60 percent of the energy released from the hydrolysis of one mole of atp produces metabolic heat rather than fuel the actual reactions taking place .
26	the site the site of alsium is clearly fixed by the distance from porto , at the modern village of palo , with a fort and mole of the 17th century , in the construction of which many ancient materials have been used .
72	for example , lithium dissolves in liquid ammonia to give a solution of lithium amide : self-dissociation like water , ammonia undergoes molecular autoionisation to form its acid and base conjugates : at standard pressure and temperature , k = ( ) ( ) = 10 combustion the combustion of ammonia to nitrogen and water is exothermic : the standard enthalpy change of combustion , δ h ° c , expressed per mole of ammonia and with condensation of the water formed , is − 382.81 kj/mol .
17	i 've just scribbled a list of what i know for sure : i 've been a mole on a fake reality show called space cadets ; i have a russian doll in my hand luggage ; i 've just spent the past five days in a flight simulator in a hangar on the suffolk coast ; and - last but by no means least - i 've just spent the past five days in space .
12	ten months after chan 's death lau kin-ming , hon 's former mole in the hong kong police force , has been demoted to administrative duty pending an investigation into the deaths of chan and inspector b. he falsely claims that b shot chan in the head while holding him hostage , and that he killed b in retaliation .
13	bestiae is a defunct taxon that contained pig , armadillo , hedgehog , mole , shrew , and opossum .
6	when the ship neared the zeebrugge mole she cast the two ferries aside .
44	at the villa , craig discovers joao 's corpse and confronts amanda , who explains that he was killed by a russian intelligence officer , rogov , under cover as oxford professor milo janek , who had recruited her two years earlier as a mole because of her links with the embassy .
42	of course , from the above relationships , for solids one writes for pure homogeneous chemical compound with established molecular or molar mass or a molar quantity is established , heat capacity as an intensive property can be expressed on a per mole basis instead of a per mass basis by the following equations analogous to the per mass equations : where n is the number of moles in the body or thermodynamic system .
2	suspecting a mole due to the loss of several soviet agents that year , hathaway launched an investigation which culminated in the exposure in 1994 of aldrich ames , several years after hathaway 's retirement .
2	a soviet mole had warned western intelligence that information was being leaked from portland .
6	popular culture badger , ratty , mole , and mr. toad from the wind in the willows badger characters are featured in author brian jacques ' redwall series , most often falling under the title of badger lord or badger mother , and the 19th century poem '' the badger '' by john clare describes a badger hunt and badger-baiting .
33	he fears that this will be his doom , but it turns out that this sound is coming from bells on the lead of a shrew who from this is attached to a mole .
2	: a mole imagin armed with axe .
10	roley moley ( performed by nigel plaskitt ) - a mole who came looking for materials for a sign , a fence , and a garden in '' this way to the garden .
86	examples include emlék ( '' a ( piece of ) memory '' ) , farok ( '' tail '' ) , köldök ( '' navel '' ) , könyök ( '' elbow '' ) , sarok ( '' corner '' / '' heel '' ) , pocok ( '' vole '' ) , püspök ( '' bishop '' ) , érsek ( '' archbishop '' ) , szemöldök ( '' eyebrow '' ) , zsák ( '' sack '' ) etc. -- the name of the mole used to be vakondok but this form took on a plural meaning and the word is mostly used today as vakond .
5	they labeled him a '' mole '' and the '' red oligarch '' .
10	the activation energy for this reaction is about 40kcal per mole .
11	don resetti ( ラケットさん raketto-san ) - don resetti is a mole who works at the reset intervention bureau ( which was later renamed the resetti surveillance center ) and is the younger brother of mr. resetti .
34	in the episode , suave yet rude and belligerent spy sterling archer , prompted by questions regarding his expense account , breaks into the mainframe computer of his organization isis and inadvertently discovers a mole in the organization .
12	a shrew or shrew mouse ( family soricidae ) is a small mole - like mammal classified in the order soricomorpha .
9	some examples of the typical food are pozole , mole and barbacoa mass with .
23	his recruitment to the svr appears to have occurred in the wake of a much publicized arrest of senior cia officer and moscow mole aldrich ames in february 1994 , which , in the words of cia veteran and author tennent bagley , had '' exposed extraordinary slackness of cia security procedures .
14	us cover of salamandastron meanwhile , a young squirrel named samkim and his good mole friend arula are wreaking havoc , as will happen with youngbeasts .
12	an east german , constantine vishnevsky , has offered information regarding a mole within mi6 , in exchange for safe passage for himself and his family to the west .
16	insectivorous mammals hunted by raccoon dogs include shrew and hedgehog and , on rare occasions , mole and desman .
10	the relationship of the changes in amount ( of which mole is a unit ) , represented as n ( ∆ ) , between the species is given by stoichiometry as follows : which , when rearranged for ∆ a and ∆ b yields : 2 .
22	assuming a 100 % conversion of antiprotons to antihydrogen , it would take 100 billion years to produce 1 gram or 1 mole of antihydrogen ( approximately atoms of antihydrogen ) .
22	in the 1950s the town became popular as a beach resort and a rural life village due to the construction of a mole , to inhibit the spread of tidal sands into the mouth of the otago harbour and was surveyed and amalgamated as a suburb of port chalmers borough .
28	a number of authors have published criticisms of the revised definitions -- in particular that proposal had failed to address the impact of breaking the link between the mole , kilogram , the dalton , the avogadro constant and avogadro 's number .
14	in 1865 , johann josef loschmidt determined the exact number of molecules in a mole , later named avogadro 's number .
2	' ; mole : from mōlli , '' sauce '' ; nopal : from nohpalli , '' prickly pear cactus '' ; ocelot : from ocēlōtl ; peyote : from peyōtl .
19	despite its outward similarity to muskrat ( a rodent ) , the russian desman is actually part of the mole family talpidae in the order soricomorpha .
2	one zepto mole ( zmol ) of substance contains 602 particles .
14	atp recycling the total quantity of atp in the human body is about 0.2 mole .
5	eileen roberts , a female mole who works at a local coffee shop , previously alongside margaret smith , has strong feelings for rigby and makes this very obvious .
30	kelly was subsequently called before the foreign affairs select committee whose conclusion was that kelly was being used as a scapegoat and that he had not been gilligan 's key mole .
23	the standard gibbs free energy of formation of a compound is the change of gibbs free energy that accompanies the formation of 1 mole of a substance in its standard state from its constituent elements in their standard states ( the most stable form of the element at 1 bar of pressure and the specified temperature , usually 298.15 k or 25 ° c ) .
6	mol : beast mode is mechanical mole .
11	it was claimed at the time , by a then-unidentified bbc mole , that ross earned # 530,000 ( equivalent to # 10,000 per show ) per year for hosting his radio 2 show .
26	since the two internal degrees of freedom are essentially unfrozen , in accordance with the equipartition theorem , nitrogen has five-thirds the specific heat capacity per mole ( a specific number of molecules ) as do the monatomic gases .
16	control , the anonymous chief of the circus , comes to suspect that there is a mole deep in the organization .
7	its molecular weight is 309.2714 grams / mole .
13	during this and other festival typical dishes of the area include corunda , mole , barbacoa and '' guenches '' which is a larvae found on strawberry trees .
6	it was stated explicitly that a mole with the gia terrorists informed the french , but not algerian , authorities that the intention was to use the aircraft as a missile to attack paris .
22	the other australians were assigned to the boiler rooms of the blockship , or as part of a storming party along the mole .
15	nemo can ride certain animals such as a frog , a gorilla , or a mole , by feeding them candy .
23	formed from '' mojado '' ( wet or dripping ) probably referring to the mint leaves in the well known cuba drink ; mole : from spanish , from nahuatl molle or molli ( '' sauce '' ) ; montana : from montaña , a mountain ; mosquito : from mosquito , literally '' little fly '' ; mulatto : from spanish or portuguese mulato meaning '' octoroon , sambo '' .
9	also , the molecatcher would be paid for every mole caught ; he would earn extra money by selling the moleskins to fur dealers .
25	common recipes for the iguana include stews ( guisado ) , pozole , birria , roasted in taco and flauta , roasted and finished with mole , and even sauteed with almonds .
12	the most historic achievement of these marines was the capture of the mole during the assault on gibraltar ( sailors of the royal navy captured the rock itself ) and the subsequent defense of the fortress alongside the dutch marines in 1704 .
3	traditional dishes include mole , corunda , tamale , uchepo , esquites , along with silversides fish from the lake prepared in various ways .
5	taking into account that 1 mole is equal to 6.022 atoms , this number corresponds to kton of the target substances , whereas present neutrino detector operate at much lower quantities of those .
5	was born from a prehistoric mole fossil .
16	at the municipal market , foods such as mixiote , barbacoa , consume and turkey in mole can be found as well as pulque .
7	the new fort was constructed as a mole linked to the mainland by a wooden bridge .
40	fission product yields by mass for thermal neutron fission of u-235 , pu-239 , a combination of the two typical of current nuclear power reactors , and u-233 used in the thorium cycle if a graph of the mass or mole yield of fission products against the atomic number of the fragments is drawn then it has two peaks , one in the area zirconium through to palladium and one at xenon through to neodymium .
21	eileen roberts eileen ( voiced by minty lewis , a writer/storyboard artist for the series ) is a shy and timid mole who works at a local coffee shop , previously alongside margaret smith .
17	it was a small , specialised , burrowing dicynodont , possibly with habits similar to a modern mole .
9	colored dyes were created from plants containing tannin , mole , or walnut ; and minerals , such as clay , ferruginosa , or mordant aluminum ; as well as animals , such as cochineal .
15	it also contains food stands which sell local and regional specialties such as barbacoa , mole , quelites ( a name for various types of edible greens ) , and dishes which contains local specialty ingredients such as wild mushrooms , escamoles , maguey flowers , ant eggs and '' cupiches '' ( a kind of butterfly larvae ) .
4	as an ingredient in mole dishes , they are known in spanish as pipián .
22	eventually , rhyno , angle , and christian were all part of the alliance ; although angle was in it as a mole , and outside of a feud between christian and edge ( who stayed with wwf ) over the intercontinental title , as well as angle defeating rhyno for the united states championship ( prior to his defection ) , then losing it to edge , the members were never involved in any of the same spots within that angle .
11	in queen sacrifice , it was revealed that she is a mole reporting to those responsible for the blackout .
13	u.s. secret service agent gibbs ( xander berkeley ) , acting as a mole for a group of six russian radek loyalists led by the ruthless egor korshunov ( gary oldman ) , sneaks them onto the plane disguised as news reporters .
2	description a mole taupe is a dark tan , sometimes grayish brown or brownish gray .
17	after the opening of stasi archives , it was revealed that west germany was riddled with mfs-hva mole .
46	for instance , the volume of a single-solute solution can be written as where v 0 is the extensive volume of the pure solvent and its molar volume ( at the same temperature and pressure as the solution ) , n 0 is the number of mole of solvent , is the apparent molar volume of the solute , and n 1 is the number of moles of the solute in the solution .
39	when the heat of fusion is referenced to a unit of mass , it is usually called the specific heat of fusion , while the molar heat of fusion refers to the enthalpy change per amount of substance in mole .
35	gamma is assumed from kinetic theory to be exactly 5/3 = 1.6667 for monatomic gases such as noble gas ) ; is the absolute temperature in kelvin ; is the molar mass in kilogram per mole .
21	in aztec times , two or three corn tortillas would be eaten with each meal , either plain or dipped in mole or a chili pepper and water sauce .
17	the afr in mass units is employed in fuel oil fired furnaces , while volume ( or mole ) units are used for natural gas fired furnaces .
41	metres above the adriatic ( , , ) is the mean sea level datum used in austria and some other central and southeast europe countries to measure elevation referring to the average water level of the adriatic sea at the sartorio mole in trieste .
29	a mixture of methyl isocyanate and two moles of hydrogen chloride is formed , but n-methylcarbamoyl chloride ( mcc ) forms as the mixture is condensed , leaving one mole of hydrogen chloride as a gas .
35	notably copies for leo ross and mr david william icd , ( deputy director of information ) were not signed by minister william harper who was later dismissed when he was discovered to be a mole for the british government ( harper was the only signatory to the proclamation not to be awarded the independence decoration ) .
22	in xu , chen deng urged cao cao to get rid of lü bu soon , and agreed to work as a mole for cao in xu province .
21	the word derives from the french noun taupe , which in turn is from the latin talpa , both meaning '' mole '' ( the mammal ) .
31	in 332 bc when alexander the great founded the city of alexandria on an isthmus opposite to pharos , he caused the island to be united to the coast by a mole more than three-quarters of a mile long ( 1260 m/4 ,100 + feet ) called the heptastadion ( '' seven stadia '' -- a stadium was a greek unit of length measuring approximately 180 m ) .
3	he was a mole in the kgb , spying for the federal bureau of investigation in the 1970s and 1980s before being caught and imprisoned .
25	the smaller breakwater was built as part of the preparations for the visit of the rms mauretania and is sometimes known as the '' mauretania mole '' .
31	the time and date are derived from avogadro 's number , which is approximately 6.02 × 10 23 , defining the number of particles ( atoms or molecules ) in one mole of substance , one of the seven base si units .
14	the fur is waterproof , and the texture is akin to that of a mole .
27	a tiendas de chocolate mill in oaxaca , where customers can have roasted cocoa beans and spices ground for chocolate , or roasted chili pepper ground for mole .
32	on its saints day , the town of otumba lays out a carpet of flower petals on the atrium of the church along with decorative floral portals , dances , barbacoa and mole .
64	neighborhood celebrations are held in cuernavaca , mostly for patron saints , they include 15 may , the feast of san isidro labrador ; 13 june , the feast of san antonio in the neighborhood of san antón , with aztec dances ; 6 august , the feast of the savior or the transfiguration in ocotepec , featuring the moors and christians dance , mole , and pulque ; 10 august the feast of san lorenzo in chamilpa ; 15 august , the festival of the assumption of mary in santa maría ahuacatilán ; and 8 september , festival of nuestra señora de los milagros in tlaltenango .
9	wilhelm ostwald ( 1853 -- 1932 ) defines the mole , he received the nobel prize for chemistry ( 1909 ) .
13	hydrogen is a highly desirable fuel , as , although the energy per mole is not unusually high , the molecule is very much lighter than other molecules .
5	drilbur , known as the mole pokémon , burrows underground at more than 50 km/h .
3	field mice , mole , ground squirrel , rabbit , raccoon , opossum , skunk , badger , coyote , bobcat and many more rely on the habitat supported by the lake for their survival .
6	the feet can be seasoned with mole sauce .
11	some common noble species in redwall include mice , otter , mole , hare , squirrel , hedgehog , shrew , bird , vole , and badger , while common vermin include rat , fox , weasel , ferret , raven , snake , stoat , ermine , sable , wildcat , magpie , rook , and crow .
21	system details the initial connection across the bay to san francisco was by ferryboat via a causeway and pier ( '' mole '' ) , extending from the end of yerba buena avenue in oakland , california westward 16,000 feet ( 4,900 m ) to a ferry terminal near yerba buena island .
10	he first built his own harbor alongside and constructed a mole from which he deployed a floating spiked boom but demetrius never succeeded in taking the harbor .
18	other notable american moles other agents in place in the us government or military who worked as a mole for either the kgb or the svr , include : james hall iii - an army warrant officer and intelligence analyst in germany who sold eavesdropping and code secrets to east germany and the soviet union from 1983 to 1988 .
19	it was unfortunate for both archer and sis that philby , later to be unmasked as a soviet '' mole '' , recognized her considerable abilities .
9	unbeknownst to the prison authorities smith was actually a mole for the imprisoned ulster volunteer force ( uvf ) leader gusty spence , passing on information about the conditions in which the internees were being held .
13	molar refractivity , , is a measure of the total polarizability of a mole of a substance and is dependent on the temperature , the index of refraction , and the pressure .
20	when the allotrope engages in a gasification reaction below , the reaction 's activation energy is approximately 178 kilojoules per mole .
53	the ccu proposed to in addition to the speed of light , define four constants of nature -- planck 's constant , an elementary charge , boltzmann constant and avogadro constant -- to have exact values retire the international prototype kilogram revise the current definitions of the kilogram , ampere , kelvin and mole to make use of the above four constants of nature tighten the wording of the definitions of all the base units the cipm meeting of october 2010 found that '' the conditions set by the general conference at its 23rd meeting have not yet been fully met .
23	for unknown reasons , the soviets did not act on their intelligence about polyakov until he was betrayed a second time by cia mole aldrich ames in 1985 .
15	selcia had assumed the name of her deceased friend , in order to be a mole at tesla leicht , planting the viruses in both the institute 's and the valsione 's computers , in anticipation for kyle 's attack .
21	the procedure for calculating oxygen balance in terms of 100 grams of the explosive material is to determine the number of mole of oxygen that are excess or deficient for 100 grams of a compound .
13	the detection threshold for pyridine in solutions is about 1 -- 3 m mole · l − 1 ( 79 -- 237 mg · l − 1 ) .
12	the animals and birds that lived in the region were squirrel , mole , beaver , shrew - mouse , coyote , puma , deer , woodpecker , white-winged dove , owl , and wild duck , among others .
35	the first cruise ship was the sunward in 1969 , which docked at the navy 's pier in the truman annex or the privately owned pier b. the navy 's pier is called the navy mole .
15	the modern port started its operations in 1854 during the british raj , when a mole was constructed to connect city to the harbor .
2	in one mole of any element there are atoms ( avogadro 's constant ) .
30	the first class , the beasts , in the biblical parlance , includes all large , walking animals , with the exception of the amphibia , such small animals as mole , mice and the like , and humans as they were not classified as animals .
5	if one targets a 12 mole ethoxylate with a conventional alkaline earth hydroxide , one could expect to get a broad range of ethoxylates with n being anywhere from 3 to 30 moles of eo .
4	the electric charge per mole of electrons is a constant called the faraday constant and had been known since 1834 when michael faraday published his works on electrolysis .
4	alcoholic fermentation converts one mole of sucrose into four moles of ethanol and four moles of carbon dioxide , producing two moles of atp in the process .
15	the molar heat capacity is the heat capacity per unit amount ( si unit : mole ) of a pure substance and the specific heat capacity , often simply called specific heat , is the heat capacity per unit mass of a material .
21	as it was thought impossible to take the city by force , mangrai sent a merchant named ai fa as a mole to gain the confidence of its king yi ba .
1	the mole has a pair of short , spade-like forelimbs for burrowing .
8	it is the heat required to break one mole of molecules into their individual atoms .
3	metabolism one milli mole of phenytoin is produced for every millimole of fosphenytoin administered ; the hydrolysis of fosphenytoin also yields phosphate and formaldehyde , the latter of which is subsequently metabolized to formate , which is in turn metabolized by a folate dependent mechanism .
4	) , chipmunk , mole and bat ( especially the little brown bat ( myotis lucifugus ) ) may be taken occasionally .
10	the word derives from the french noun taupe meaning '' mole '' .
25	for example , for a nuclide with half-life ( 60 million years ) , this means 77 half-lives have elapsed , meaning that for each mole ( ) of that nuclide being present at the formation of earth , only 4 atoms remain today .
32	the only method of contacting him is through a high-tech , secure website , and any person the fbi manages to take into custody ends up dead at the hands of a mole .
55	lieber reveals that , in 1996 , '' adm ceo , mr. dwayne andreas , told the washington post that he had known about whitacre 's frauds for three years '' and speculates that whitacre was fired and turned over to the federal authorities only after adm learned he had been working as an fbi mole .
31	to make puddle , clay or heavy loam is chopped with a spade and mixed into a plastic state with water and sometimes coarse sand or grit to discourage excavation by mole or water vole .
10	it is believed that the worm thinks there is a mole nearby and the worm escapes by going to the surface .
7	typical foods include mixiotes , barbacoa , mole with turkey , tocatlán style chicken along with crystallized fruit and a dessert item called '' muégano .
28	appearances : a fistful of simoleans the good , the bad and the warty the komplex caper the taking of pilot jenny digger mcsquint digger mcsquint , a mole , was a member of commander dogstar 's crew aboard the indefagitable .
16	he decided to defect once it was suspected by the iranian vevak that he was a mole .
16	angus macbadger tells toad 's friends , ratty ( water rat ) , and moley ( mole ) to try to talk some sense into him but toad quickly discovers two men driving a newfangled motor car and is determined to get one of his own by any means necessary .
9	the fraction of guanine + cytosine pairs is 65 mole percent .
5	cuisine regional cuisine consists of mole accompanied with white rice , beef stew , pork liver with scrambled egg ( for breakfast ) and typical drinks as chocolate , chocolate atole , tejate , and mescal .
35	in 1992 , it was revealed by reporter normand lester that morin had been on the payroll of the royal canadian mounted police ( rcmp ) from 1974 to 1977 as a sort of '' mole '' within the pq .
0	mole ( ) is a mexican sauce made from chili peppers mixed with spices , unsweetened chocolate , almond , and other ingredients .
14	sex between adults and juveniles it has also been recorded that certain species of mole will impregnate newborns of their own species .
18	his specialty is the making of large cooking vessels called '' cazuelas , '' traditionally used to cook mole and rice , but he also makes a number of other utilitarian and decorative pieces .
19	after the war he provided intelligence to the british , but they released him suspecting he was a soviet mole .
5	the most distasteful items were mole and bluebottle fly ; panther , crocodile and mouse were among the other dishes noted by guests .
24	the closing scenes of the series finale were voted the second '' favourite moment '' , behind the reveal of nina myers as a mole in 24 .
5	during his time as a mole , tattaglia underwent some private changes .
0	mole itself is a mexican sauce made from chocolate that is nearly black in color , an image that jourgensen believes represents crude oil .
18	however , this slug does have some natural predators , including the hedgehog , badger , shrew , mole , mouse , frog , toad , snake , carnivorous beetle , and some bird .
55	for example , if two systems of ideal gases are in equilibrium , then p 1 v 1 / n 1 = p 2 v 2 / n 2 where p i is the pressure in the i th system , v i is the volume , and n i is the amount ( in mole , or simply the number of atoms ) of gas .
17	mona takes advantage of thumbelina 's gratitude and tries to force her into marrying the old mr. mole .
5	the units are kilocalorie per mole for historical reasons .
5	nigel nigel is a male mole , the muscle of the glf and another main protagonist .
23	he wanted a strong disney influence to the cartoon by choosing an animal for the leading role , and decided to pick a mole after stumbling over a molehill during a walk .
17	molar refractivity , on the other hand , is a measure of the total polarizability of a mole of a substance and can be calculated from the refractive index as where ρ is the density , and m is the molecular mass .
17	on the run from the authorities after his intervention in the miners ' strike , monty the mole must escape from his house and head for the english channel and freedom in europe .
32	some items typical of latin american cuisine include maize - based dishes ( tortilla , tamale , pupusa ) and various salsas and other condiments ( guacamole , pico de gallo , mole ) .
31	one u is defined as the amount of the enzyme that produces a certain amount of enzymatic activity , that is , the amount that catalyzes the conversion of 1 micro mole of substrate per minute .
22	he is killed in the episode '' last man standing '' by agent michelle lee , and initially suspected of being a mole .
18	in new zealand , the ecological niches normally occupied by mammals as different as rodent , kangaroos and mole , were filled by reptiles , insects , or birds .
31	although its external appearance is generally that of a long-nosed mouse , a shrew is not a rodent , as mice are , and is in fact more closely related to mole .
13	many of the troops were able to embark from the harbor 's protective mole onto 39 british destroyer and other large ships , while others had to wade out from the beaches , waiting for hours in the shoulder-deep water .
9	she was working secretly for big brother as a mole , going to and from the house to appear on big brother 's little brother .
3	food and drink mole is a typical dish from the area of oaxaca and puebla .
11	the name m.o.l. refers to the dutch word mol which means mole in english .
23	the agents use a week-long sleep study as cover to remove trackers and self-destruct devices implanted in georgia 's body , but a mole exposes the eis team .
26	she is very good at magic and capable of speaking many animal languages ( including ones which she claims to be a bit difficult such as mole , aardvark , ant , centipede and alien ) .
21	in toluca the most famous dish is chorizo , a regional sausage made of ground pork and tomato sauce , pumpkin mole , pipian and other ingredients such as salt , pepper , white wine , almonds , potatoes , vinegar , garlic and chile .
14	the book detailed various aspects of mi6 operations , alleging that it employed a mole in the german bundesbank and that it had a '' licence to kill '' , the latter later confirmed by the head of mi6 at a public hearing .
10	the canadian government continues to insist that there was no mole involved .
5	giraldus giraldus is a leprous mole who becomes one of ysabelle 's traveling companions .
3	generally a 2-10 mole % of this catalyst is used along with borane-tetrahydrofuran ( thf ) , borane-dimethylsulfide , borane - -diethylaniline , or diborane as the borane source .
106	following are some foods and the amount of magnesium in them : black-eyed peas ( 1/2 cup ) = 45 mg buckwheat flour ( 100g ( 4 oz ) ) = 250 mg halibut ( 100g ( 4 oz ) ) = 107 mg milk : low fat ( 1 cup ) = 40 mg oats ( 100g ( 4 oz ) ) = 235 mg peanut butter ( 2 tablespoons ) = 50 mg spinach ( 1/2 cup ) = 80 mg wholemeal bread ( 1 slice ) = 25 mg biological chemistry mg 2 + is the fourth-most-abundant metal ion in cells ( per mole ) and the most abundant free divalent cation -- as a result , it is deeply and intrinsically woven into cellular metabolism .
14	part of the wharf was filled in between 1879 and 1882 , creating a mole .
17	taupe the color taupe is a representation of the average color of the fur of the french mole .
54	these included strong absorption of light at the red end of the visible spectrum ( especially over continents ) which was caused by absorption by chlorophyll in photosynthesizing plants , absorption bands of molecular oxygen which is also a result of plant activity , infrared absorption bands caused by the ~ 1 micromole per mole ( µmol / mol ) of methane in earth 's atmosphere ( a gas which must be replenished by either volcanic or biological activity ) , and modulated narrowband radio wave transmissions uncharacteristic of any known natural source .
52	also , lack of unique unit names leads to a great confusion : thus '' 15 emu '' may mean either 15 abvolt , or 15 emu units of electric dipole moment , or 15 emu units of magnetic susceptibility , sometimes ( but not always ) per gram , or per mole .
46	shagrat , a giant , capybara - like rodent found in the tundras northern europe ; descended from the present-day marmot ; snowstalker , a large , white , saber-toothed mustelid from northern europe , descended from the present-day wolverine ; spink , a small , mole - like , burrowing bird found in southern north america , descended from the present-day quail .
13	in the chaos , creed panicked , killing janice hollenback , the cia mole they were attempting to rescue .
15	sad man has a puppet called '' decimole '' , as for him being a mole .
19	when the marvels go to neptune , they find holes , and think the neptunians must have been a mole - like race .
14	his first novel , duncton wood , an allegorical tale about a community of mole , was published in 1980 .
28	baranov had been recruited by the u.s. central intelligence agency ( cia ) and agreed to spy for them , but was betrayed to the russians by a mole in either the federal bureau of investigation ( fbi ) or the cia and spent five years in prison before being released .
7	150 m ( 492 ft ) long mole or jetty of stones that is still visible at low tide ( ) , an alamat or navigational landmark made of heaped stones , a strange building of unknown function that is divided into 13 long rooms , and a series of 25 to 30 storage galleries carved into limestone outcrops further inland .
17	it is not impossible , in principle , for all 6 × 10 23 atoms in a mole of a gas to spontaneously migrate to one half of a container ; it is only fantastically unlikely -- so unlikely that no macroscopic violation of the second law has ever been observed .
13	ratzi investigates another of the suicides , that of professor tope ( a mole ) , pioneer of automaton engineering .
18	sloane ultimately returned to apo as assistant director , although unknown to his colleagues he was now a mole for prophet five , a criminal organization that also pretended to be the cia in order to recruit .
4	anarchy - an anthropomorphic mole .
23	food and festivals dishes of the area include mixiote , tlacoyo with fava beans , pinto beans and requeson , cecina , green mole with chicken or pork , and pork in chile mulato but a very local specialty is tamal with capulin ( a type of cherry ) and corn .
26	double agents some people listed here are not true double agents ( as defined above ) , but rather ( single ) agents working as a mole within an intelligence organization .
16	unlike other sciurids , the groundhog 's spine is curved , more like that of a mole , and the tail is comparably shorter as well -- only about one-fourth of body length .
71	equation arrhenius ' equation gives the dependence of the rate constant of a chemical reaction on the absolute temperature ( in kelvin ) , where is the pre-exponential factor ( or simply the prefactor ) , is the activation energy , and is the universal gas constant : alternatively , the equation may be expressed as the only difference is the energy units of : the former form uses energy per mole , which is common in chemistry , while the latter form uses energy per molecule directly , which is common in physics .
14	( ) , we have thus , the product of pressure and volume per mole is proportional to the average ( translational ) molecular kinetic energy .
33	snake ( several taxa including colubrid and viper ) turtle ( four taxa including box turtle , snapping turtle , slider turtle , and painted turtle ) mammals shrew ( several taxa ) mole small weasel arctomeles dimolodontus ( prehistoric badger ) new species pristinailurus bristoli ( prehistoric red panda ) new species short-faced bear of the genus plionarctos saber-toothed cat are represented by a single part of a tooth , possibly from machairodus .
10	mastodon - giant boar - spiky giant ape - giant mole - giant tapeworm - lemming - tiny white mouse-like creatures , without tail .
15	the second season featured a team of 14 players , one of whom was the mole .
24	it is a functions of the temperature t , the volume v and the amounts of chemical components n j ( usually measured in mole ) , n is the vector with components n j .
51	although it is traditionally used with black beans for flavor and its carminative properties ( less gas ) , it is also sometimes used to flavor other traditional mexican dishes as well : it can be used to season quesadilla and sope ( especially those containing huitlacoche ) , soups , mole de olla , tamale with cheese and chile , chilaquiles , eggs and potatoes and enchilada .
27	the intelligence gathering for the operation began long before it was actually carried out ; according to one american official , colombia had managed to place a mole within the farc itself one year , if not more , before the operation .
23	karl dönitz was reputed to have claimed that '' an aircraft can no more kill a u-boat than a crow can kill a mole '' .
23	some of the enemy creatures include jellyfish , an eel - like agnathan , clown fish , clam , flying squirrel , and mole .
6	gameplay the player controls the titular mole who has to travel around a coal mine collecting pieces of coal and other miscellaneous objects while avoiding various nasties and the infamous crushers .
43	some known dishes alegría , a candy made from puffed amaranth and boiled-down honey or maguey sap , in ancient times formed into the shapes of aztec gods balché , mayan fermented honey drink champurrado , a chocolate drink chili guacamole huarache mezcal mole pejelagarto , a fish with an alligator-like head seasoned with the amashito chile and lime pozole pulque or octli , an alcoholic beverage of fermented maguey juice salsa taco tamale tepache , pineapple beer tlacoyo ( gordita ) corn tortilla pupusa , thick cornmeal flatbread from the pipil culture of el salvador xocolātl native american cuisine of south america roast guinea pig ( cuy ) ceviche cheese-filled arepa chipa , cheese bread andean cultures this currently includes recipes known from the quechua , aymara and nazca of the andes .
4	description we consider n mole of an ideal gas at pressure p i and temperature t i , confined to the left-hand side ( as drawn ) of a thermally-isolated container , that occupies a volume v i = v 0 .
8	characters in salamandastron arula arula is an anthropomorphic mole from the redwall series .
76	there are colonies of herons and cormorants ( including pygmy cormorant ) , and other species include white-tailed eagle , buzzards , eurasian sparrowhawk , common spoonbill , western marsh harrier , montagu 's harrier , red-breasted goose , ferruginous duck , osprey , wild goose , stork , heron , woodcock etc. variety of mammals include wild hog , roe deer , red fox , european brown hare , muskrat , bat , hedgehog , mole , weasel , hamster , european ground squirrel , european polecat , etc. nature reserve special nature reserve of stari begej-carska bara was proclaimed in 1955 , with status being revised in 1995 .
9	local specialties here include ningüijute , a seed-based pork mole , chispola , a beef and vegetable stew and pictes , a sweet corn tamale .
23	eventually he must solve a more complicated problem when he finds himself in a women 's prison , evading execution and a possible mole .
14	the place was defended by two batteries mounting three heavy guns each on the mole , a tower with one gun and a battery with two guns .
10	he is nicknamed topo - the spanish word for '' mole '' .
2	the word mole , according to gorin , was introduced into chemistry around 1900 by ostwald .
44	among the mammals are the wild boar , the fox ( '' òrba '' ) , the badger ( '' tasciola '' ) , the dormouse ( '' agliéri '' ) , the hedgehog , the weasel ( '' nìzzela '' ) , the mole ( '' tupanàra '' ) and others can be seen .
19	the ground cocoa is also an important ingredient in tejate and a number of savory foods , such as mole .
16	he was given the name moleman by groening , who thought the character looked like a mole .
9	the name is derived from the japanese word for mole .
6	talpa is a genus in the mole family talpidae .
16	while negotiating , the ottoman commander ordered the angora to position itself near the harbor 's mole .
20	in gager is the only harbor on the bay , used by fishing and sports boats and protected by a mole .
13	an amount of light compatible with everyday experience is the energy of one mole of photons ; its energy can be computed by multiplying the photon energy by the avogadro constant , n a ≈ .
55	use as part of folk taxonomy a common name intrinsically plays a part in a classification of objects , typically an incomplete and informal classification , in which some names are degenerate examples in that they are unique and lack reference to any other name , as is the case with say , buchu , mole , and ratel .
2	moe the mole - pops up from time to time as a segue between scenes , usually laughing at a comedic situation with a laugh similar to woody woodpecker 's , although he knows when to keep his laughter under control , especially with situations involving crocodiles .
9	one of them , however , is '' the mole '' , a double agent hired by the producers to sabotage the efforts of the group .
6	each hole contains a single plastic mole and the machinery necessary to move it up and down .
19	penetration by the kgb these successes were marred , however , by the penetration of asio by a kgb mole in the 1970s .
2	former cia mole karl koecher made unsupported claims that kalugin was responsible for koecher 's eventual arrest .
11	two aspects which feature prominently on altars in this state are mole with turkey and large wax candles .
7	however , peterson reveals himself as a mole for the defense department and tries to stop mulder from uploading the virus .
1	the mole was added as a seventh base unit in 1971 .
28	the ferries had a shallow draft , allowing them to skim over the mines floating beneath the surface , and were robust enough to approach the heavily defended mole curling into the north sea .
12	hogan eventually turned zodiac against his stablemates by revealing him as a mole .
7	dilambdodont molars are present in shrew , mole , and some insectivorous bat .
23	concern has also been expressed that the authors of the proposal had failed to address the impact of breaking the link between the mole , kilogram , the dalton ( da ) , the avogadro constant ( n a ) and avogadro 's number ( n n ) .
24	it is equivalent to the boltzmann constant , but expressed in units of energy ( i.e. the pressure-volume product ) per temperature increment per mole ( rather than energy per temperature increment per particle ) .
28	in the beginning only a part of the garden is usable , the rest is infested by weeds , stones and tree stumps , as well as to mole , which have to be removed .
14	mammals are perhaps most well known for burrowing , especially insectivora like the voracious mole , and rodent like the prolific gopher and groundhog .
9	he listed several species of the family talpidae ( mole and related species ) from vieux collonges , including '' espèce c '' ( '' species c '' ) , which he named as a new genus and species , veratalpa lugdunensiana , in a footnote .
37	plot in 1991 , hong kong police inspector wong chi-shing ( anthony wong ) meets with his informant , hon sam ( eric tsang ) , while lau kin-ming ( edison chen ) , hon 's prospective mole within the hong kong police force , assassinates hon 's triad boss , ngai kwun .
18	dundas took naiad in and anchored at 1330 that afternoon , while the belleisle was warped into the mole .
14	biography as a young student , winge was interested in small mammals , particularly mole , shrew and insectivora .
9	however , the greek learns about this through a mole in the fbi and has sobotka killed .
23	he participated in the famous raid on zeebrugge led by commodore roger keyes , cmbs being used to lay smoke screens outside the mole to cover the escape of the crews of the blockships .
11	professor moliarty ( voiced by jim cummings ) is a mush-mouthed mole who hatches schemes to take over or destroy the surface world .
9	on 1 march 1917 an fl-boat hit the nieuwpoort mole and on 28 october 1917 one hit the royal navy monitor erebus .
58	for example , sushi in mexico is often made with a variety of sauces based on mango or tamarind , and very often served with serrano - chili-blended soy sauce , or complemented with vinegar , habanero and chipotle peppers the most internationally recognized dishes include chocolate , taco , quesadilla , enchilada , burrito , tamale and mole among others .
34	an estimated 1,000 flak guns of all calibres protected the base and adding complication to the danger was the realisation that gneisenau was only about 500 yd ( 460 m ) from a harbor mole , requiring extremely accurate torpedo drops .
4	molecom is a bespectacled mole who is often found clearing up the mess left behind after flash has tried to cause havoc .
6	of course , krinkle has a mole on the inside who tells the krinkle president about the formula .
19	molestache yuri lowenthal - ben 10 : omniverse ( in '' outbreak '' ) molestache ( a play on mole and moustache ) is an orange mole-like alien with an english accent and a yellow moustache that can be used in a variety of ways that include serving as an extra set of hands .
16	his second novel , extraordinary powers ( 1994 ) was about the discovery of a soviet mole in the highest ranks of the cia .
10	in the summer of 1548 , the french observed the mole was provided with a flanker and cannon ; the english insisted it was merely to protect the workmen .
17	jpg the color taupe takes its name from the french word for this animal , the european mole .
6	thorn learns that there is a mole in the cia and that a '' nuclear pit '' has been stolen by members of procat and is being sold to a former cia asset and current punjabi gunrunner/terrorist named '' onyx '' .
34	madame xanadu retorts that she does n't need to see the future to know that the justice league will defeat him , to which he replies that he already won since he has a mole in the justice league .
0	mole , gophers , mice , rat and even shrew have similar characteristics and behavioral tendencies .
15	it was not long before a shot from terrible hit a magazine on the imperial mole , which exploded causing great damage .
8	other smallish mammals , such as shrew , mole , pika , bat and weasel , tend to be minor secondary prey , although can locally be significant for individual species .
36	while ice cream and ices are made in other parts of the state , these stand out because of the many unusual flavors offered such as beer , pulque , chile relleno , even shrimp and mole .
19	the enthalpy of sublimation , or heat of sublimation , is defined as the heat required to sublime one mole of the substance at a given combination of temperature and pressure , usually standard temperature and pressure ( stp ) .
31	among mammals , it is well-developed in the carnivore and ungulate , which must always be aware of each other , and in those that smell for their food , like mole .
10	terramole ( voiced by john leigh ) - a robotic mole monster .
16	it is defined as one kilocalorie of energy ( 1000 thermochemical gram calorie ) per one mole of substance , that is , per avogadro’s number of particles .
31	solid state synthesis in the solid state reaction method bismuth oxide ( bi 2 o 3 ) and iron oxide ( fe 2 o 3 ) in a 1 : 1 mole ratio are mixed with a mortar , or by ball milling and then fired at elevated temperatures .
11	alternatively , in chemistry , it is also referred to one mole of substance , in which case it is called the molar entropy with a unit of .
20	it is one of the dishes most commonly served during taquizas ( taco parties ) , together with tinga , mole , chicharrón , and papas con chorizo .
11	) is the faraday constant , the number of coulomb per mole of electrons : is the number of moles of electron transferred in the cell reaction or half-reaction is the reaction quotient .
23	the desman , a snouted and naked-tailed diving insectivore of the tribe desmanini , belongs to one of two eurasian species of the mole family , talpidae .
8	where the two streets meet there is a mole used by local fishing boats ( and for car parking ) .
18	left-wing circles still debate to know if he suddenly changed political orientation or if he always was a mole for the security services .
5	the synonymous bengal , a mole in the cincinnati bengals organization who calls in to provide anonymous rumors about the team using frequent malapropism .
5	when they arrive at the mole there , soldiers begin scrambling onto the boat , but michael must dive underwater to free the propeller from a corpse which has become entangled with it .
18	fox , opossum , raccoon , and bear eat waste beaver destroy trees gopher , groundhog , and mole destroy lawn feral cat and feral dog eat human food and carry disease white-tailed deer are now seen as pests in many suburb and exurban areas of the us , though not in more rural areas .
29	in one strip he turned himself into a dodo , tricking his teacher into believing that that bird was not extinct ; in another , he became a grotesque mole - like creature , burrowing under a smoke chimney and causing it to collapse .
28	at 25 ° c δ g in kj · mol − 1 = 5.708 p k a ( 1 kj · mol − 1 = 1000 joule per mole ) .
16	ten months after chan 's death lau kin-ming ( andy lau ) , hon 's former mole in the hong kong police force , has been demoted to administrative duty pending an investigation into the deaths of chan and inspector b. he falsely claims that b shot chan in the head while holding him hostage , and that he killed b in retaliation .
9	the intelligence provided by the informant reveals that a mole with access to the president 's security detail had provided information to the assassins .
38	explicit list these are the animals considered to be impure according to and : bat camel chameleon coney ( hyrax ) cormorant cuckow eagle ferret gier eagle glede great owl hare hawk heron kite lapwing little owl lizard mole mouse night hawk osprey ossifrage owl pelican pig raven snail stork swine tortoise vulture weasel frog reasons some scholars , especially secular ones , have conjectured that the jewish concept of '' unclean animals '' arose out of public health concerns by community leaders , since , in the conditions of the times , some of those animals are indeed more likely to cause food poisoning or transmit diseases to people who consume them .
8	red foxes seem to dislike the taste of mole , but will nonetheless catch them alive and present them to their kits as playthings .
22	other common dishes include soups made with local mushrooms , preserved fruits and bread made with pulque , corundas , turkey in mole , pickled nopal and a sweet bread called pan de pucha .
2	a gia mole named omar nasiri ( a pseudonym for a moroccan spy and author of ) and a police raid of a safe house discovered their plan was to crash it on paris , a plan prevented when the gign stormed the plane at marseille .
4	due to a kgb mole , the soviets anticipate kelly 's arrival and the mission is disastrously compromised .
12	topics are usually covered earlier than normal ; for example , the mole is introduced in year 1 rather than in year 3 , some kinematics in year 1 instead of year 5 , and molecular biology and genetics in year 4 instead of year 6 .
14	zizrar ( voiced by scott mcneil ) - zizrar is the king of the mole people who lives underground and often attempts to take over the world only to fail due to his intense aversion to light .
23	one of the most significant deep eutectic phenomenon was observed for a mixture of choline chloride and urea in a 1 : 2 mole ratio , respectively .
13	in chemistry , the standard molar entropy is the entropy content of one mole of substance , under standard conditions ( not standard temperature and pressure stp ) .
38	after gibbs notices footage of an unconscious ziva on the news following an explosion where she was working , it is soon revealed that vance had deliberately sent ziva back to israel in order to help uncover a mole within ncis itself .
11	the most important example of this connection is the use of mole for special occasions and holidays , particularly in the south and center regions of the country .
15	the glo friends peaceful existence is threatened constantly by the moligans , a group of mole - like creatures led by starnose .
8	the family remedey the sir remedey is a mole and one of the supporting characters in the series .
41	i , ii mammal ; ; insectivore erinaceus europaeus praeglacialis brunner ( preglaciation european hedgehog ) sorex minutus linnaeus ( eurasian pygmy shrew ) sorex runtonensis ( hinton ) pachyura etrusca ( savi ) talpa minuta freudenberg ( a genus of mole ) the skull of petralona .
22	tracking the spy ring lonsdale visited the krogers regularly at their home in ruislip in 1959 the cia received letters from a mole , codenamed sniper ( who later turned out to be michael goleniewski ) .
9	among the mammals are the dormouse , weasel , mole , badger , marten , fox and wild boar ( whose presence is resented for damage to crops ) .
14	the molar volume , symbol v m , is the volume occupied by one mole of a substance ( chemical element or chemical compound ) at a given temperature and pressure .
11	this answers better to its present condition ; for though a mole was constructed in the 15th century with the materials of the ancient amphitheatre , and another subsequently by an englishman named john smith , it still affords but little protection for shipping .
26	in physics and chemistry , the faraday constant , denoted by the symbol and named after michael faraday , is the magnitude of electric charge per mole of electron .
6	kanya , who is akkarat 's mole , discovers the new plague and sets about trying to contain it .
7	it was revealed that she was a mole in ncis who accessed joint chiefs ' strategic battle plan in the middle east .
43	the first episode of the third series of bbc 's sherlock , '' the empty hearse '' , features a '' giant rat of sumatra road '' , the codename for a villainous politician , lord moran , who is acting as a mole for north korea and plans on detonating a bomb at an abandoned london underground station called sumatra road .
37	jpg templewood house wildlife wildlife that can be seen in the locality include : birds barn owl , buzzard , wood pigeon , kingfisher , tawny owl , heron , animals rabbit , hare , hedgehog , mole , chinese water deer , red deer , muntjac deer , fallow deer , badger , pipistrelle bat , grey squirrel jubilee bridge river mun close to its source public transport bus services are provided by the following sanders coaches run between cromer and north walsham .
6	the seventh base unit , the mole , was added in 1971 by the 14th cgpm .