8	stewarts & lloyds corby a.f.c. is a football club based in corby , northamptonshire , england .
18	the band 's popularity increased when they were asked to play a two-week stint at ronnie scott 's club in london , opening for chick corea , a run that was eventually lengthened to three weeks .
8	conway was talent-spotted while playing in a london club , signed to emi 's columbia label and spent the mid-1950s providing backing for artists on their roster , including gracie fields and joan regan .
16	the european-influenced music is layered and textured with many music modalities , differing from their past club - oriented albums .
22	within minutes , a north korean guard truck crossed the bridge and approximately 20 more north korean guards disembarked carrying crowbar and club .
24	these include a coles supermarket , tavern , restaurant , general practitioner , dentist , bp service station , fire station , rugby union club , child care and several other businesses .
12	the latter would later be sampled for the 2005 dance radio and club hit '' love on my mind '' by the freemasons featuring amanda wilson .
43	the subsequent singles '' in your eyes '' , '' love at first sight '' and '' come into my world '' were successful throughout the world , and minogue established a presence in the mainstream north american market , particularly in the club scene .
24	killed in : '' ice cold killa '' jizzy b. is the biggest pimp in san fierro , the owner of the pleasure domes club and a member of the loco syndicate .
11	while at its simplest the throwing stick is just a heavy club thrown at the game , a well designed throwing stick uses the principles of an airfoil shape and gyroscopic stability ; the oldest of these dates back 200,000 years to ancient poland .
16	description tales depict the dagda as a figure of immense power , armed with a magic club and associated with a cauldron .
7	bk děčín is a czech professional basketball club based in the city of děčín .
42	the editorial column of the first issue sided clearly against fascism : luigi pirandello , for his devotion to benito mussolini , was one of becco giallo satirical target , and used to be called p. randello ( randello in italian means club ) .
5	a film society is a club where people can watch screenings of films which would otherwise not be shown in mainstream cinema .
4	there are currently 31 club and only 14 courses , compared with the hundreds which existed before .
1	the club was established on february 22 , 2008 by a small group of trek enthusiasts in chennai , india .
36	like nearly all delerium singles to date since '' silence '' , the single release put greater emphasis on a number of trance remix commissioned by nettwerk music group in order to promote the song through club play .
18	when his band dissolved , alen started playing football in jedinstvo from bihać , then a second league club .
16	animaritime is an anime and gaming convention founded by members of the mount allison university anime club .
21	before their adoption of guns , the plains indians hunted with spear , bows and arrows , and various forms of club .
4	tipstaves ( the short club after which the office is named ) on display at bedford museum history crossed tipstaffs within a wreath - rank of police assistant chief constable or commander in the uk the office of the tipstaff is thought to have been created in the 14th century .
23	he did not quit performing musically , but began to cover songs that started a career with a recurring gig at the brooklyn club , casablanca .
9	grand army of the republic hall is a historic club building located at johnstown , cambria county , pennsylvania .
21	linda now travels all over the nation and around the world for her performances making appearances in numerous casino venues , club venues and outdoor festival venues .
21	the second single was '' breathe '' , which reached number 36 on the hot 100 and became a top five club hit .
17	thornhill joined the prodigy along with keith flint after they met liam howlett at a local rave club .
19	his first single was '' i wanna lick the pussy '' ( 1994 ) , which became a regional club hit without the assistance of radio airplay .
17	logistics typically , the audience capacity for a house concert is smaller than at a coffeehouse or club .
21	she approached ades and asked him if he would be willing to transform '' i begin to wonder '' from a club song to a pop song .
19	thematically , the album 's subject matter mostly concerns self-aggrandisement , sex , social commentary , and '' the club '' .
101	a partial list of such titles includes personal title , such as lord , knight , right honourable , indicating an earned or inherited rank or position within a formal power structure ; command rank , such as captain , sergeant , etc. , indicating likewise a very specific position in a command hierarchy , e.g. police rank or military rank ; an academic degree or professional designation such as phd , p.eng or m.d. , whether this be purely honorary or symbolic , or associated with credentials attesting to specific competence , learning , or skills ; labor union and club memberships ; persons allowed access to specific areas during special events , such as concerts and shows ; citizenship , as in the case of passport and birth certificate .
2	private member club were not exempted .
4	other spelling pronunciations are club pronounced , iceberg pronounced in spain ( in american spanish , it 's pronounced ) , and folclor and folclore as translations of folklore , pronounced and .
13	the four had met in 2001 after a live show in a magdeburg club , where listing and schäfer , who knew each other from music school , watched from the audience while bill and tom kaulitz played on the stage .
5	types newsletters are published by club , churches , societies , associations , and businesses -- especially companies -- to provide information of interest to members , customers , or employees .
14	relatively unknown outside their home country , they have had international success with the club track , '' helium '' .
50	in 1807 , gibraltar merchants had founded a library in bedlam court , as they were denied membership of the garrison library , it being available only to members of the british garrison in the city ( the garrison library functioned not only as a library , but as a club , owned and run by and for military officers ; civilians were excluded , regardless of their prominence ) .
9	it is a hip hop song with influences of club music , and is backed by a looped production containing elements of synthesizer and string instrument , and a repetitive bassline .
30	kim and chae were forced to work for 14 hours a day ; if they did n't work well , they were beaten by an iron bar or an wooden club .
49	other artists who have used samples from wright 's 1975 -- 81 recordings include dilated peoples , atmosphere , infamous mobb , t.i. and armand van helden , the last of whom incorporated part of '' comin ' apart '' ( from the right place ) in his 2004 club hit '' my my my '' .