17	walter william head ( december 18 , 1877 -- may 3 , 1954 ) was an american bank and insurance executive .
58	plot amid vignettes involving a philandering husband who fakes amnesia , a child prodigy who yearns to live a normal life , an aging bachelor whose housekeeper has disappeared , and an old lady whose daughter has run away , the primary plot line focuses on brash detective butch saunders , who is assigned to find missing chicago bank therme roberts .
6	his program on the history of bank , when bankers were good , first aired on bbc two in november 2011 , and dealt with famous bankers from history , such as the rothschilds , the gurneys and the lloyds , as well as nineteenth-century philanthropists and reformers such as charles dickens and elizabeth fry .
15	the west african bankers ' association ( waba ; ) is a professional association of bank and financial services and institutions in west africa .
80	since 1995 , it has been planned that the ndp would be held there for every five years , the main venue for that major event is at marina bay floating stadium ( formerly at the old national stadium ) history in june 1819 , modern founder of singapore , thomas stamford raffles instructed the first resident of singapore , william farquhar , to reserve the whole space within the old lines and the singapore river ( i.e. the northern bank ) for public purposes .
19	society carpetbagger proposed a resolution in 2001 for another vote by nationwide members to convert the society to a bank .
8	lender : any lender , but usually a bank or other financial institution .
12	sanwa money ( hangul : 산와머니 ) is a capital money and bank company .
1	the bank is highly regarded internationally , and has received a number of awards , from organizations such as the banker , global finance , the asian banker and euromoney .
11	in addition , they were employed in the telephone department and bank .
21	economy hoddesdon high street has many shops , including fast food outlets , pubs , estate agents , charity shops , bank , travel agents , a bookshop and a library .
7	munich 's financial community consists of the bank , insurance companies , and other providers of financial services located in munich and its region .
4	the power to regulate bank was transferred to the committee on banking and commerce .
28	already in 1895 , 75 % of the national manufacturing industry was in the capital and only 28 % in the harbor , and by 1910 , major bank and shops were set up in the streets of the city center , leaving valparaiso .
6	it supervises the financial market , bank and financial transfers .
18	the suffix over - in the street names derives from the german word ufer , meaning shore or bank .
1	soviet bank furnished short-term credit to state-owned enterprises .
10	the building will serve as the new headquarters of unicredit bank .
11	this trade is thought generally to be the origin of modern bank in europe .
6	banco popolare is an italian cooperative bank , formed in 2007 from the merger of banco popolare di verona e novara ( bvpn ) and banca popolare italiana ( bpi ) .
26	real estate owned or reo is a term used in the united states to describe a class of property owned by a lender -- typically a bank , government agency , or government loan insurer -- after an unsuccessful sale at a foreclosure auction .
37	in addition to the midshipmen rooms , bancroft hall houses offices for the commandant of midshipmen , six battalion officers , six battalion chaplain , thirty company officers and their senior enlisted leaders , a barbershop , bank , travel office , a small restaurant known as '' steerage , '' textbook store , general store ( '' the midshipmen store '' ) , laundromat , uniform store , cobbler shop , the usna band , the usna branch of the united states postal service , a gym , spaces for extracurricular activities , and full medical & dental clinics as well as small optometry and orthopedics clinics .
28	it was divided in three branches : brand , specialist and infrastructure , where its main areas were the secondary sector of industry , commerce and logistics , bank , finance and insurance , telecommunications , public sector , medicine and health care , and utility .
25	former federal reserve chairman alan greenspan predicts that enactment of the fairtax would result in a large portion of those funds being transferred to u.s. bank , where they would become available to u.s. capital market , bringing down interest rate , and otherwise promoting economic growth in the united states instead of the countries where those funds are currently held .
53	employment securities analysts are generally employed in one of three capacities : sell-side analyst ( who work for a broker-dealer and indirectly for broker-dealer 's trading customers ) , buy-side analyst ( who work for institutional investors , such as hedge funds , mutual funds , pension funds , proprietary trading operations of bank and brokers , endowments , and insurance companies ) , and independent analysts , who work for firms which sell research to sell-side and/or buy-side firms , but who do not themselves engage in securities transactions .
9	singapore 's first market was located at the south bank of the singapore river .
15	from 1908 until 1918 he was in charge of a real estate department of a bank .
19	there are , however , practical guidelines in place which aim to ensure that the murâbaḥah transaction between the bank and the customer is one based on trade and not merely a financing transaction .
4	it is the only bank in the town of pontevedra negros occidental .
26	life and work early life and studies ( 1919 to 1924 ) karl-günther heimsoth was born in charlottenburg , the son of a court clerk and bank director .
21	the main shopping areas of note are the high street which includes a debenhams department store , a wilkinson store , bank , many pubs , nightclubs and restaurants .
17	in 1973 , he was arrested along with a number of fellow ira men while robbing a bank and was sentenced to five years imprisonment .
24	headquartered in rowland heights , california , with branch offices in arcadia , irvine , and san gabriel , california , this privately held bank was first established on october 13 , 2005 .
3	tienphongbank is a bank of vietnam .
4	in july 2007 the bank launched a new banking service named '' gold coins deposit account '' .
13	at other times the premises were also used as a sweet shop , bank , dentist and barber .
3	financial institutions : bank and capital markets such as stock exchanges direct unused capital to where it is needed .
10	most notable among the early growers was wealthy san francisco bank and financier tiburcio parrott , who established a vineyard that he named miravalle and built a victorian-style home that still stands on the property .
9	after that , chappelle followed the lead of a bank transaction to reach a bio-terrorist attack mastermind stephen saunders , who was holding the us government hostage with the threat of releasing a deadly virus into the general population .
1	the bank lasted until 1990 when it merged with four other savings banks in eastern norway to create sparebanken nor .
8	after he left school he worked in a bank .
11	the company 's clients are predominantly commodity producers and consumers , bank , hedge fund , asset manager , brokers , commodity trading advisors and professional traders .
66	night work night work is allowed in certain specified industries , under conditions , for male young persons , but for no other workers under eighteen , and overtime for women may never be later than 10 p.m. or before 6 a.m. sunday work is prohibited except , under conditions , for jew ; and in factories , workshops and laundries six holidays ( generally the bank holidays ) must be allowed in the year .
18	following his retirement as a player , he managed in the minor leagues , and later entered the bank field .
13	the company focuses exclusively on the financial services industry and provides services to bank , capital market , insurance , wealth and investment management , and other financial organizations .
3	) , a bank worker , and wife maria da glória vahia de barros de castro ( 17 march 1905 - aft .
5	brady 's career in the bank industry spanned 34 years .
7	nbs was one of the largest independent bank in south africa before it went through a series of mergers .
24	equity stripping , however , is conducted almost always by local agents and investors , while traditional predatory lending is carried out by large bank or national companies .
9	the is a japanese government organization responsible for overseeing bank , securities and exchange , and insurance in order to ensure the stability of the financial system of japan .
4	artsakhbank is an armenian bank with headquarters in yerevan .
29	by the 1920s he had built up a considerable fortune , owned one of the largest lemon groves in the state , and served as the director of numerous bank , trusts companies , and corporations .
12	in casefile # 21 the company 's finances were funneled through off-shore bank in the caribbean and in panama .
26	they had four children , including samuel thornton ( 1754 1838 ) a member of parliament ) , and henry thornton ( 1760 1815 ) , bank , economist and member of parliament .
4	the seat of the bank was in oslo , and was led by a board of three members , two appointed by the storting and one by the king .
14	a performance bond is a surety bond issued by an insurance company or a bank to guarantee satisfactory completion of a project by a contractor .
13	lea , however , declined this appointment , choosing instead to enter the bank and real estate businesses in an era when the speculative nature of practices in those industries was about to contribute to the great depression .
7	the following is the list of notable bank in pakistan .
20	in addition 111 churches , 50 hospital , institutions or college , 36 theatre , clubs , government offices , bank , factories , flour mills and other commercial buildings suffered destruction or damage -- a total of 30,000 buildings in all .
14	banque pour le commerce et l'industrie -- mer rouge ( bcimr ) is a bank in djibouti .
7	the kimitsu works sits on the north bank of the koito river where it empties in tokyo bay .
17	the manufacturers and stock exchange dealers will have to liquidate their stocks , which they held through bank loans , to pay off their loans .
5	they target public infrastructure , bank , tourist , police and army buildings and targets they regards as symbols of french power over corsica .
4	he opened the first bank and initiated the county 's public school system .
15	this includes : selling stock , bonds , mutual funds shares and also interest from bank deposits .
10	they featured a mini-mall , food court , arcade , bank , and other kiosk operations .
13	it is also chief regulator and a lender of last resort for the bank industry in russia .
14	the panic was followed by a five-year depression , characterized by ongoing failures of bank and financial institutions and record unemployment levels .
12	'' patent infringement suits ballard patents in 2002 , datatreasury sued 56 bank and other companies , including jpmorgan chase and first data , for infringing the ballard patent .
11	credit lyonnais headquarters in paris crédit lyonnais is a historic french bank .
1	the bank , which loans money to the player after they have a house for collateral .
8	van der hoop bankiers n.v. is a dutch bank currently in state of bankruptcy and put under supervision of court-ordered curator .
11	title 12 of the united states code outlines the role of bank and banking in the united states code .
32	located within the bernhard center is the bronco mall , a one-stop-shop for students which includes a large 24-hour computer lab , a food court and dining area , a full service bank , and one of two school bookstore .
16	some thefts were even non sequiturs based on word play , such as '' robbing the bank of the nile , '' or plays on the word '' steal '' such as '' stealing the show .
16	noonday creek park is located between hawkins store road and shallowford road , along the eastern bank of noonday creek .
17	metals-banka ( full legal name : metals-banka a.d. novi sad ) was a serbia commercial and investment bank .
3	private banking is bank , investment and other financial services provided by banks to private individuals who enjoy high levels of income or invest sizable assets .
4	banco paris is a bank in chile .
1	the bank 's it department was later dissolved in 1976 and its staff were moved to the it division of the iran social security organization ( isso ) .
5	retail banking is when a bank executes transactions directly with consumers , rather than corporations or other banks .
4	the slogan of the bank is : '' to put the area 's resources to work locally '' .
9	the definition was created to encompass more than just bank which normally provide these services to include non-bank financial institution .
9	banca popolare di lecco ( bpl ) was a bank that operated in lecco , in northern lombardy in italy between 1872 and 1993 .
6	this is a list of commercial bank in togo .
12	expressnet is an interbank network connecting the atm networks of seven major bank in the philippines .
6	some financial service companies such as bank and credit union may not charge for money orders to their clients .
40	the three-ball symbol is attributed to the medici family of florence , italy , because of its symbolic meaning of lombard , referring to the italian province of lombardy , where pawn shop banking originated under the name of lombard bank .
8	malcolm took a position with a venerable english bank , barings .
7	captain george mainwaring ( ) is the bank manager and home guard company commander portrayed by arthur lowe on the bbc television sitcom dad 's army , set in the fictional seaside town of walmington-on-sea during the second world war .
23	liquidity one possible cause of bubbles is excessive monetary liquidity in the financial system , inducing lax or inappropriate lending standards by the bank , which makes markets vulnerable to volatile asset price inflation caused by short-term , leveraged speculation .
25	former headmasters a. s. kamat v. g. bhat g.s. bhat b. g pai headmaster g. s. bhat notable alumni tonse madhav ananth pai , a bank , who received the padma bhushan in 1972 .
0	bank and building societies have branches in the town center .
9	according to its website , the cbe : regulates bank and the banking system of egypt formulates and implements egypt 's banking policy , monetary policy and credit policy , including interbank rate ; issues banknotes ; manages gold and the foreign exchange reserves of the arab republic of egypt regulates and manages egypt 's presence in the foreign exchange market ; supervises the national payments system ; manages egypt 's public and private external debt .
15	iif ( institute of international finance ) : global association of financial institution created by bank of leading industrialised countries in response to the international debt crisis of the early 1980s , which has had a prominent role in the european debt crisis environment .
12	in pvp , data was loaded by prefetching to a special register bank , bypassing the cache .
16	the business owner puts a minimum of 10 % , a conventional lender ( typically a bank ) puts up 50 % , and a so-called certified development company ( cdc ) puts up the remaining 40 % .
30	yitzhak kariv yitzhak kariv ( , born in russia , 1902 -- 1999 ) was the mayor of the israel part of jerusalem from 1952 to 1955 , and a bank .
5	when they discover paradise 's bank is light on security , bill feels the urge to rob it if he had a gun .
11	dangerous criminal haunts cedar house , was a combination tavern , bank , and , fencing operation , operated by counterfeiter philip alston in russellville , kentucky .
13	police stations and other symbols of authority ( and capitalism ) such as bank are often targets of far-leftist groups .
20	job lyman ( december 9 , 1781 -- september 10 , 1870 ) was a vermont politician , attorney and bank who served as vermont 's state auditor .
6	vittorio emanuele has worked as a bank and an aircraft salesman , and then an arms dealer .
5	raiffeisen is a swiss cooperative bank .
6	from 1933 until 2011 it prohibited bank from paying interest on demand deposit in accordance with section 11 of the glass–steagall act ( formally the banking act of 1933 ) .
20	anastomosing channels are multithreaded , but are much more stable than braided channels and commonly have thick clay and silt bank and occur at lower gradients of stream bed .
26	jean-conrad hottinguer baron jean-conrad hottinguer ( 15 february 1764 , zurich -- 12 september 1841 , castle piple , boissy-saint-léger ) was a swiss - born bank who later became a baron of the french empire .
6	this is a list of commercial bank in mauritius .
9	money can be loaded into the account from a bank , credit/debit card or via many other methods including giropay , ideal , ukash , direct e-banking or poli .
28	since 1996 , the commissioners of dobi have been : division of banking the division of banking licenses and regulates all state-chartered financial institutions , currently numbering 88 bank and 19 credit unions .
32	the 1975-90 lebanese civil war seriously damaged lebanon 's economic infrastructure , cut national output by half , and had major consequences for lebanon 's position as a middle east entrepot and bank hub .
3	key industries include bank , electronics , and ceramic .
0	bank and other financial institutions issue these bonds to satisfy regulatory demands regarding capital requirement , specifically under the basel accords .
4	the group includes a bank , insurance companies , foreign exchange bureaux , schools , radio stations , hotels and resorts .
29	mga operates guarantees for three loan programs which are intended to guarantee subsidized and unsubsidized federal stafford loan , federal plus loan , and federal consolidation loan made by bank , credit unions , savings and loan associations , insurance companies , certain federal agencies and by the michigan higher education student loan authority ( mhesla ) .
19	'' eucp the eucp was developed as a supplement to ucp due to the sense at the time that bank and corporates together with the transport and insurance industries were ready to utilise electronic commerce .
5	bankatlantic , was a us bank that operated in the state of florida until it was acquired in 2012 by bb & t corporation .
18	financial industry crisis the recession had a severe effect on financial institution such as savings and loans and bank .
14	history the mosque 's minaret was only added in 1985 situated on the southern bank of the singapore river , kampong malacca was designated for muslim by sir stamford raffles in his 1822 town plan .
9	later on he worked as a translator in a bank and as a secretary at the university of athens .
24	savings and loan industry deregulation and the late 1980s l crisis led many to change to stock ownership , or in some cases into bank .
4	its clients consist of bank , financial service providers and insurance companies .
7	p/b ratios are commonly used to compare bank , because most assets and liabilities of banks are constantly valued at market values .
5	the station building hosts a bank and an art gallery .
17	there are three high school in kauguri , a number of kindergarten , as well as a bank , insurance agency , and travel agency .
14	microprinting is one of many anti- counterfeit techniques used most often on currency and bank checks , as well as various other items of value .
28	in 1949 he succeeded his father , clemente de faria at the direction of the banco da lavouro , transforming it into one of the most successful brazilian bank , banco real , which in late 20th .
17	plot summary the scene of this novel is paris , where the branch of a well-known london bank is being audited .
8	after falling into financial problems , the funding bank forced the company to put together its operations with the neighbouring competitor o/y autokoritehdas ; this lead to foundation of o/y suomen autoteollisuus a/b .
7	tarbell built his studio perched on the bank of the piscataqua river , ambling there each morning along gardens of peonies , iris and hollyhock .
14	history to settle a cheque , it has to be presented to the drawee bank for payment .
5	with the help of several bank , the company ( now known as hochtief aktiengesellschaft für hoch - und tiefbauten vorm .
13	catching the rising tide of the booming chinese and asia economies , the bank also specializes in financing credit arrangement for import and export trades .
4	the riverbank was a bank offering banking , insurance and investment services .
5	banco falabella is a chilean bank .
15	it includes business , the former south omaha city hall , a correctional facility , bank , a post office , profession office , and specialty stores .
2	if the bank feel that a smaller project is viable and decide to lend the money at an acceptable cost of finance then the projects will go ahead ( subject to planning and other approvals ) .
23	history this institution , the founding entities of which were caja de burgos , cajacanarias and caja navarra , was incorporated as a bank by means of notarial instrument issued on 9 june 2010 .
15	direct loans are made and serviced by usda staff ; loan guarantees are made to bank or other private lenders , and grants are made directly to a person or organization .
12	in addition to government and academia , economists are also employed in bank , finance , accountancy , commerce , marketing , business administration , lobbying and non - or not-for profit organizations .
6	cruise career heald was a commodity bank for lloyd 's of london in england .
17	it is not as rich as shahr-e-now , which is the business district and has markets and bank in it .
9	other letters of credit reference might be written by bank , which would provide basic information about how long the applicant has held an account , what type of account it was , and whether or not there were any overdraft or late payments noted .
12	a financial district is the central area in some large cities where bank , insurance companies and other large corporation have head offices .
9	massena has a john deere service center , a bank , a hotel , a medical center , a tavern , a grocery store , two mechanics , a welder , a craft store and a sale barn .
32	thus , parliament alone can pass laws relating to , amongst other things , the postal service , the census , the military , navigation and shipping , fishing , currency , bank , weights and measures , bankruptcy , copyright , patent , first nations , and naturalization .
23	the hypo real estate holding ag is a holding company based in munich , germany which comprises a number of real estate financing bank .
4	in this , a bank or lending agency has a collection of accounts of varying value and risk .
13	the government has used tax payer 's money to buy shares in the bank , making them part nationalised .
9	the banking system is represented by 11 branches of bank in moldova .
25	in broadest definition , anyone who uses technical tools in finance could be called a financial engineer , for example any computer programmer in a bank or any statistician in a government economic bureau .
18	it has secured most of the american embassies in africa and the middle east and the biggest egyptian bank and all mcdonald's restaurant .
12	economy the village has a number of food stores , a slovakia bank and an insurance branch .
23	'' an alternative rescue package was formulated by may 2004 , involving a ¥ 450 billion investment in newly issued stock by u.s. bank jpmorgan chase , tokyo - based private investment fund phoenix capital and other mitsubishi group companies .
31	unlike most microcredit or person-to-person lending organizations , united prosperity does not directly lend to the micro-entrepreneur , but instead the micro-loans are used to provide a guarantee to a local bank , which lends to the micro-entrepreneur .
12	mayer amschel rothschild returns from hanover , where he was an apprentice bank , to make his fortune in his home town .
8	the trail goes east and follows the southern bank of the tar river , then at the confluence of the tar river and green mill run , turns south and follows the western edge of the tributary .
15	the temple - like portico gives the impression of entering a pantheon rather than a bank .
1	most bank have whole departments devoted to treasury management and supporting their clients ' needs in this area .
33	bb & t corporation bb & t corporation ( b ranch b anking & t rust ) , the parent company of bb & t insurance holdings , inc. , is an american bank with assets of $ 184.7 billion ( march 2014 ) , offering full-service commercial and retail banking services along with other financial services like insurance , investments , retail brokerage , mortgage , corporate finance , consumer finance , payment services , international banking , leasing and trust .
13	walter simon ( 30 april 1857 1 april 1920 ) was a german bank , councillor and philanthropist active in königsberg and tübingen .
8	after his college career , he entered the bank business , before he died from diabetes at age 31 .
16	she also helped design some of the first computer reservations system , computer data systems for bank .
10	the , abbreviated as , was one of the largest bank in the world during the latter half of the 20th century .
96	business techniques and forms of business organization employed during this time included early contract , bills of exchange , long-distance international trade , early forms of partnership ( mufawada ) such as limited partnership ( mudaraba ) , and early forms of credit , debt , profit , loss , capital ( al-mal ) , capital accumulation ( nama al-mal ) , circulating capital , capital expenditure , revenue , cheque , promissory note , trusts ( waqf ) , startup companies , savings account , transactional account , pawning , loan , exchange rate , bank , money changer , ledger , deposits , assignments , the double-entry bookkeeping system , and lawsuit .
12	aik banka ( agroindustrijsko komercijalna banka a.d. niš ) is a commercial bank based in niš , serbia .
11	banque de l'habitat 's headquarters banque de l'habitat is a state-controlled bank in tunisia .
10	the residential areas will surround a city centre that includes bank , shop , petrol station , office , eight school , playground , walking trail , two mosque , a church , a hospital , hotel , cinema and numerous other arts venues .
14	he was assigned to the standing committee on agriculture and manufactures , and on bank and banking .
21	headquartered in brooklyn , with branch offices in chinatown , manhattan and in chinatown , flushing , this privately held community bank was first established on november 15 , 1999 .
9	the overnight rate is generally the rate that large bank use to borrow and lend from one another in the overnight market .
31	an adviser may be restricted because they only advise on a specific area , for example pensions , or because they only advise on products from one company such as a bank .
12	flexi fixed deposit is a special kind of deposit scheme offered by bank in india and many countries in the world , which is a combination of demand deposit and fixed deposits .
6	this is a list of commercial bank in seychelles .
13	hometrust bancshares inc. ( ) is an asheville , north carolina - based bank holding company with 43 branches and $ 2.8 billion in assets in north and south carolina after completing a pending acquisition .
7	after leaving school he worked in the bank industry before studying for a bachelor of arts degree in archaeology at the university of durham in 1979 .
34	street sellers also lived in the old nichol , which was ideally situated just outside the city of london boundaries , a 15-minute walk from liverpool street station and a 25-minute walk from the bank , mansion house , and guildhall .
39	it consisted of three core policy initiatives : protecting industry through high tariffs ( 1861 -- 1932 ) ( changing to subsidies and reciprocity from 1932-1970s ) , government investment in infrastructure through internal improvements , and a national bank to promote the growth of productive enterprises .
32	the funds are structured in various ways , but in general they are composed of high quality , diversified fixed income portfolios that are protected against interest rate volatility by contracts from bank and insurance companies .
3	bankruptcy when seven bank filed petition to force him into bankruptcy in march 1993 , jacobs had to relinquish the orioles .
8	the major keiretsu were each centered around one bank , which lent money to the keiretsu member companies and held equity positions in the companies .
22	though as has happened with many towns of a similar size a lot of shops have given way to business such as bank , building societies and travel agents market days are tuesday and saturday .
6	this was japan 's first modern bank , established under his own guidance while still employed by the ministry of finance .
5	29west 's primary customers are bank , trading firms , and exchanges .
13	its shareholders consist of the general public and government of bahrain , and bank and investment companies in kuwait .
11	the company 's previous owners had split up , causing the bank to offer the company in the leveraged buyout .
15	it is one of the only high schools in the u.s. that has its own bank , the first tiger trust .
20	official statistics on rates bid , offered and traded are collected from about 30 participating ( appointed by cb ) bank .
9	terrabank , n.a. is a south florida - based bank established in 1985 with local small business as its self-professed target customer .
5	on the other hand , bank or lenders sell or open their assets in group for auction at a very low price compared to their market value .
8	naeemul haque is a pakistani politician and a bank who serves as the chief of staff of imran khan and a founding member of pakistan tehreek-e-insaf .
29	the financial district of a city is the specific area of either a larger cbd or downtown or separate zone and would typically house a stock exchange or several bank headquarters .
11	typical procedure as an example scenario , an employee of a bank which matches gifts decides to make a gift to his or her charity of choice .
6	the village also has a slovakia bank and insurance branch .
34	my laugh comes last book cover synopsis larry lucas is a small time worker , who is one day approached by a millionaire , farell brannigan , to assist him and start a new bank in town , which should be the safest in the world .
8	this fee may vary , depending on the bank 's policies .
27	the thyssen family has notable members , all of whom descend from friedrich thyssen , which established steel works , elevator and escalators , industrial conglomerate , bank , and art collection - thyssen ag , thyssenkrupp and thyssenkrupp marine systems .
7	with river street getting built out , bank began taking advantage of the street plan and locating on first street , previously a residential area .
11	it was founded in 1971 and was owned by of 92 bank .
22	she was born florence elizabeth chandler in mobile , alabama , the daughter of william george chandler , a partner in the bank firm of st. john powers and company , and at one time mayor of mobile .
16	the other wing of the museum is located at the empress place building on the north bank of the singapore river .
41	the riverside company is a global private equity firm focused on investing in growing small and medium-sized enterprises ( with a value of up to $ 250 million / pension funds , endowments , funds of funds , insurance companies and bank .
11	the community is named for dr. frederick terrell , a local bank president who had served as mayor of san antonio in 1901 .
35	history the select committee was established january 7 , 1842 , when representative william m. gwin of mississippi presented to the house a memorial from the president , directors , and company of the agricultural bank of mississippi in natchez , mississippi .
10	it is one of the most popular modes used by bank in islamic countries to promote riba - free transactions .
9	the station building has been reutilized by a local bank and the town 's historical society .
9	these sectors include automotive , aviation & aerospace , bank & financial services , communication , energy & utilities , food & drink , information technology , life sciences , media and sport .
3	is a trust bank in japan .
5	he became a lawyer and bank , and in 1898 became the 17th governor of iowa , serving until 1902 .
7	customers can conduct money transfers and other bank activities via mobile phone , as well as easily gain wireless internet access .
1	they bank a further # 650 from the third-round tie at newcastle united , which they lost 5 -- 0 in front of 35,000 fans .
13	he then moved back to california in 1870 with plans of starting a bank , but due to an ongoing recession was unable to find favorable conditions .
11	commerce bancorp was a cherry hill , new jersey -- based bank created in 1973 .
19	initially he worked in the lace trade , and then , moving to london in 1896 , became a bank , whilst continuing his piano studies with fanny davies and others .
28	while the country shifted toward a more market-oriented economy , the vietnamese government still continues to hold a tight rein over major state sectors , such as the bank system , state-owned enterprises and foreign trade .
5	originally this building housed a bank .
5	financial and industrial relations german bank have a much larger role in shaping the industrial sector than those in other western countries .
27	during its heyday , meadowlands was home to a number of businesses including a ford dealership ( which also carried new holland farm machinery ) , a bank , a farmer 's cooperative store , a grocery store , a commercial laundry , a cheese factory , various restaurants , a movie theater and the toivola -- meadowlands school , a k -- 12 institution .
30	in early 1914 tonchev , assisted by the german and austro-hungarian representatives in sofia , gustav michahelles and count adam tarnowski von tarnow , opened negotiations with the german disconto-gesellschaft bank .
20	the presidential decree banned the purchase of weapons and relevant materials from the dprk by government offices , enterprises , bank , organizations and individuals currently under russia 's jurisdiction .
34	the day of the press conference , john walsh stated that at the river either the men threw her into the water , or chiang attempted to escape but slipped on the icy river bank and drowned .
15	automated cash handling is the process of dispensing , counting and tracking cash in a bank , retail , check cashing , payday loan / advance , casino or other business environment through specially designed hardware and software for the purposes of loss prevention , theft deterrence and reducing management time for oversight of cash drawer ( till ) operations .
17	all adis are subject to the same prudential standards but for a corporation to use word ' bank ' , ' building society ' and ' credit union ' in its name must meet certain criteria .
11	houses built along the main road that leads to the river bank .
17	in 1976 , martin businessman and state representative larry bates , an associate of high-profile east tennessee bank jake butcher , ran against jones in the democratic primary .
4	hansel 's owner was bank joe lewis allbritton , who raced him under his lazy lane farm banner .
10	banque internationale du bénin ( b.i.b.e. ) is a national bank of benin .
24	investor lead lists are commonly used by small businesses looking to fund their or simply needing expansion capital that was not readily available by bank and traditional lending sources .
15	chiyu banking corp. chiyu banking corporation limited ( traditional chinese : 集友銀行 ) is a bank incorporated in hong kong .
29	trading between the two countries developed slowly , and the russian consulate in lisbon finally opened in 1769 , headed by joão antónio borscher , a portuguese - german bank from hamburg .
9	the classic example of a financial intermediary is a bank that consolidates deposits and uses the funds to transform them into loan .
5	this is a list of bank in africa .
1	the bank is located in asmara , the capital .
8	he promoted '' city autonomy with a central bank , laws guided by eschatological principles from scriptures , and a constitution based on the u. n. declaration of human rights .
93	according to ben gurion university 's negev center for regional development , the towns were built without an urban policy framework , business districts or industrial zones ; as harvey lithwick of the negev center for regional development explains : '' ... the major failure was a lack of an economic rationale for the towns ... '' according to lithwick , and ismael and kathleen abu saad of ben gurion university , the towns quickly became among the most deprived towns in israel , severely lacking in services such as public transport and bank .
7	uwajimaya village includes a food court , bank , restaurant , optician , beauty salon , cellular wireless store , and cosmetic shop .
8	credit unions see themselves as different from mainstream bank , with a mission to be '' community-oriented '' and '' serve people , not profit '' .
22	the use of '' banc '' in the bas 's name was indicative of the fact that the company was not a bank , and its deposits and other holdings were not insured by the federal deposit insurance corporation .
21	funding problems according to top shelf coffee owner , jordan filippidis , his company is having problems getting loans from local bank and other financial institutions despite the fact that top shelf coffee is being endorsed by the nba as well as the fact that the nba has never before endorsed a coffee company , indicating company 's potential growth .
1	the bank specializes in domestic and international trade finance services with an emphasis on export financing .
16	finances tokyo became a major financial center , home of some of the world 's major bank , financial firms , insurance companies , and the world 's largest stock exchange , the tokyo securities and stock exchange .
24	headquartered in alhambra , california , with branch offices in rowland heights , california , and alhambra , california , this privately held community bank was first established in 1979 .
11	an additional problem is that takeovers often require loans provided by bank in order to service the offer , but banks are often less willing to back a hostile bidder because of the relative lack of target information which is available to them .
22	it operates its flagship falabella department store in addition to mall plaza shopping centers , tottus hyper & supermarket , banco falabella bank , and sodimac home improvement centers .
5	industries such as oil , bank , tobacco , ( and companies like general electric ) , along with labor , formed the new deal coalition .
9	in a bpl , a group of europe based bank ( the pool ) , create a europe firm who 's sole purpose is to loan money to a us based company .
1	jpg bank plan file : plan of typical german pillbox , siegfried line .
8	the chase tower , is an office / bank building in englewood , colorado , us .
27	in more modern times , emigrants from scotland have played a leading role in the social , political and economic history of canada , being prominent in bank , labour union , and politics .
55	to date , 83 states have ratified the convention : for an updated list of countries , go to convention on cluster munitions # states parties financial institutions involved in the process of production of cluster munition according to banktrack , an international network of ngos specializing in control of financial institutions , many major bank and other financial corporations either directly financed , or provided financial services to companies producing cluster munition in 2005-2012 .
8	pan asia banking corporation is a sri lanka bank with headquarters in colombo .
1	although bank , insurance companies and other similar institutions are usually the sureties on other types of contracts ( for example , to bond a contractor who is under a contractual obligation to pay for the completion of a construction project ) such entities are reluctant to put their depositors ' or policyholders ' funds at the kind of risk involved in posting a bail bond .
11	banque de tunisie et des emirats ( bte ) is a bank in tunisia .
11	afterwards he removed to new york city where he worked in bank , ran a lottery , and became involved in local politics .
6	vsoft is a service provider to bank and financial institutions of all sizes .
24	samuel thomas hauser , a former territorial governor of the state of montana from 1885 to 1887 , had had a lengthy career in bank , mining , railroads , ranch , and smelting , but had encountered a series of financial setbacks after the panic of 1893 which had nearly ruined him financially .
9	more often , it will be borrowed from a bank , or raised by an issue of bonds .
6	a is a type of japan bank .
31	a decoupled debit card is a debit card in the us that is not issued by , and not tied to , a particular retail financial institution , such as a bank or credit union .
7	the rest was to come from a bank loan .
45	at the junction , sr 109 curves north along the pacific ocean and passes ocean city , copalis beach , griffiths-priday state park , pacific beach and moclips before entering the quinault indian reservation and taholah to end at quinault street , located on the bank of the quinault river .
34	avalon is a suburb of lower hutt in new zealand , formed as a private residential development in the 1970s on land formerly occupied by market - garden on the left ( eastern ) bank of the hutt river .
7	bmci ( acronym in ) is a bank based in morocco .
10	société générale s.a. ( socgen ) is a french multinational bank and financial service company headquartered in paris .
6	this included traders who worked at bank , hedge funds , exchange floors , proprietry trading companies , independent firms , private offices , insurance companies , asset management firms , energy firms , and other trading locales .
11	it is now heavily tourist and there are many hotel , bank and expensive shops .
15	academics , practitioners , and regulator all recognize and agree that capital is required for bank to operate smoothly because capital provides protection .
7	integra financial was a pittsburgh - based bank that was eventually acquired by national city corp . in may 1996 as one of national city 's first attempts at becoming a major powerhouse in american banking .
4	in exchange for commercial bank loans , the countries issued new bonds for the principal sum and , in some cases , unpaid interest .
10	plans to develop a 38,000-square-foot shopping center and a 3,000-square-foot bank on a piece of holly ravine farm occurred in the late 1980s by site development incorporated ( sdi ) .
19	therefore , if the owner of a $ 1,000,000 home sells that home and puts the money in a bank account , that money is still protected by the homestead exemption , so long as the homeowner has a bona fide intent to use it to purchase another home in florida entitled to the exemption within a reasonable period of time .
6	it is one of the oldest bank in india : it was founded on 26 november 1920 , well before indian independence , and opened for business on the following new year 's day .
6	this is a common setup in bank and post office .
7	operational structure nps utilizes the network of bank branches and post office to collect contributions and ensure that there is a seamless transfer of accumulations in case of change of employment and/or location of the subscriber .
15	the bubble burst on may 10 , 1837 in new york city , when every bank stopped payment in gold and silver coin .
2	a sbi bank and automated teller machine is also located in kulsari .
7	canaccord genuity group inc. is a canadian bank and financial service company that specialises in wealth management and brokerage in capital markets .
19	exchange rates for such currencies are likely to change almost constantly as quoted on financial markets , mainly by bank , around the world .
17	each enterprise is taxed for the capital they employ , and that tax is distributed to public bank , who fund expansion of existing and new industry .
33	albert spaggiari ( december 14 , 1932 -- june 8 , 1989 ) , nicknamed bert , was a french criminal chiefly known as the organizer of a break-in into a société générale bank in nice , france in 1976 .
2	overview the bank is a small , fast-growing banking institution , providing commercial banking services to individuals and small to medium sized corporate clients .
32	hôtel de salm hôtel de salm interior court the palais de la légion d'honneur ( french for '' palace of the legion of honour '' ) is a building on the left bank of the river seine in paris .
4	fellesbanken was a norwegian bank that existed between 1920 and 1985 with offices in oslo , norway .
7	the most common examples of this are bank and insurance companies .
39	ftwzs will be fully independent mega-trading hubs integrated with state-of-the-art warehouse and special storage infrastructure , container freight stations , environment friendly equipment , rail sidings for hinterland connectivity , commercial complexes for offices , independent utility stations , bank and insurance corporations added to recreational and eventual residential complex for the ftwz workforce .
10	emory coblentz was caught in the financial collapse of his bank , and was indicted ( and later acquitted ) on fraud charges .
13	repo assets are bought by creating depository institution liabilities and directed to the bank the primary dealer uses when they sell into the open market .
12	this business supplied cotton and/or textile equipment , and also ran a bank as a sideline .
4	he works as a bank manager .
28	under the law , the president would be required to impose at least two of the following sanctions : import and export ban ; lending embargo from u.s. bank ; a ban on u.s. procurement of goods and services from sanctioned companies ; and a denial of u.s export financing .
7	originally , the first floor comprised the bank lobby , but has been divvied up into an atrium and retail spaces for businesses .
46	starting from the late 1980s and early 1990s , with initial projects such as the sabancı center , yapı kredi towers , tat towers , metrocity towers and iş bankası towers , levent became a popular location for constructing new skyscraper ( mostly owned by turkish bank and conglomerates ) ; and one of the city 's major skyline clusters ( together with those of maslak and şişli on the european side ; and kozyatağı and ataşehir on the asian side of istanbul ) was formed in levent .
14	he completed preparatory studies , moved to bordentown , new jersey and engaged in bank .
53	many mid-18th-century immigrants made fortunes in ponce , like the owner of this restored coffee plantation ( hacienda buena vista ) founded in 1833 ; today it is a point of interest in the municipality some of these immigrants made considerable fortunes in coffee , corn and sugarcane harvesting , rum production , bank and finance , the importing of industrial machinery , iron foundries and other enterprises .
25	his version of the american dream is firstly , to become the american president , secondly to get to the top of an america mega bank , and thirdly to be takashi yuasa .
2	adis include bank , building societies and credit union .
18	however , despite the efforts , its it infrastructure and system are well behind modern western and regional bank .
16	the thrust of training is to impart functional knowledge of general management and specialised knowledge of bank related subjects .
25	while continuing his military career hammond lived in eugene , and worked as a deputy sheriff , real estate broker , and officer of the bank of commerce .
7	foreclosure stripping is also a problem for bank , as mortgages are unavailable on incomplete properties meaning that for resale to occur , a cash buyer is necessary .
19	'' the humorous poem of four rhyming couplets tells savvy people interested in gaining wealth to avoid investment and bank .
10	other services offered at some supermarkets may include those of bank , cafés , childcare centres/creches , photo processing , video rental , pharmacies and/or petrol station .
5	the most important mall , bank and other business of the city are located in this district .
14	benz 's gasmotoren-fabrik mannheim ( 1882 -- 1883 ) problems arose again when the bank at mannheim demanded that bertha and karl benz 's enterprise be incorporated due to the high production costs it maintained .
4	the privately owned community bank was originally established in 1967 to serve the ethnic chinese in chinatown .
5	hamilton argued that a federal bank would be beneficial to the national economy .
13	it is also tokyo 's financial district and the country 's three largest bank are headquartered there .
12	the depository institution that is a member of ach is usually a bank or other financial institution which is initiating a payment on behalf of its client .
14	these entities deal in cash , bullion and financial transactions , and include : bank and similar financial institutions such as building societies .
4	banco penta is a bank in chile .
25	other texas branches include plano , texas , richardson , texas , austin , texas and sugar land , texas , this privately held community bank was founded on november 3 , 1997 .
17	a non-bank financial institution ( nbfi ) is a financial institution that does not have a full bank license or is not supervised by a national or international banking regulatory agency .
27	capital adequacy ratio ( car ) , also known as capital to risk ( weighted ) assets ratio ( crar ) , is the ratio of a bank 's capital to its risk .
23	eli landa , born 21 march 1984 in sandnes , norway , but now living in stavanger , is a norwegian model , bank employee and teacher student at the university of stavanger who was crowned frøken norge universe 2009 ( miss norway universe 2009 ) on 28 march 2009 .
12	the corporation was granted the right of monopoly in that no other bank would be established by the federal government during its continuance .
7	notable attractions numerous full service restaurants , bank , and high fashion clothing stores .
3	this is a bank established in carmarthenshire in the 18th century as a result of the efforts of a welsh entrepreneur and businessman called john morgan .
25	charles arthur broadwater ( september 25 , 1840 may 24 , 1892 ) was a wealthy and influential montana railroad , real estate , and bank magnate .
6	ever since the glass–steagall act , bank and insurance businesses had been kept separate .
20	vadym petrovych hetman ( ; july 12 , 1935 -- april 22 , 1998 ) was a ukrainian statesman and bank .
29	( also known as reich & tang ) is an investment management firm based in new york city that provides deposit , liquidity , and cash management services to bank , broker-dealers , and institutions .
25	intermediation involves the '' matching '' of lenders with savings to borrowers who need money by an agent or third party , such as a bank .
1	the bank worker also claimed that '' everyone is angry .
1	several bank fell and some of the few manufacturing centres established in the commonwealth were closed .
9	differences from other financial institutions credit unions differ from bank and other financial institutions in that those who have accounts in the credit union are its members and owners , and they elect their board of directors in a one-person-one-vote system regardless of their amount invested .
18	alfred hayes , jr. ( july 4 , 1910 -- october 21 , 1989 ) was an american bank and an expert in international finance .
21	also , lack of funds increases development risks and decreases the likelihood of attracting capital investors or securing loans from private bank .
22	his most recent book , a world of chance argues that at one time gambling fulfilled roles performed by venture capital and bank do today , and that modern financial institutions retain a strong gambling core .
1	multiple bank branches had opened there since the discovery , and many families would move in , or , at least , pass by and spend their money as tourists , according to plans .
4	lenders , such as bank and credit card companies , use credit scores to evaluate the potential risk posed by lending money to consumers and to mitigate losses due to bad debt .
11	fortis n.v. / s.a. was a company active in insurance , bank and investment management .
9	as of september 2006 , bafin regulated approximately 2,100 bank , 700 financial services institutions , 630 insurance companies , 25 pension funds and 80 investment companies with 6,000 funds .
14	in a separate development , venetian merchants started using paper bills , instructing their bank to make payments .
4	meanwhile , competition between bank and loan sharks is getting tense and a war over money threatens to erupt .
6	he also organized the first national bank of catonsville , of which he was vice-president for 10 years , and in 1908 he was made president .
4	most large corporations and bank face this risk to some degree , as they may constantly borrow and repay loans .
2	the first bank opened in 1873 , and another one followed in 1905 .
6	they also diversified into shipbuilding , bank , insurance , warehousing , and trade .
42	main street of oakland consists mainly of historic two to four story buildings that house the main shopping in the area , such as a theatre , museum , book store , a local pharmacy , antique shop , clothing stores and bank .
6	financial institutions , which may include bank , credit unions , loan funds , and community development venture capital funds , can apply to the cdfi fund for formal certification as a cdfi .
5	these branches provide cash to bank , savings and loan , and other depository institutions ; transfer money electronically ; and clear millions of check .
3	a hospital , bank , post office , barber , tailor shop , a workshop serve the utilities for the cadets .
12	there are 14 post offices available in the area , including 12 bank .
5	banco galliano was the oldest bank in the british overseas territory of gibraltar .
26	additionally , the farm is considered a holon which is inpart connected to other holons such as the county in which the farm resides , the bank from which the farmer borrowed money , or the grain elevator where the farmer can sell goods .
19	organic matter can also enter the lotic system already in the fpom stage by wind , surface runoff , bank erosion , or groundwater .
8	banque populaire maroco centrafricaine bpmc is a major bank in the central african republic .
10	after graduation , he joined the staff of interstate national bank in kansas city but soon returned to the south plains in 1948 to work at the pitchfork .
26	as the de facto center of the german zollverein , or customs union , and later the seat of the reichsbank , berlin became germany 's bank and financial center as well .
8	of the country 's largest and most powerful bank , one in three was headed by an episcopalian .
6	bradesco is one of the biggest bank and financial services companies in brazil .
6	finance smurf creates and manages a bank to loan money to the poorer smurfs as well as to store the richer smurfs ' money , but farmer smurf does n't trust the institution and goes to bury his money in the forest , only to encounter gargamel there .
19	headquartered in san francisco , with branch offices in california , honolulu , and xiamen , this privately held bank is one of few asian american banks in the united states that has successfully expanded beyond their original communities .
30	from that time , the rrn has been replaced with receiving identification sms ( using phone owners ' information ) , public key certificate ( requiring a visit to a bank / it does n't secure because pkc is stored in user 's pc or personal device not like other countries ) , and i-pin ( internet personal identification number , register governmental site with rrn and receive as alternative number , requiring active x ) .
10	a sweep account is an account set up at a bank or other financial institution where the funds are automatically managed between a primary cash account and secondary investment accounts .
14	banco português de investimento ( bpi ) , ) is a major privately owned bank in portugal .
15	official checks are used by consumers where a payee requires a check drawn on a bank and by financial institutions to pay their own obligations .
6	chorostecki 's father worked in a bank and her mother was a french teacher .
13	citibank australia was opened in 1985 and was one of the first foreign bank to be granted a banking license in australia , besides being one of the largest international banks in the country .
13	the acceptable careers in philadelphia were medicine and law , with insurance , bank , and broker next in line on the ladder of acceptability .
26	however , some sites that use this policy do accept payments in a variety of currencies and convert funds at a lower premium compared to what bank and credit card companies would charge .
3	many north carolina bank also issued currency during this period .
39	the afdb has specific mandates from the new partnership for africa 's development ( nepad ) and other international organizations to take the lead amongst financial and development institutions in areas such as infrastructure , regional integration , and bank and financial standards in africa .
8	critics have cited its depiction of certain british bank as being succubi on the economy of iceland as '' over-the-top and defamatory .
4	finansbank is a turkish bank with headquarters in istanbul .
16	interest rates carry trade / maturity transformation for instance , the traditional income stream from commercial bank is to borrow cheap ( at the low overnight rate , i.e. , the rate at which they pay depositors ) and lend expensive ( at the long-term rate , which is usually higher than the short-term rate ) .
32	a banknote ( often known as a bill , paper money , or simply a note ) is a type of negotiable instrument known as a promissory note , made by a bank , payable to the bearer on demand .
11	until recently , the j.d. read memorial building housed entwistle 's bank , post office , and public library and it is currently home to a newly expanded post office and a travel agency .
1	the bank was first established on march 17 , 1971 .
21	right-bank ukraine ( ; ; ) is a historical name for a part of ukraine on the right ( west ) bank of the dnieper river , corresponding to the modern-day oblast of volyn , rivne , vinnytsia , zhytomyr , kirovohrad and kiev , as well as part of cherkasy and ternopil .
6	funds are provided by ngos , bank and financial institutions .
1	a bank and post office were located on the first floor and the company had its offices on the second floor .
22	with over of tunnels spread over more than , connected areas include shopping malls , apartment buildings , hotels , condominiums , bank , offices , museums , universities , seven metro stations , two commuter train stations , a regional bus terminal and the bell centre amphitheatre and arena .
24	even so , although ca ira had continued to rise in importance through the 1850s , at one point incorporating its first and only bank , by the postbellum years it had begun losing population , and shrank rapidly during the last decades of the nineteenth century .
5	banque d'hochelaga was a canadian bank based in montreal , quebec .
15	sellers of credit default swaps receive regular payments from the buyers , which are usually bank or hedge fund .
18	the municipal securities rulemaking board ( msrb ) writes investor protection rules and other rules regulating broker-dealer and bank in the united states municipal securities market , including tax-exempt and taxable municipal bond , municipal notes , and other securities issued by states , cities , and counties or their agencies to help finance public projects or for other public policy purposes .
5	banque raiffeisen is a luxembourg bank and financial service company .
1	many bank and corporation have their headquarters in vironniemi , and the sokos and stockmann department store and sanomatalo , the main office of helsingin sanomat , finland 's largest newspaper , are also found there .
28	the term comes from the fact that more walking is required ( historically , although the rise of the internet has reduced it ) to go to the bank and get cash and spend it , thus wearing out shoes more quickly .
21	in addition to practicing law deavitt was involved in several businesses , including serving on the boards of directors of several bank and local utilities and an executive of a montpelier granite manufacturing company .
6	in 1932 , when the family bank in fairlie closed , the carrs moved to lubbock just in time for carr to graduate from lubbock high school in 1936 .
17	one common misconception in the united states is that vehicles that are financed on credit through a bank or credit union are required to have '' full '' coverage in order for the financial institution to cover their losses in case of an accident .
9	it has been created to get financial features , bank - oriented specifically .
18	it is traversed by the brussels-charleroi canal , and the steelmaking forges of clabecq are situated on its bank .
7	many institutions , such as hospital , bank and , in the united states , the internal revenue service , require a power of attorney to be in writing before they will honor it , and they will usually keep an original copy for their records .
12	the province of ontario savings office ( poso ) , a government-run bank institution , was created by the ontario government in 1922 and was closed in 2003 when its assets were sold to the desjardins credit union .
1	in bank , a minimum daily balance is the minimum balance that a banking institution requires account holders to have in their accounts each day in order to waive maintenance fee .
24	should the buyer fail to pay the loan under the mortgage loan agreement , the ownership of the real estate is transferred to the bank .
5	in the late 19th century bank and other financial houses also moved into the area and established headquarters .
6	the village also has a slovakia bank and insurance branch , and a post office .
20	georgi ivanov naydenov ( born july 19 , 1927 -- october 3 , 1998 ) was a bulgaria businessman and bank who was born in the small town of strelcha , and became famous during the 1960s as the creator of the unique and successful economic experiment texim .
4	ardshininvestbank is an armenian bank with headquarters in yerevan .
10	he and his third wife are directors of the tri-state bank and trust in haughton in bossier parish .
3	these matters include bank and finance , including banks , insurance , personal savings , financial regulation , and foreign exchange reserves .
16	instead of being given to the soldier personally , this payment was deposited into his home bank account , or given to his dependents .
27	4 july - barclays open their ` no. 1 computer centre ' in drummond street , london , with an emi mainframe computer , britain 's first bank with an in-house computing center .
56	the choliseo from its southwest parking lot the northern portion of hato rey is a startling contrast between the ward of the very poor and la milla de oro ( the golden mile ) , a stretch that effectively covers only one mile but that is home to the headquarters of many large local and international bank that are one of the most important centers of puerto rico and the caribbean 's economy and some upper middle class condominiums .
15	the ministry of finance is the iraq government agency responsible for finance of iraq and bank .
25	in many countries the iso codes for the more common currencies are so well known publicly that exchange rate published in newspapers or posted in bank use only these to delineate the different currencies , instead of translated currency names or ambiguous currency symbol .
14	demanding an explanation , he learns that the rich family keeps their money in bank , the stock market , and real estate .
8	fimbank plc is a maltese specialist trade finance bank headquartered in st. julian 's .
7	he is the golf ambassador for uk bank northern rock .
13	beint kristian bentsen ( 25 july 1917 -- 2003 ) was a norwegian bank and politician for the christian democratic party .
6	these systems are often used by bank , stock exchange , telecommunication providers and other enterprises requiring extremely high uptime .
16	account aggregation is a method that involves compiling information from different accounts , which may include bank accounts , credit card accounts , investment accounts , and other consumer or business accounts , into a single place .
9	most credit cards are issued by or through local bank or credit union , but some non-bank financial institutions also offer cards directly to the public .
7	budivelnyk is owned and operated by the bank and investing company privatbank .
37	the tapiola center has a large selection of services : department store ( stockmann ) , book store ( akateeminen kirjakauppa ) , groceries ( k-supermarket , stockmann herkku ) , alko , a post office , bank ( nordea , sampo , actia , osuuspankki , ålandsbanken , handelsbanken , nooa säästöpankki and suurpohjan osuuspankki ) , photography stores , barber 's shops , and other small businesses .
25	much of heard 's business was built on customers whose financial situation meant they would not qualify for loans from traditional lenders , such as bank , credit union and general motors acceptance corporation , the financing unit of general motors .
15	the massachusetts depositors insurance fund is a deposit insurance scheme that protects depositors at massachusetts bank .
20	non-bank financial companies ( nbfcs ) are financial institution that provide banking services without meeting the legal definition of a bank , i.e. one that does not hold a banking license .
6	nedbank is one of the largest bank in south africa ; however , it is one of the newest banks to be incorporated .
10	paym ( ) is a mobile payment system provided by bank and building societies in the united kingdom .
18	sir benjamin heywood , 1st baronet frs ( 12 december 1793 11 august 1865 ) was an english bank and philanthropist .
22	they come across the tornado which nearly sucks everyone up and then traps homer and marge inside the intact building of a bank .
25	chicago and the surrounding area originally had the third-largest population of chinese american in the u.s. , after the northeast and west coast although the bank generally provides the similar kind of services catering to the local chinese community , its clients include greater portions of scientists and engineers than other overseas chinese banks , which cater more to small business owners and import -- export merchant .
7	fractional-reserve banking is the practice whereby a bank holds reserves ( to satisfy demands for withdrawals ) that are less than the amount of its customers ' deposits .
9	during the year 1990 , ronnie leibowitz robbed 21 bank branches , mostly in the tel aviv area , by using a motorcycle ( an italian moto guzzi ) to enter and escape banks , and then hiding the motorcycle in a truck readied for that purpose in advance .
13	history founded on april 9 , 1889 , bcp is peru 's oldest bank .
20	the rule targets any remittance institution defined as consumer-to-consumer transfers of low monetary value , made via money transmitters , bank or credit union , through wire transfer or automated clearing house ( ach ) transactions , to businesses as well as to individuals in foreign countries .
8	qualified lenders can be insurance companies , some bank or other corporations actively engaged in lending ( each qualifying entity is determined by the internal revenue code governing each ) .
23	itransact provides merchant accounts directly to merchants , as well as indirectly -- as a merchant account partner to various credit union , bank , network marketing companies , and other trade associations .
5	amitav ghosh is an india bank .
13	financing activities financing activities include the inflow of cash from investor such as bank and shareholder , as well as the outflow of cash to shareholders as dividend as the company generates income .
17	national trust and savings association , abbreviated nt & sa , is a designation used by national bank in the united states to denote their national charter .
5	the town has a commercial bank and insurance company and number of general and food stores .
9	when the counterpart of this debt arrangement is a bank , the debtor is more often referred to as a borrower .
16	bync is an online service that provides deals and coupons by syncing to a user 's bank and credit cards to discover the user 's favorite stores .
5	the location of global commerce bank in the south reflects one of the newest trends of chinese american and asian american population diffusion into the area other than the traditional regions settled by asian americans such as the western united states and northeastern united states .
26	founded on october 14 , 1886 , in buenos aires as banco francés del río de la plata ( ) , it is the oldest private bank in argentina .
11	that year maxwell and another man robbed the springville , utah bank , taking $ 3,000 .
6	the postbank was a large dutch bank , which went on to became part of ing group .
15	when fully realized , stp provides asset manager , broker and dealer , custodians , bank and other financial services players with tremendous benefits , including greatly shortened processing cycles , reduced settlement risk and lower operating costs .
4	banrisul is the largest bank in southern brazil and operates primarily in the state of rio grande do sul ( rs ) , with a network that serves more than 365 cities .
16	the business complex will have an entrance hall , rich with contents such as shops , bank and galleries .
4	landwirtschaftliche rentenbank is a bank that serves as a financial institution for agriculture and the food industry in germany .
13	investments are often made indirectly through intermediaries , such as pension funds , bank , brokers , and insurance companies .
15	in many countries , when a customer fills out an application for credit from a bank , store or credit card company , their information is forwarded to a credit bureau .
12	( 9 october 1833 - 25 september 1903 ) was a german bank and industrialist .
4	the role of these bank is to study the characteristics and business plans of the firm which is issuing equity and then recommend a minimum purchase price to investors .
44	notable student projects in 2014 , a 4 member team from the department of computer science and engineering developed a platform independent , secure and optimised identity service under the uidai at fino paytech used to simplify and enhance security in various institutions like bank , hospitals , hotels and insurance companies .
12	in 2005 , grupo popular decided to concentrate its operation in its bank business and sold the company to a group of very well known dominican businessman headed by mr. ernesto izquierdo , current president of the company .
4	it connects approximately 346 bank and credit union with over 194,000 atm and 1.3 million point-of-sale locations .
9	esbank ( eskişehir bankası ) was a turkish private bank .
9	when ibbl was established , it was the first bank in south-east asia to provide banking service based on shariah .
5	business and branch network the bank takes deposits , which it principally lends in the form of mortgage loans for purchase or refinance of residential , and commercial properties , and for construction or renovation of commercial properties and residential housing developments .
15	production designers decorated the facades of '' main street '' with a western saloon , bank , chapel and a cantina .
5	faced with resistance from many bank which insisted that families vacate their homes in order to have their short sales approved , ahp changed their strategy in early 2011 .
23	from then it remained a '' free form '' financial association until in 1984 it was converted into a cooperative owned mostly by bank , trader , other companies and associations .
5	webank is an italian online bank owned by banca popolare di milano .
29	companies take various forms such as : voluntary association which may nonprofit organization a group of soldiers business entities with an aim of gaining a profit financial entities and bank a company or association of persons can be created at law as legal person so that the company in itself can accept limited liability for civil responsibility and taxation incurred as members perform ( or fail ) to discharge their duty within the publicly declared '' birth certificate '' or published policy .
10	he was assigned to the standing committee on finance , bank and insurance .
14	the power station is located immediately downstream of the dam , on the left bank .
1	this bank was operating in pembrokeshire , in wales during the early 19th century .
22	the most traditional and familiar forms of external financing is to seek capital from venture capital firms , angel investors or even bank .
28	the seven-story brick and terra cotta '' congress-wabash building '' was commissioned by ferdinand w. peck , jr. , a real estate developer , and initially housed a bank , offices , and recreation rooms that included dozens of pool tables .
4	banking sector china 's bank system is highly regulated with six major banks , each having specific tasks and duties .
20	in addition to supporting a community of high-net worth individuals , minerva undertakes investment readiness consultancy and raises finance from bank and venture capital funds .
9	oswald was working as a limousine driver for a bank , but is quickly fired for flirting with the daughter of his employer .
1	all bank had to undergo a federal inspection to deem if they were stable enough to re-open .
11	they are used by companies with large mail programs such as bank and direct mail companies .
19	as an economist , he was of the classical school , and his main interest was in money and bank .
6	the constituency is composed of all bank and deposit-taking companies .
19	heredia has authored over 80 articles in specialized journals and half a dozen book chapters on economics , multilateral bank , foreign policy , international cooperation , international relations of subnational governments , migration , north american integration and mexico-china bilateral relations .
21	typical customers are companies which are professionally involved in cash handling and transportation either contracted or intern ( cit companies , bank , security companies ) retail cash protection retail cash protection systems protect cash inside banknote deposit machines and during storage against physical attacks and theft .
27	attracting startup funding to finance the development of prototypes and new products ; this may involve acquiring financial resources from venture capital firms , angel investors , bank , or other providers of early-stage financial capital .
5	this is a list of bank in ethiopia .
15	they contain ship parts shops , hotel , gun shops , restaurant / bar and bank .
33	upon passing in a non-stop lane at a toll , a dsrc tag attached to the vehicle 's windshield transmits its identifier and the toll amount is debited directly from the client 's bank account .
0	bank also reduce their costs as there is less manual effort involved in using an ecn for trading .
6	services eighty percent of all commercial bank and credit unions in the united states use chexsystems as a step in the consumer checking or savings account application process .
9	commercial the commercial facilities includes a post office , bank , jewelry , electronic goods and apparel shops and restaurants .
24	headquartered in buena park , california , with branch offices in silver lake , los angeles and monterey park , this privately held community bank was first established on december 18 , 1973 .
50	although traditionally banks have insisted on a wide range of covenants that allow them to intervene if the financial position of the borrower or the value of underlying assets deteriorates , around 2006 the increasing strength of private equity firms and the decreasing opportunities for traditional corporate loans made by bank fueled something of a '' race to the bottom '' , with syndicates of banks competing with each other to offer ever less invasive terms to borrowers in relation to leveraged buy-out .
9	mostly it is placed at a financial institution or bank , and taken/placed via repo market .
15	history over the past several decades ( leading up to 2005 ) , organizations ( bank , governments , schools , manufacturers and others ) have increased their reliance more on '' open systems '' and less on '' closed systems '' .
24	breitenbach has a supermarket , a druggist 's ( drogeriemarkt ) , a pharmacy ( apotheke ) , several hairdresser 's shops , two bank branches , a butcher 's shop , several restaurant / tavern , a carpentry shop , an eyeglass shop , an automotive spare parts dealership , several auto mechanic and one physiotherapist with a ﬁtness studio .
12	almost all of the major commercial international and local , and government bank in the philippines operate a branch in the city .
15	use of efaktura require the customer to use an online banking system from a norwegian bank .
18	kredobank office in simferopol pjsc '' kredobank '' ( ukrainian : пат '' кредобанк '' ) is the bank with the largest polish investment in banking institution in ukraine .
4	koçbank was a turkish bank .
43	these queues typically are found at doctor ' offices , hospital , town hall , social security offices , labor exchange , the department of motor vehicles , the department of immigration , free internet access in the state or council libraries , bank or post office and call centres .
26	it started in 1968 as the '' inter-bank computer bureau , '' intended to improve the existing clearing system by using electronic transfer of funds between bank , avoiding the need for paper documents .
14	actually existing liquidity constraints are mainly due to risk-based behavior by lenders such as bank .
6	the existence of usury capital , bank capital , rentier capital and merchant capital historically precedes capitalist industry .
15	banking business process outsourcing or banking bpo is a highly specialized sourcing strategy used by bank and lending institutions to support the business acquisition and account servicing activities associated with the customer lending lifecycle .
43	macella - the word traces its origins back to the ancient roman empire , where moneylenders would set up their stalls in the middle of enclosed courtyards called macella on a long bench called a bancu , from which the words banco and bank are derived .
4	it was the first bank to be established in nigeria without government or foreign support .
34	eternal university exists in a campus containing a university , a number of professional colleges , an international akal academy , a multi-specialty charitable hospital , a gurudwara , a post office , a bank , and a fuel station .
7	hoole has branches of four high street bank with cash machine facilities .
1	the bank functions as a regulated financial institution , insured and for-profit just like other banks , but provides commercial banking services to underserved bay area businesses , nonprofits and individuals .
47	recent developments include an expansion of west 41st street into four lanes between south 57th w. avenue to sh-97 in prattville , oklahoma ( sand springs ) , and construction of several new commercial buildings including a tulsa community college campus , national guard facility , a bank , and a carwash .
10	using forward contracts enables arbitrageurs such as individual investors or bank to make use of the forward premium ( or discount ) to earn a riskless profit from discrepancies between two countries ' interest rates .
9	the city-owned arena sold naming rights to dutch cooperative bank rabobank to be effective february 14 , 2005 , lasting through 2015 .
14	in the private sector , parry is a founding member and chairman of the bank of nevis mutual fund .
12	a pay car was an official railway car operated as a mobile bank to disburse cash wages to railway employees .
4	he would become a bank .
21	acette provides technology strategy consulting services , enterprise application integration services , information technology enabled services and value-added reseller services to bank and other financial services companies , industrial companies , trading houses and government organizations in asia , and africa .
35	'' however , the quality of the waves changes seasonally and from year to year , as the sand and stones that make up the beach are chronically withdrawn by the sea to form a bank where the waves break .
7	the real estate companies , banding with bank and governments , taking advantage of people 's rigid demand for housing , speculate on real estate market and harvest a large amount of wealth .
5	gjensidige nor was a norwegian bank and insurance company that was in existence between 1999 and 2003 .
7	ownership is in the hand of brazilian bank and holding companies .
39	there can also be non-political governors : high-ranking officials in private or similar governance such as commercial and non-profit management , styled governor ( s ) , who simply govern an institution , such as a corporation or a bank .
46	in 1774 he returned to vienna , married caecilie ( zipperche ) itzig ( 1760 -- 1836 ) , a daughter of daniel itzig of berlin , and joined in partnership and entered the business of his brother-in-law nathan arnstein , with whom he established the bank - house of arnstein and eskeles , which came into great prominence during the congress of vienna .
10	salomon mayer von rothschild s m von rothschild was a bank enterprise established in 1820 in vienna , austria-hungary by salomon mayer rothschild , the founder of the rothschild banking family of austria and a member of the mayer amschel rothschild family of frankfurt , germany .
11	the bridge was repeatedly extended in this manner until the opposite bank was reached .
17	diatome ( 1962 -- 1985 ) was a british-bred thoroughbred racehorse owned and bred by the french bank , baron guy de rothschild .
5	it has more than 100 bank and affiliates and well-developed futures and stock exchange .
9	robert moody ( 1838 -- 1915 ) , a bank , ranch , and academy trustee , built the moody hotel downtown to reflect on the future of the community .
27	life born on december 1 , 1925 in la cumbre , colombia , graham was the son of a canadian - born father who was an international bank , and a peruvian mother .
11	he was thus the first recipient of cash credit from a bank in the world .
17	'' career 1995 holocaust lawsuits against swiss banks in the 1995 , fagan filed lawsuits against swiss bank which had refused to repay money that belonged to holocaust victims .
5	this is a list of bank in japan .
5	this is a list of bank in sri lanka .
8	'' before the statute was passed , many bank and other multinational corporations operated in japan as foreign entities in order to avoid japanese regulations requiring banking and securities businesses to be separated by chinese wall .
6	banking a drive-through shared by a bank and a coffee shop .
13	throughout its history , in addition to shops the grand bazaar has contained bank and financiers , mosque and guest houses .
20	two types of capital are measured : tier one capital ( above ) , which can absorb losses without a bank being required to cease trading , and tier two capital ( above ) , which can absorb losses in the event of a winding-up and so provides a lesser degree of protection to depositors .
21	assets held in such a manner are typically owned by larger institutional firms with a considerable amount of investments such as bank , insurance companies , mutual funds , hedge fund and pension fund .
10	he built a school , a stone church , a bank , a carpet factory , a baker 's shop in kulakovo .
51	bancnet deploys credit authorization terminals with requisite supplies , provides store signage ( or point of sale display ) , maintains toll free connections for provincial merchants ( pldt , innove ( globe telecom ) and digitel ) and performs actual transactions settlement ( finance ) ( through the bn depository bank ) .
17	the syndicated loan market is the dominant way for corporations in the u.s. and europe to top bank and other institutional financial capital providers for loans .
6	geography erhai , viewed from its bank erhai is situated at above sea level .
27	they have also testified that family members , including the grandmother , regularly kept unusually large amounts of money in their homes due to their mistrust of bank .
11	this settlement has an air strip , railroad connections , a bank , hospital service and electrical connections .
25	woodville now is home to a grocery store , three restaurants , two variety stores , a post office , one gas station , a bank , a curling rink and arena , two baseball diamond and a newer school , first built in 1923 .
43	branch intelligence unit - provides intelligence for the serious and organised crime group flying squad - investigates robberies ( whether armed or not ) of cash in transit companies , building societies , betting offices , post offices , jeweller , casino and bank .
15	by the mid-20th century it had an international presence , and was ranked the fifth-largest bank in the united states and third-largest in california in terms of deposits .
14	during the 103rd general assembly , he was a member of the utilities and bank subcommittee .
15	at this time the organization was laundering money at global scale , mainly through british bank hsbc .
23	real time gross settlement systems ( rtgs ) are specialist funds transfer systems where transfer of money or securities takes place from one bank to another on a '' real time '' and on '' gross '' basis .
10	workers required to wear a uniform include retailer workers , bank and post office workers , public security and health care workers , blue collar employees , personal trainer in health clubs , instructors in summer camp , lifeguard , janitor , public transit employees , towing and truck drivers , airline employees and holiday operators , and bar , restaurant and hotel employees .
10	headquartered in doraville , georgia , this privately held community bank was established on august 18 , 1995 .
19	it consists of two buildings , the former hicks-cobb general store and the w.w. cole building , a combination bank , drugstore , gasoline station ( with rusty pumps still standing ) , and post office .
17	this technical document is of significant interest to mobile network operator , application service providers such as bank , mobile payment , mobile tv , and trusted service managers .
7	a teller is an employee of a bank who deals directly with most customers .
4	most transfer agents are bank or trust companies , but sometimes a company acts as its own transfer agent .
1	the bank , insurance , teaching and library professions are cited as more commonly using job sharing .
14	the company serves varied industry sectors , including government/public sector , educational institutions , bank , multinational corporation and other commercial organizations .
1	commercial bank , credit non-bank organizations , leasing companies often act as a lessor .
11	souter 's father was a banker with the new hampshire savings bank in concord .
20	the latest time for the exchange of files on any working day is 4 p.m. local time of the receiving bank for next-day execution .
13	sungei serangoon , with rivervale neighborhood of sengkang new town on its west bank in the background .
26	anemone canadensis ( canada anemone , round-headed anemone , meadow anemone , crowfoot ) is a herbaceous perennial native to moist meadow , thicket , stream bank , and lake shore in north america , spreading rapidly by underground rhizome , valued for its white flower .
9	he was also a director of the former guaranty bank and trust company in alexandria .
15	the nebraska bankers association ( the nba ) is a professional trade association for nebraska bank and savings and loan institutions .
1	the bank was created as a merger between sparebanken abc and four other regional savings banks .
10	buildings include a lawyer 's home , blacksmith shop , bank and insurance office , barber shop , inn and stagecoach stop , church , carpenter / cooper shop , carriage house , general store , hardware store , school , printshop , cabin , sawmill , and the hastings township hall .
24	the expression card schemes refers mainly to visa , mastercard and rupay , as the owners of the payment scheme , into which a bank or any other eligible financial institution can become a member .
15	the flagship of esfg is the banco espírito santo ( bes ) , a full-service bank based in lisbon .
16	it is predominantly a working class city suburb with shop , restaurant , internet cafe , bank , several gas station and a post office .
24	later goi disinvested 16.92 % of the paid up capital in favor of unit trust of india , mutual fund , insurance companies and bank on 19 may 1992 , thereby reducing its holding to 67.7 % .
24	it has a public hospital ( anselmo gamen hospital ) and several minor public healthcare centers , a number of sport clubs , five bank , and two fm radio station .
9	citizens financial group , inc. is a british-owned american bank headquartered in providence , rhode island , which operates in the states of connecticut , delaware , illinois , massachusetts , michigan , new hampshire , new jersey , new york , ohio , pennsylvania , rhode island and vermont .
22	the banco do brasil headquarters in brasília , brazil banco do brasil s.a. ( ) is the largest brazil and latin america bank by asset , and the third by market value .
13	banque internationale arabe de tunisie ( biat ) is the largest private sector bank in tunisia .
7	another type of broker would be a bank or credit union that may have a deal set up with either a full-service or discount broker .
13	strategic information technology ltd. ( sit ) develops and sells banking software to bank , trust companies , credit union , building societies , manufacturer and franchisor .
24	compradors held important positions in southern china buying and selling tea , silk , cotton and yarn for foreign corporations and working in foreign-owned bank .
25	good fortune was not to last , however ; the town 's heyday came in the middle of the 1850s , when it incorporated a bank .
15	banking privatbank , the core of the group , is one of the largest commercial bank of ukraine .
27	both works have major characters who work in finance : marshall 's protagonist is an accountant while némirovsky 's work has several characters who work for a bank .
4	financial agencies such as bank and credit bureaus are starting to require verification of data that identity thieves can not easily obtain .
18	wild orangutans near bukit lawang jungle near bukit lawang bukit lawang is a small tourist village at the bank of bahorok river in north sumatra province of indonesia .
11	the company is headquartered in harlem , new york . the bank takes deposits , which it principally lends in the form of mortgage loans for purchase or refinance of residential and commercial properties , and for construction or renovation of commercial properties and residential housing developments .
29	city of burbank the town grew steadily , weathering the drought and depression that hit los angeles in the 1890s and in 20 years , the community had a bank , newspaper , high school and a thriving business district with a hardware store , livery stable , dry goods store , general store , and bicycle repair shop .
9	her father was an officer of the former bossier bank and trust company , an institution organized during the 1920s by her grandfather , w.a. gandy .
12	according to 2013 year end figures , it is the second biggest bank group in chile by total assets , behind banco santander-chile and ahead of bbva chile and has a market share of 19 % in terms of loans .
12	he was the chairman of the board of directors of planter 's bank and trust company .
17	following defeat of the moderate party in the 1994 general election , borg worked in the private bank sector .
14	the trading room is meant to resemble spaces that can be found usually at bank and brokerage houses .
18	the secretary of state registers a variety of business associations , including corporation , assumed business names , bank , insurance companies , limited liability companies , limited liability partnership , and limited partnership .
37	, uba uganda 's total assets were valued at about us$ 50 million ( ugx : 122 billion ) , with shareholders ' equity of about us$ 17.1 million ( ngn : 2.72 billion ) history the bank commenced operations in may 2008 , starting with the opening of the main branch on jinja road , in kampala , uganda 's capital and largest city .
4	there are also multiple bank and atms .
49	headquartered in los angeles , with branch offices in arcadia , alhambra , century city , los angeles , california , diamond bar , california , city of industry , california , anaheim , pico rivera , california , irvine and torrance , california , this publicly held community bank was first established on december 23 , 1991 .
13	methodology stock speculators and investors usually need a stock broker such as a bank or a brokerage firm to access the stock market .
6	in the background is the former bank now the home to a nursery school bush hill park was farmland that was part of an estate centred on bush hill park house , a country house .
11	) he was assigned to the standing committee on insurance , bank and banking , and the joint committee on claims .
4	his father was a bank who served as president of the bryn mawr trust company .
15	homeguard v kiwi packaging ( 1981 ) 2 nzlr 322 is often cited regarding the bank of cheque tendered as full settlement of disputed accounts .
15	the original building survives to this day , but was recently made redundant as a bank and is now a subway fast food restaurant .
39	headquartered in the puente hills mall in industry , california , with branch offices in alhambra , california , tustin , california , rosemead , california , cupertino , california , and arcadia , california this privately held community bank was first established on may 3 , 1995 .
8	the wells fargo building is an office / bank building in englewood , colorado .
7	föreningsbanken was a rural and agriculturally-focused swedish bank , with branches all over sweden , which merged with sparbanken in 1997 to create föreningssparbanken .
27	the fédération bancaire française ( french : french banking federation ) ( fbf ) is the professional body representing over 430 commercial , cooperative , and mutual bank operating in france and includes both french and foreign-based organizations .
28	career and marriage after he had completed his studies at the polytechnische schule karlsruhe and a commercial school at antwerp he like his brother joseph thyssen joined the bank of his father friedrich thyssen .
14	franco bernabè franco bernabè ( born september 18 , 1948 ) is an italian bank and manager , formerly the chairman of the board and chief executive officer of telecom italia , appointed on december 3 , 2007 .
8	gazprombank ( transnistria ) is a large transnistria bank with headquarters in tiraspol .
4	; banking the only bank in the town is the banco de occidente .
7	it had identified itself as a modern bank offering banking services via the internet , telephone , free-of-charge personalized sms 's , wap , and a network of branches .
21	in some countries , like switzerland and liechtenstein , bullion bars can be bought or sold over the counter at major bank .
6	the following is a list of bank in iceland .
12	cross exchange rate discrepancies triangular arbitrage opportunities may only exist when a bank 's quoted exchange rate is not equal to the market 's implicit cross exchange rate .
7	online banking vast majority of ukraine 's bank offer online banking ( usually free of charge ) .
36	there is little intervention in the market by the state or state funded entities and virtually all borrowing is funded by either mutual organizations ( building societies and credit unions ) or proprietary lenders ( typically bank ) .
17	the fugger family ( ) is a german family that was a historically prominent group of european bank , members of the fifteenth and sixteenth-century mercantile patriciate of augsburg , international mercantile bankers , and venture capitalists .
3	a lot of bank have branches in kozani .
8	a net settlement is the process by which bank calculate the collective total of all transactions on any given day .
14	uses a range of professional market participants is active in the bullion markets : bank , fabricators , refiners and vault operators or transport companies as well as broker .
10	unavailable funds fee is a penalty fee applied by a bank on a transaction account when a transaction is posted to an account that has negative available balance even though it has a positive physical balance .
81	in 1874 he was elected to the state senate from the 21st district ( marathon , oconto , shawano and waupaca counties and parts of outagamie county ) as a liberal democratic/reform candidate , with 4693 votes to 3968 for stalwart republican elisha l. bump , for a two-year term ; he was assigned to the committees on the judiciary and on federal relations in the first year , moving in the next session from federal relations to the committees on bank and banking , and on privileges and elections .
8	komerční banka ( kb ) is a major bank in the czech republic .
36	examples some examples of passive income are : any type of property income earnings from a business that does not require direct involvement from the owner or merchant ; rent from property ; interest from a bank account royalties from publishing a book or from licensing a patent or other form of intellectual property , such as computer software product ; earnings from internet advertisements on websites ; dividend and interest income from owning securities , such as stock and bonds , is usually referred to as portfolio income , which may or may not be considered a form of passive income .
44	the certificate of deposit account registry service ( cdars ) , is a us for-profit service that breaks up large deposits ( from individuals , companies , nonprofits , public funds , etc. ) and places them across a network of more than 3000 bank and savings association around the united states .
9	although it is often viewed as a tool for bank and financial institution , the master agreement is widely used by a wide variety of counterparties .
7	safe deposit boxes are generally located in bank , post office or other institutions .
7	a merchant account is a type of bank account that allows businesses to accept payments by payment card , typically debit or credit card .
12	investment and banking the united states leads north america in investment and bank .
35	it also contained a summer garden , winter garden and roof garden , an enormous restaurant and several smaller eating areas , its own laundry , a theater and concert booking office , its own bank , whose strongrooms were underground at the eastern end of the building ( and generated their own history decades later ) , and a large fleet of private delivery vehicles .
6	la banque postale is a french bank created on 1 january , 2006 as a subsidiary of la poste , the national postal service .
23	opponents argue that since a maximum liquid wealth policy makes no allowance for individual savings , it therefore assumes the non-importance of a bank and the loan that banks provide .
11	he struggled to be given permission to miss work from his bank job to play in matches so was not played as often as he could have been .
13	an example can be : '' the two gangster conspired to rob the bank down the street '' .
14	banque nationale agricole 's headquarters banque nationale agricole ( bna ) is a state-controlled bank in tunisia .
6	this sets a framework on how bank and depository institution must calculate their capital .
0	bank ) is a kibbutz in northern israel .
0	bank , telephone service companies , internet service providers , pay tv companies , insurance firms , and alarm monitoring services , often use customer attrition analysis and customer attrition rates as one of their key business metrics ( along with cash flow , ebitda , etc. ) because the cost of retaining an existing customer is far less than acquiring a new one .
22	'' aims the institute is dedicated to monetary reform and advocates taking control of the monetary system out of the hands of bank and placing it into the hands of the us treasury .
14	the banking department is responsible for regulating oklahoma 's banking system , including state-chartered bank , credit unions , savings and loan associations , and trust companies , as well as cemeteries and money order companies .
11	this ` l-shaped street was formerly the center of the north-west bank industry , it hosts five grade ii listed buildings and is part of the upper king street conservation area .
31	the action takes the stranger through several locations , including a saloon , where a man named one-eyed jack holds the keys to the prison cell holding the sheriff , a bank in the middle of a robbery , a corral and a jail .
11	she is assisted by seven other manager in supervising the day-to-day bank activities .
27	1147 , title viii of the housing and community development act of 1977 , et seq. ) is a united states federal law designed to encourage commercial bank and savings associations to help meet the needs of borrowers in all segments of their communities , including low - and moderate-income neighborhoods .
3	it had two bank , three cotton gin , and by 1912 had an electric plant , two hotel and an opera house .
27	emma wiik ( josephine bornebusch ) , is an intelligent , loving , and fun girl who moves back home to sweden to start working at a bank after many years in new york .
28	some gidc estates also have low-cost housing for workers and executives of tenant businesses , and many of the larger estates include amenities and commercial facilities such as bank , shopping complex , school , dispensaries , telecommunications centers , police station , and community hall .
9	banca intesa banca intesa s.p.a. is a major italian bank based in milan .
10	among these is '' rishengchang , '' considered the first bank in china .
31	in addition to the fire station , the building housed a police station on whitworth street , an ambulance station on minshull street south , a branch of william deacon 's bank at the corner of london road and fairfield street , ( a coroner 's court , and a gas-meter testing station on london road .
1	the bank that it once housed was opened in 1906 and operated until october 1932 , when it was forced to close during the great depression .
15	an is one that recognizes both the market potential and the development opportunities of providing bank and financial services to the poorer communities .
15	baker 's doctor can find no cure , so baker decides he will call his bank for the million dollars .
13	banco de la república oriental del uruguay ( brou ) is a state-owned bank in uruguay .
7	meaning of insolvency most insurance companies and bank would be insolvent if all policy and account holders required payments all at once .
19	wachovia corporation the area is the namesake and birthplace of wachovia corporation , one of the world 's largest bank .
9	bilateral netting is a legally enforceable arrangement between a bank and a counterparty that creates a single legal obligation covering all included individual contract .
26	the street also became ottawa 's commercial hub in the late 19th and early 20th centuries and was home to a number of the city 's bank and the lumber companies of the ottawa valley , as well as '' the best shops , hotels , dining rooms , and theaters .
48	second term in the assembly he was elected again in 1864 as a national union candidate , to a district which now encompassed clark and jackson counties , succeeding calvin r. johnson ( also a national union candidate ) , and was assigned to the standing committee on bank and banking , and on school and university lands .
8	this building was for years the headquarters of bank , unibanco it was transferred to another building in the avenida marginal pinheiros at the bridge eusébio matoso in pine neighborhood of pine which is installed today .
75	tune has a population of 5,101 ( 1 january 2014 ) and is mainly residential with mostly single-family detached home , but there are also small commercial and industrial areas with 2 schools , ( 1 from 0-5th grade , and the other 0-9th grade ) , a tiny mall with a public library , two supermarket , a couple of clothshops , 2 real estate agents , a restaurant and two pizzeria , a bank and other shops .
20	he joined his father 's banking firm , sons , in 1880 and two years later had ownership of the bank transferred to him .
20	headquartered in industry , california , with a branch office in san gabriel , california , this privately held community bank was established on october 6 , 2003 .
17	the capital adequacy directive was a europe directive that aimed to establish uniform capital requirement for both bank firms and non-bank securities firms first issued in 1993 and revised in 1998 .
1	many bank and broker provide research to the investment community , however this form of research suffers from a real or perceived lack of objectivity .
12	he was a member of the board of directors of the mansfield bank and trust company .
11	registration and payment registration can be made for payment through local bank or the hongkong post .
3	under this mode bank may supply implements / equipment / goods on rental basis .
9	the company was the only one apart from the bank that was licensed to conduct currency exchange in sweden .
25	the underdog hero : the most common hero of canadian literature , an ordinary person who must overcome challenges from a large corporation , a bank , a rich tycoon , a government , a natural disaster , and so on .
28	the house of trade the house of trade includes centres for trademark agents , institutes of higher finance and banking , insurance companies , and islamic and international bank .
8	in 2004 victor remsha bought joint stock commercial bank megawatt-bank .
19	philip merrill ( april 28 , 1934 -- 10 june 2006 ) was an american diplomat , publisher , bank , and philanthropist career born philip merrill levine , he was a graduate of cornell university and harvard business school .
1	the bank is located at sharada sadan , kamaladi , kathmandu , the heart of financial sector of the country .
28	the united states senate committee on banking , housing , and urban affairs ( formerly the committee on banking and currency ) has jurisdiction over matters related to bank and banking , price controls , deposit insurance , export promotion and controls , federal monetary policy , financial aid to commerce and industry , issuance of redemption of notes , currency and coinage , public and private housing , urban development and mass transit , and government contracts .
17	the player has to navigate through his apartment , a high-rent district , outside and inside the bank , the local park , inside the local prison ( complete with enemies wearing stereotypical striped prison uniforms ) , and finally through a ritzy nightclub to fight his evil arch nemesis , dorian ( who is also wearing the mask ) .
45	in kautsky 's view , the only one way in which capitalists would be able to maintain the basic system , while avoiding this stagnation , would be for the wealthiest nations to form a '' cartel '' , in the same manner as which bank had co-operated , agreeing to limit their competition and renounce their arms race , in order to maintain their export markets and their systems of superexploitation .
25	the company is focused on product strategy and has developed projects to companies belonging to various industry sectors ( airlines , public transport operators , bank , telecommunication providers , medical companies , home appliances manufacturers and others ) .
50	euribor-12m ( red ) , 3m ( blue ) , 1w ( green ) value between years 1998 and 2014 the euro interbank offered rate ( euribor ) is a daily reference rate , published by the european banking federation , based on the averaged interest rate at which eurozone bank offer to lend unsecured funds to other banks in the euro wholesale money market ( or interbank market ) .
19	placements graduates from this university are appointed as agriculture scientists , agriculture officers in state and central governments , bank and other financial institutions such as insurance companies .
9	military administrative regions , the divisions of some major bank , and civilian aviation districts are still divided in the same form as the greater administrative areas .
13	in the early 11th century , the song dynasty government authorised sixteen private bank to issue notes of exchange in sichuan , but in 1023 the government commandeered this enterprise and set up an agency to supervise the manufacture of banknotes there .
27	in 2003 , the government canceled a law that criminalized private sector use of foreign currencies , and in 2005 it issued legislation that allowed licensed private bank to sell specific amounts of foreign currency to syrian citizens under certain circumstances and to the private sector to finance imports .
16	sir philip william wilkinson ( 8 may 1927 -- 23 august 2007 ) was a british bank .
7	banks and companies gamboa claimed to own bank , gold mining companies , biodiesel plantations and refineries , and other companies in the united states , the philippines , and around the world , which the united states securities and exchange commission ( sec ) called empty shells in 2009 .
12	indymac , a contraction of independent national mortgage corporation was an american bank based in california that failed in 2008 and was seized by the united states federal deposit insurance corporation ( fdic ) .
31	the village tends to be busy , partly because its facilities are convenient for students and staff of the university of york ; in the main village street these include four bank , two pub , a post office , a unisex hair salon , and a grocery shop .
12	it is just like a recurring deposit with the post office or bank where you put in a small amount every month , except the amount is invested in a mutual fund .
6	partnerships atom has tie-ups with major bank apart from credit card companies like visa inc . , mastercard and american express .
8	at the time , it sat on the bank of the singapore river , close to a small islet called pulau saigon .
42	castleton has a local school , church , chapel and two public house , the downe arms and the eskdale , as well as a small co-op supermarket , two village shop , post office , petrol station , tea room , bank , hair salon , public toilets and an art gallery .
20	'' qualified dividend '' includes most income from non-foreign corporations , real estate investment trust , and credit union and bank '' dividends '' that are nominally interest .
0	bank after the independence , banking industry in bangladesh started its journey with 6 nationalized commercialized banks , 2 state owned specialized banks and 3 foreign banks .
29	operations global blue employs around 1,700 people in 43 countries , and provides services to approximately 270,000 merchants ( retailers , hotels , restaurants , etc. ) , and bank in these locations .
11	developed as an alternative to traditional sources of investment such as bank , angel investors and venture capital during the 2007-2012 global financial crisis ( also known as the '' credit crunch '' ) , the company 's stated mission is to unite private investors - the '' crowd '' - with entrepreneurs and their ideas through a fully online investment platform .
26	'' accounting for this hoarding in the context of hoarded money 's inability to contribute to the growth of a capitalist society , marx states that bank are the relief to this problem : part two : the transformation of money into capital in part ii of volume i of capital , karl marx explains the three components necessary to create capital through the process of circulation : the first section of part ii , chapter 4 , explains the general formula for capital ; chapter 5 delves further by explaining the contradictions of the general formula ; and the last section of part ii , chapter 6 , describes the sale and purchase of labor power within the general formula .
5	amenities like educational institution , bank , dispensaries etc. are flourishing in addition to the growing goods market here .
9	legislative career committee assignments as of 2012 : aging bank corporations , authorities , and commissions governmental employees ( ranking minority member ) transport she has made the rights of senior citizens a hallmark of her tenure and has successfully fought to keep senior centers in brooklyn and staten island from being closed .
3	financial businesses include bank and other companies that generate profits through investment and management of the capital .
6	westheimer , an american business , bank and philanthropist from ohio , began the big brothers movement on july 4 , 1903 , when he discovered a young boy rummaging through a garbage pail outside the rear entrance to his office .
24	much of those works were possible from the george w. littlefield fund , an initial $ 125,000 donation from the legendary texas cattleman and bank , who sought to tell the '' southern '' side of history .
6	zao raiffeisenbank ( ) is a bank in russia .
2	a branch bank was also operating in the town by the 1880s .
3	occupying a former bank , the store regularly stocks cds , vinyl records , and audio cassettes , both new and used .
19	the banking lobby refers to the representatives from various firms and organizations seeking favorable terms from governments for big bank and other financial service companies through lobbying and advocacy group .
3	the list includes bank ( including commercial banks , investment banks , and savings and loan associations ) that have : been taken over or merged with another financial institution , been declared insolvent or liquidated , or filed for bankruptcy .
6	there are two daily flights carrying bank pouches , as well as air taxi services and executive jet .
50	after studying law in heidelberg , where he joined the corps saxo-borussia heidelberg ( a studentenverbindung ) , and in königsberg , where he did his articling , he worked for the osthilfe ( a weimar republic program for developing the agrarian economy in eastern germany ) and a private bank .
24	g. william domhoff claims that '' the idea of the american state having any significant degree of autonomy from the owners and managers of bank , corporations , and agribusinesses is a theoretical mistake based in empirical inaccuracies , '' and cites empirical studies showing a high degree of overlap between upper-level corporate management and high-level positions in government .
9	there also used to be a shop , a bank and a post office .
17	the woolwich equitable building society demutualised in 1997 , giving up its mutual status to become a bank : woolwich plc was formed , giving shares to investing and borrowing members of the society , and listing on the london stock exchange .
8	the gondi stemmed from a family of florentine bank established at lyon in the first years of the sixteenth century , who had arrived at the court of france in 1543 in the train of catherine de ' medici .
10	facilities the church of agios nikolaos litochoro has school , bank , a post office , a harbour , a sports centre , a town hall , a hospital , a museum , a concert hall , a gym , shopping facilities and squares ( plateies ) .
5	as a general rule , bank institution numbers start with 0 , 2 , 3 , or 6 , credit union and caisse populaire institution numbers start with 8 , and trust company institution numbers with 5 .
1	the bank is the leading mortgage lender in the country , with approximately 60 % of all ugandan mortgage accounts .
19	the village , also called brekkebygda , has a school , shop , gas station , post office , bank , sports fields , and brekken church .
2	history the bank was founded in 1983 as a credit trust , centenary rural development trust ( crdt ) , by six individuals : ( a ) simeon lutaakome ( b ) hugh francis pulle ( rip ) ( c ) paul kateregga ( d ) vincent kirabo kya maria ( e ) emmanuel mpande and ( f ) john ogutu ( rip ) .
10	at first , only the riksens ständers wexel-banco ( the bank of the riksdag of the estates ) could issue banknotes but , in 1789 , the riksgälds contor ( swedish national debt office ) was established and given the right to issue its own banknotes .
19	another exhibit is dedicated to the year 1933 , when minden was struck during the great depression with a bank failure , a fire , and a major tornado .
6	filipinos in malaysia work in the bank , construction , engineering , medical , and tourism sectors , as well as being employed as domestic worker .
25	typical sectors included telecommunications , power , petroleum , railways , airport , airline , public transport , health care , postal services and sometimes bank .
13	it is one of the most popular islamic modes of finance used by bank in islamic countries to promote riba - free transactions .
40	this has left a legacy in the diversity of goods and services which the scottish economy produces today , from textile , whisky and shortbread to jet engine , bus , computer software , ships , avionics and microelectronics to bank , insurance , investment management and other related financial services .
1	private bank and governments across the world followed gresham 's law : keeping the gold and silver they received , but paying out in notes .
24	the first level of djim screening removes companies involved in such products alcohol , pork - related products , conventional financial services ( e.g. bank and insurance companies ) , entertainment ( e.g. hotel , casino , gambling etc. ) , tobacco , and weapon and defense .
1	synopsis bank manager alan groombridge is bored with his tedious career and dull home life ; he dreams of one day stealing enough money from his employers so he can afford himself total freedom for a single year .
4	it is the only bank targeting the latino community in san diego county .
36	coined in 2011 after the capital metropolitan transit authority started charging fares for disability fare card holders and senior citizens , it involves the act of going to a check cashing establishments , gas station , bank , grocery store or financial institution and converting paper money into rolls of pennies .
8	types of financial intermediaries financial intermediaries include : bank building societies credit union financial adviser or broker insurance companies collective investment scheme pension fund summary and conclusion financial institutions ( intermediaries ) perform the vital role of bringing together those economic agents with surplus funds who want to lend , with those with a shortage of funds who want to borrow .
21	in addition to the hicks-cobb general store , medicine mound in its heyday had the w.w. cole building , a combination bank , drugstore , gasoline station ( with rusty pumps remaining ) , and post office , a laundry ( specifically , new york steam laundry ) , a school , and a church .
23	she was self-employed in restaurant development and as an insurance agent , owned a printing and office supply store , and was a bank officer .
9	the investor will then present a case to the bank holding the mortgage , that the seller is no longer able to make payments , is having to relinquish control of the property and that the loan on the property must be reduced in order for the investor to purchase the property .
3	intermediaries such as bank , investment banks , and boutique investment banks can help in this process .
3	the term '' bank '' was not used initially to describe the service .
1	this bank was probably founded in 1802 .
15	united kingdom the waterloo and city line on the london underground runs between waterloo and bank in the city .
9	fleetboston financial was a boston , massachusetts -- based bank created in 1999 by the merger of fleet financial group and bankboston .
6	the term is commonly used by bank and building societies to represent the ratio of the first mortgage lien as a percentage of the total appraised value of real property .
5	pinnacle financial partners is a bank headquartered in nashville , tennessee operating in middle and east tennessee .
16	in the month of july 1826 , there was a series of runs on three critical bank , which led to a halting of payments and the collapse of companies controlled by these investors .
12	during the black hills expedition , several wagons became stuck at a bank .
4	its activities comprise mainly bank services , but seb also carries out significant life insurance operations and also owns eurocard .
0	bank are key players in several segments of the money market .
7	calling himself the looter , he struck bank and offices everywhere , gaining his current name .
16	the federal home loan banks ( fhlbanks , or fhlbank system ) are 12 u.s. government-sponsored bank that provide stable , on-demand , low-cost funding to american financial institutions ( not individuals ) for home mortgage loan , small business , rural , agricultural , and economic development lending .
32	the property 's listing on the national register reflects its importance in industry and commerce , as well as its association with proprietor charles nelson , who was prominent in areas including bank , farming , and barrel - making .
7	mainwaring summons jones and frazer to the bank and tries to work out how best to break the news to godfrey .
6	in india , this service is bank - led .
7	when the treasuries fluctuated in value , bank had to recall loan or borrow from other banks or clearinghouse .
4	vrhpolje is on the bank of the drina river .
31	the national historic site was established in 1978 to tell the story of the life and work of maggie l. walker , the first woman to serve as president of a bank in the united states .
10	he was not a member of the prominent european rothschild bank family .
41	private placements may typically consist of offers of common stock or preferred stock or other forms of membership interests , warrant or promissory note ( including convertible promissory notes ) , bond , and purchasers are often institutional investor such as bank , insurance companies or pension fund .
36	the era of the common spittoon in the united states in the late 19th century united states and australia spittoons became a very common feature of pub , brothels , saloon , hotel , stores , bank , railway carriages , and other places where people ( especially adult men ) gathered .
6	this is a list of commercial bank in liberia .
3	nawnghkio myanma economic bank is the only banking service of the township .
15	shortly after the cession of taiwan to japanese rule in september 1895 , an osaka bank opened a small office in kirun ( keelung ) .
11	he has also led campaigns to reform insurers , politicians , bank , oil companies , and utilities .
12	it can often be located in forest clearing or verges , on bank or lakeshore , and on gentle slopes .
2	terminal processing bank or agents connected to terminal processing of leader system can accept payments for various providers .
13	the , based in tokyo , japan , was one of the largest bank in the world during the latter half of the 20th century .
10	the building includes a police station , fire station , bank , and a local branch of the council for a beautiful israel that is planned to be an educational center for environmental studies .
11	tikitiki is a small town in waiapu valley on the north bank of the waiapu river in the gisborne region of the north island of new zealand .
5	glitnir was an international iceland bank .
7	bridging finance is typically not provided by bank .
28	seb banka ( formerly - latvijas unibanka , then seb latvijas unibanka ) , 100 % of shares are owned by seb , is one of the largest bank in latvia .
16	tucker moved to new york city , where from 1924 until 1934 he worked for several bank and stock brokerages .
4	the fact that a bank or mint has always been able to generate a medium of exchange marked for more units than it is worth as a store of value , is the basis of banking .
8	axim has a transport station , two major bank branches , and some rural banks .
24	as a fast developing city and a major industrial and commercial hub in africa , nnewi experiences voluminous financial activities , therefore hosts major bank , and other financial institutions .
13	a soft count is one process for counting banknote in a casino or bank .
20	bankers ' bonuses are traditionally paid or awarded to some workers in the finance industry at the end of the bank 's financial year .
13	the great fire of 1811 , which destroyed the buildings on the left bank of the tržiška bistrica river , changed the town .
1	unlike bank , investment in the capital markets is not guaranteed by the federal government .
16	starting in 2001 , the law applied to federally regulated industries ( such as airline , bank and broadcasting ) .
11	stuard has garnered national recognition and gained widespread influence with his bank 's new approaches to community growth and customer interaction .
12	on january 1969 , blass and his gang tried to commit a bank robbery but the attempt failed before blass shot a policeman as he was fleeing from the financial institution .
41	nathan mayer , freiherr von rothschild ( 16 september 1777 -- 28 july 1836 ) , known as nathan mayer rothschild , was a london-based ashkenazi jewish banker and financier and one of five sons of the second-generation of the rothschild bank dynasty .
8	the gallery includes a jail , hotel , bank , and cemetery with targets which are animated when shot .
9	the advisory committee and board of directors of the bank includes a number of celebrities such as the famed dr. henry c. lee , and other community activists and leaders .
3	it will include bank , coffee and souvenir shops and two restaurant ( one of them with a revolving floor ) among other spaces destined to entertainment and telecommunications .
9	there is also a wide variety of bar and bank .
9	the city is also the center for the many bank and businesses that thrive from its tax haven status .
15	sir derek wanless ( 29 september 1947 22 may 2012 ) was a former english bank and a former adviser to the labor party .
2	mechanism u.s. bank and thrift institution are obligated by law to maintain certain levels of reserves , either as reserves with the fed or as vault cash .
10	infrastructure in thaba-tseka , there are shopping facilities , a bank , a post office , various institutions of relief organizations , and a hospital .
4	she worked as a bank and a currency trader in lebanon and bahrain , as well as london .
17	in regard of services , lentokenttä is fairly self-sufficient , with café , restaurant , shop , bank and a bus traffic terminal .
8	the temple also served as an early depository bank , sometimes in defiance of the crown 's wishes to seize the funds of nobles who had entrusted their wealth there .
9	for example , if waves pass over a sloping bank which is shallower at one end than the other , then the shoaling effect will result in the waves slowing more at the shallow end .
1	like bank , abcp programs provide liquidity and maturity transformation services .
32	the language is an internal language for the national financial computer services , inc ( later broadway & seymour ) bancstar application , which is software to automate the operations of a bank branch .
14	after his baseball career , he spent time as a security guard at a bank .
3	is a japan bank founded in saitama prefecture 1943 .
21	versus plans to add an additional 640 categories , to include real estate , motorcycle , food , credit card , bank , plastic surgeon and even people .
9	some auctions in the united states are used by bank , the irs , and other government agencies to sell vehicles that were repossessed for failure to make monthly payments or pay taxes , or were seized by the fbi , dea , or the police .
3	or , a bank may analyze the financial statements of a small business before making or renewing a commercial loan .
30	logo of the securities industry and financial markets association the securities industry and financial markets association ( sifma ) is a united states industry trade group representing securities firms , bank , and asset management companies .
26	a series of independent businesses can be found in the village : a grocer 's shop , a butcher 's shop , two inn , a bank branch , the postal agency , a hairdresser 's , a concert artists ' agency , a driving school , an agency for a department store business , a haulage company and two distilleries .
3	its jurisdiction includes bank , credit union , securities firms , payday lender , mortgage-servicing operations , foreclosure relief services , debt collector , other financial companies operating in the united states , and virtual currencies .
5	mediolanum is active in the bank , life insurance and mutual fund sectors and aims much of its products towards individuals and families .
4	other major industries include bank and financial services , construction , education , entertainment , biotechnology , transport equipment , oil and gas , whisky , and tourism .
18	entrepreneurship stakeholders may include government , school , universities , private sector , family business , investors , bank , entrepreneurs , social leaders , research center , military , labor representatives , student , lawyer , cooperatives , communes , multinationals , private foundation , and international aid agencies .
11	in the 1790s , a race track , printing press , bank and coffee room all opened , and cardiff gained a stagecoach service to london .
11	cirsium vulgare as a weed c. vulgare , growing on the bank of the murrumbidgee river in wagga wagga , australia spear thistle is designated an '' injurious weed '' under the uk weeds act 1959 , and a noxious weed in australia and in nine us states .
7	true north mortgage 's model , part bank and part brokerage firm , is recognized as being highly innovative in the mortgage industry and has grown rapidly since ceo dan eisner opened the company 's first office in calgary in 2006 .
3	history like its bank counterparts , there is an active swiss insurance industry with the swiss being one of the most heavily insured populations on the planet .
4	is a japanese regional bank headquartered in toyama , toyama ; hokoriku refers to a greater region in japan that encompasses fukui , ishikawa , and toyoma prefectures .
6	its products are primarily used by bank and casino for counting and sorting money .
24	residents today find employment in many fields including nearby coal mines ; education ; coal bed methane extraction ; health care ; retailing ; bank ; law firm ; city , county , and state government ; national forest ; home construction ; and a large number of small business ; farming ; and ranch .
40	the old sonderho harbour and the navigational mark kaaver will soon be added to sonderho , see www.sonderhohavn.dk tourism is still the main basis for the existence of the village and because of that , its shops , restaurants , bank and library are able to stay open all year .
22	since there were many types of confederate notes as well as notes issued by the states of the confederacy , and since bank could issue their own notes , counterfeit was a major problem for the confederacy .
18	united kingdom banking law refers to banking law in the united kingdom , to control the activities of bank .
51	the company administration building of adm adm is set up as a société anonyme and its market capital of 6.507.628.500 dirhams has been brought together by : fonds hassan ii ( the hasan ii fund ) : 61,47 % trésor public of morocco : 33,11 % public corporations : 2,09 % bank and ( other ) institutional investor : 0,76 % the kuwait investment authority : 1,74 % others : 0,83 % in 2008 the company will invest 6.684 million dirhams ( approximately 610 million euro ) management the board of directors of adm is formed by real men and representatives of major investors : on top of these board-members , major stakeholders have also a representative in the board above list is not complete and is based on the annual report 2007 .
8	as of december 2009 , there is no bank on the ugandan side of the border .
7	research krahnen 's research interests focus on bank , financial intermediaries , credit management and credit markets .
22	boat quay is a historical quay in singapore which is situated upstream from the mouth of the singapore river on its southern bank .
67	they also come up with a core inflation and a gold forecastor , as well as lead sectoral indicators like for the auto and the banking sectors ( this pt will be just after the above pt ) it ultimately helps fund managers and corporates generate better revenues with the help of improved data on major market indicators the research firm 's clientele comprises commercial and retail bank , manufacturing and services firms , multilaterals , government and academic institutions .
24	'' and ( 2 ) '' to strengthen confidence and encourage liquidity in the banking system by guaranteeing newly issued senior unsecured debt of bank , thrift , and certain holding company , and by providing full coverage of non-interest bearing deposit transaction accounts , regardless of dollar amount .
18	he remained in high demand as a muralist , particularly in missouri , where he created works in bank , school , museum , and in private place mansions .
6	was one of japan 's largest bank ranked by assets ( an estimated us$ 1 trillion ) , second only to mizuho holdings .
11	during the week , he threw himself into work at a bank and at the youth council .
14	its members are current or former members of the financial services industry , primarily bank .
2	history the bank was founded in 1972 through the merger of several smaller banks .
19	these installations have been featured in several design publications , and can still be experienced in public spaces , bank , hotel , schools , churches , industrial complexes , and private residences .
27	structurally they lie between informal financial market actors like moneylenders , collectors , and rosca on the one hand , and formal actors like microfinance institutions and bank on the other .
26	within the financial service cluster , there were three major sectors : more than 60 percent were in the securities industry ; 20 percent were in bank ; and 8 percent in insurance .
5	chief economists work primarily in bank and government institutions .
25	as his business grew , he branched out with a sawmill , gristmill , window factory , iron foundry , woollen mill , railroad , bank , and the oxmoor blast furnace in birmingham .
14	in order to achieve that goal , the town jews got permission to open bank and loan money by interest .
8	banque internationale pour la centrafrique is a major bank of the central african republic .
24	one anonymous legal market expert said the exit of the ip partners could constitute a default in heller 's line of credit with its bank , effectively triggering liquidation .
38	history orga systems , paderborn orga systems , rome orga systems , istanbul orga systems , kiew orga systems , kuala lumpur orga systems has its roots in a global supplier of smart-card solutions for mobile telecommunications , bank , retail , health care and the internet .
10	now housed in the old 1902 hefersweiler schoolhouse is a bank .
8	hinky dinky was a pioneer in partnering with bank to open in-store banking offices .
7	this is a list of the largest bank in the united states by total asset as of december 31 , 2013 .
24	mosjøen 's business sector contains both traditional and modern companies as well as a wide spectre of branches , including trade , craft , bank , transport , and tourism .
5	regions financial corporation , a bank and financial services company based in birmingham , stepped in as the title sponsor , with bruno 's remaining as a presenting sponsor .
6	he was a director of city bank and trust company in natchitoches for twenty-eight years .
19	since the end of the 1990-s , a. eresko has also been involved in matters related to insurance and bank .
25	the bangkok-based startup offers an online comparison service for car insurances and credit cards and is currently partnering with 30 insurance companies , 10 leading bank , and 30 key marketing players in thailand .
7	the city is home to exchanges , bank , broker , asset managers , pension fund , hedge fund , private equity firms , insurance companies and reinsurance markets .
33	a counter pen ( also known as a security pen ) is a pen designed to be affixed to the counter or table of an institution , such as , typically , a bank or post office by some means , typically a chain , ball chain or plastic cord , complicating the accidental or purposeful removal of the pen from the counter .
42	currently , the town has such amenities as full scale supermarkets , pharmacies , restaurants , ranging from low cost fondas and fast-food restaurants to beachside bistro , medical and veterinary clinics , a hospital , gardening centers , hardware stores , bank , apparel shops , outdoor markets , a shopping plaza and a new shopping mall .
19	a transit check or not on-us check is a negotiable item ( check ) which is drawn on another bank than that at which it is presented for payment .
1	many bank started operating since 2002 , catering to the growing population of this suburb , like sbi etc. .
20	construction causewayed enclosures are often located on hilltop sites , encircled by one to four concentric ditch with an internal bank .
13	qcr holdings , inc. , through its subsidiaries , provides commercial and consumer bank , and trust and asset management services for the quad city , cedar rapids , and rockford communities .
36	a tandem computers promotional mug - note that the original mug had two handles original tandem mug with two handles tandem computers , inc. was the dominant manufacturer of fault-tolerant computer systems for atm networks , bank , stock exchange , telephone switching centers , and other similar commercial transaction processing applications requiring maximum uptime and zero data loss .
4	many day traders are bank or investment firm employees working as specialists in equity investment and fund management .
28	hedge funds were early adopters , but the use of expert networks quickly spread to all types of institutional investors , including mutual funds , pension funds , bank , and private equity firms .
11	riparian plants , such as populus fremontii , flank the creek bank .
7	banco di napoli s.p.a. is an italian bank .
11	description asset quality is related to the left-hand side of the bank balance sheet .
4	roaring creek has unstable bank in many places .
2	a dardania bank exists in albania .
14	mlake , which is located on the west side of onger hill , has bank , a kindergarten , a leisure centre and several pub .
16	cashier balancing is a process usually conducted in businesses such as grocery store , restaurant and bank that takes place at the closing of the business day or at the end of a cashier 's shift .
9	the adirondack trust company is the largest independent community bank in saratoga county , new york , usa .
5	it was probably the first bank in aberystwyth and was founded soon after the removal of the custom house from aberdyfi to aberystwyth , around 1762 .
17	more than 40,000 companies were registered in the cayman islands as of 2000 , including almost 600 bank and trust companies , with banking assets exceeding $ 500 billion .
19	geography on the edge of the danubian plain and stara planina , petrevene lies almost entirely on the left bank of panega river .
16	statewide virginia political campaigns a fiery populist , howell assailed '' big business '' , particularly bank , insurance companies , and monopolies .
12	fučkovci ( ) is a settlement on the terrace above the left bank of the kolpa river in the municipality of črnomelj in the white carniola area of southeastern slovenia , next to the border with croatia .
1	the bank is located in banjul and was established in 1971 .
10	originally , a series of separate informational pamphlet distributed by bank and insurance companies , the pamphlets were bound together and published in book form in 1926 .
23	this means that as time passes , an employee accumulates additional sick leave or vacation time and this time is placed into a bank .
12	it is named for oliver watson who was the president of a bank in nearby williamsport at the time .
11	swedbank ab ( formerly föreningssparbanken ) is a nordic - baltic bank group offering retail banking , asset management , financial , and other services .
13	certain classes of designated services must be reported to austrac , in particular bank cash transactions ( i.e. note and coin ) of $ 10,000 or more .
32	headquarters of eurohypo in eschborn building of the former preußische central-bodenkredit-ag , unter den linden 26 , in berlin-mitte hypothekenbank frankfurt ag , previously eurohypo ag , is a european real estate bank based in eschborn , frankfurt .
10	born in 1955 , kristensen has a career that includes bank , industrial management and international financial consultancy .
8	midwest federal savings and loan was an american bank headquartered in minneapolis , minnesota .
34	since illegal immigrants without proper legal status have no valid identification documents such as identity card , they may have reduced or no access to public health systems , proper housing , education and bank .
8	banco de crédito del perú is a peru bank , and the largest in the country .
15	as the industrial revolution intensified in the 18th and 19th centuries , the industries of bank , rail , insurance , retail , petroleum , and telegraph dramatically grew , and a large number of clerks were needed , and as a result more office space was required to house these activities .
31	aengevelt immobilien according to the real estate finance intelligence report europe ( refire ) in 2010 aengevelt was ranked first place ahead of engel & völkers and bw baden - württembergische bank and were listed for having the highest level of client support and .
66	she appears in just two episodes : '' 41 shots '' , in which she is seen eating at a restaurant with two other judges while having a conversation , and '' bang & blame '' , in which she presides over the trial of a murderer who decides to represent himself pro se after killing a woman on video in the middle of a crowded bank lobby .
4	kreditbanken is a former bank that was based in stockholm , sweden .
30	hans boner on a stamp from 1944 jan boner ( before 1463 -- 1523 ) , also known as hans boner , was a german - born polish merchant and bank .
6	in europe the main issuers are bank .
28	it was declared insolvent in 1990 , and had 125 branches in new york , california , florida , michigan , and texas , making it the 12th-largest bank in the united states in 1989 .
11	founded in 1407 , it was one of the oldest chartered bank in europe , if not the world .
6	the village also has a commercial bank , an insurance company and a cashomat .
10	roman influences may be found around us today , in bank , government buildings , great houses , and even small houses , perhaps in the form of a porch with doric columns and a pediment or in a fireplace or a mosaic shower floor copied from an original in pompeii or herculaneum .
48	groups given a write-up include the illuminati , the merovingian dynasty , the cathars , the prieuré de sion , the alphans , the '' time meddlers '' , the network , the discordian society , the society of assassins , the templars , the bavarian illuminati , bank and the gnomes of zurich , environmental protesters and ecoterrorists , the freemasons , the society of light , intelligence agencies , the mafia ( including a section about prohibition ) , major corporations , organised crime , organised religion , telephone companies , and unions .
5	economically , gleiwitz opened several bank , savings and loan association , and bond centers .
14	his areas of focus are international economics , monetary economics , macroeconomics , and bank .
14	their sentiments also encompass the rejection of the current political system , capitalism , bank and political corruption .
23	sir james henderson-stewart , 1st baronet , ( originally james henderson stewart , 6 december 1897 3 september 1961 ) was a british bank , army officer and politician .
5	it was originally intended for bank applications and was used for data processing and management planning in banks , trade and utility companies in belgrade .
26	within the financial service cluster , there are three major sectors : more than 60 percent are in the securities industry ; 20 percent are in bank ; and 8 percent in insurance .
56	saarstraße 9 -- villa , renaissance revival , 1893 saarstraße 12 -- post office ; heimatstil building with expressionistic motifs , 1933 , postal building councillor lütje saarstraße 16 -- shophouse , three-floor late gründerzeit house , renaissance motifs , 1898 saarstraße 17 -- villalike late historicist house , 1908 -- 1910 saarstraße 21 -- former bank building ; late gründerzeit house , renaissance motifs , 1901/1902 , garden architect karl gréus , carried out by architect schöpper saarstraße 23 -- late gründerzeit inn , renaissance motifs , 1904 inside schillerstraße 4 -- two classicist doors , stairway schillerstraße 6 -- former oilmill ; baroque timber-frame house , half-hip roof , 1693 schillerstraße 8 -- late gründerzeit house , renaissance revival , 1902 schillerstraße 18 -- former saddler 's shop ( ?
1	some bank and insurance companies use contamination control products as part of their disaster management protocols .
10	however , more commonly , the officer merely contacts the bank , landlord , employer , trustee , bailee or other person holding the property , with a certified copy of the order , for them to hand over the debtor 's property for attachment ; this is especially true with intangible personal property and real property .
11	in those days , owning a ricemill was like owning a bank .
27	if this matching is successful , the lender obtains a positive rate of return , the borrower receives a return for risk taking and entrepreneur and the bank receives a return for making the successful match .
2	the central bank of bosnia and herzegovina is found in the city , as are numerous other independent banks .
8	their goal is to reduce damages that the bank are causing to the public by legislation .
47	bafin was created by the merger of the three supervisory agencies , the federal banking supervisory office ( ) , the federal supervisory office for the securities trading ( ) , and the federal insurance supervisory office ( ) this meant there was uniform national supervision of bank , credit institutions , insurance companies , financial service companies , brokers and stock exchanges .
10	facilities parking slots for 38 cars a conference hall a bank with atm the chamber committee office cafeteria reference-cum-cyber library 540 impendent chambers fully ftth enabled by bsnl 3 high speed modern lifts safety the building is earthquake resistant .
31	capital city is a television series which focused on the professional and personal lives of a group of investment banker working in the dealing room at shane-longman , a fictional international bank based in the city of london .
11	an interesting issue in the latter is the increasing entanglement of bank and nations , which is closely related to geography of networks .
7	other id cards most of the swedish bank can issue identity cards for their customers , but have generally stopped doing so .
10	missions the french banking federation ( fbf ) promotes the bank and financial services industries in the french , european and international markets , and sets out the industry 's positions and proposals to officials and regulatory authorities in the fields of business and finance .
27	the headquarters of credit foncier de france , 19 rue des capucines , c. 1913 , architect antoine-nicolas bailly crédit foncier de france is a national mortgage bank of france .
23	electronic broking services ( ebs ) is a wholesale electronic trading platform used to trade foreign exchange ( fx ) with market making bank .
23	samuel thomas hauser , a former territorial governor of the state of montana from 1885 to 1887 , enjoyed a lengthy career in bank , mining , railroads , ranch , and smelting , but encountered a series of financial setbacks after the panic of 1893 which nearly ruined him financially .
9	globoko ob dravinji is a village on the left bank of the dravinja river in the municipality of poljčane in northeastern slovenia .
20	thincats is an online peer-to-peer lending platform that allows experienced investors to make secured loans directly to businesses , bypassing bank .
18	s. that is , savers ( lenders ) give funds to an intermediary institution ( such as a bank ) , and that institution gives those funds to spenders ( borrowers ) .
36	houmt souk counts several schools as well primary as secondary ( of which several colleges and colleges ) but also a post office ( in a characteristic building going back to french protectorate ) , several bank , a public hospital and several private clinics , several pharmacies , a tourist bureau and a trade unions initiative .
24	by definition , the '' zaibatsu '' were large family-controlled vertical monopolies consisting of a holding company on top , with a wholly owned bank subsidiary providing finance , and several industrial subsidiaries dominating specific sectors of a market , either solely , or through a number of subsubsidiary companies .
1	several bank also have rewards programs , including three of the big four banks of the united states -- wells fargo being the lone exception , capitalone , and citizens financial group .
14	his enterprises were invested in his plantations , palm oil and sugar factories , bank and railroad .
23	the law applies to any person who , in the ordinary course of business , regularly participates in a credit decision , including bank , retailer , bankcard companies , finance companies , and credit union .
28	legacy by 1974 , bessemer trust company had developed an expertise in wealth management that allowed it to take on other clients through the creation of a national bank headquartered in new york city .
17	with tensions mounting between bangui and paris as a result of bokassa 's uncontrollable expenditures , western bank refused to lend him any more money .
9	the street is also home to a number of bank and building societies .
12	byerly 's locations also offer in-store united states post offices , full-service bank , pharmacies , coffee shops , floral departments , and wines & spirits shops .
76	bridges there are several major bridges across the shing mun river : banyan bridge ( 翠榕橋 ) on fo tan road dragon bridge ( 錦龍橋 ) on sha tin road lion bridge ( 獅子橋 ) on lion rock tunnel road sandmartin bridge ( 沙燕橋 ) on sha tin rural committee road lek yuen bridge - a pedestrian bridge across the river channel pollution problem many buildings , including industrial and residential buildings , located at the bank of shing mun river .
18	we find out at the end of the trailer that the buildings are in fact dangerous when a bank rises up off the ground and is revealed to be a monster .
9	the other-indemnity segment provides professional liability insurance to community bank , principally directors , and officers liability insurance .
12	the network counts 36 member institutions , of which many are various bank and building societies issuing link atm card , and the remainder are independent atm operators who do not issue cards .
7	donner & reuschel aktiengesellschaft is a german bank organised as a limited company ( aktiengesellschaft ) and headquartered in hamburg .
10	norwegian companies , listed on a stock exchange , and bank must be asas ( the latter are exempt from certain regulation though , including ownership regulation ) .
4	he worked in a bank before joining the lapd , has a few college credits earned , but sought a job with higher status and better pay .
23	left-bank ukraine left-bank ukraine ( ; ; ) is a historic name of the part of ukraine on the left ( east ) bank of the dnieper river , comprising the modern-day oblast of chernihiv , poltava and sumy as well as the eastern parts of kiev and cherkasy .
24	the french prudential supervisory authority ( autorité de contrôle prudentiel - acp ) is an independent administrative authority , which monitors the activities of bank and insurance companies in france .
4	this discouraged the major bank and oil companies from investing in arabian oil ventures .
1	the bank neighbouring the cutlers ' hall are in a similar style .
18	from 2006 to 2008 , duran took out 68 commercial and personal loans from a total of 39 bank with no guarantees or property as collateral .
33	after a second partial cloverleaf interchange with thompson avenue , sr 410 goes under a railroad trestle owned by bnsf railway and used by amtrak 's cascades rail service , near the northern bank of the puyallup river .
31	while the country has shifted toward a more market-oriented economy , the vietnamese government still continues to hold a tight rein over major sectors of the economy , such as the bank system , state-owned enterprises , and areas of foreign trade .
8	banq is a french spelling of the word bank , but pronounced the same way .
8	the panic of 1837 triggered by the failing bank in america is followed by a severe depression lasting until 1845 .
2	targets included bank , embassies , the miss world event in 1970 ( or rather a bbc outside broadcast vehicle earmarked for use in the bbc 's coverage ) and the homes of conservative mp .
20	an origination fee , or activation fee , is a payment associated with the establishment of an account with a bank , broker or other company providing services handling the processing associated with taking out a loan .
51	it now houses student and faculty dining facilities , food courts , deans' offices , the military science ( rotc ) department , the women 's center , the center for academic success , office of multicultural affairs , the rainbow room ( lgbt qia programs and outreach ) , a bank office , and conference facilities .
6	sumption sold his interest in the bank in 1971 .
7	bradford & bingley plc was a british bank with headquarters in the west yorkshire town of bingley .
0	bank and other deposit institutions , insurance companies , railroad , and certain other financial institutions and entities regulated by the federal and state governments can not be a debtor under the bankruptcy code .
14	here , goethe spent some time in 1814 as a guest of the frankfurt bank family brentano .
1	the bank is the first development finance institution established by the government of ghana .
20	history f2i was established on 23 january 2007 as an initiative of cassa depositi e prestiti , a state owned bank and social security fund .
18	willem traded in precious metals and during the course of the 19th century and the scheurleer & zoonen bank grew in size and respectability , eventually having in excess of 140 employees .
13	brian k. krolicki ( born december 31 , 1960 ) is an american bank and politician .
9	rediscount is a way of providing financing to a bank or other financial institution .
20	sir john lindsay eric smith , ch , cbe ( 3 april 1923 28 february 2007 ) was a british bank , conservative member of parliament , and lord lieutenant of berkshire .
15	currently , projac holds twelve recording studios , three snack bars , a restaurant , bank .
25	petronella johanna maria godefrida ( elly ) blanksma-van den heuvel ( born september 24 , 1959 in helmond ) is a dutch politician and former bank manager .
28	in 1879 , when the bonds were issued , silver coins were in wide circulation and coins minted in gold were just beginning to make their appearances at bank nationwide .
11	other types run to profit members unlike many insurance company and bank super funds , industry funds are not in business to make a profit for shareholders .
11	business pursuits upon moving to south norwalk , he became a bank , invested in real estate , becoming the largest landholder in the city .
26	armando antónio martins vara ( born march 27 , 1954 , vinhais ) is a portuguese politician , member of the portuguese socialist party , and bank administrator .
35	quill pens were standard in europe and the united states up through the 18th and 19th centuries , and are still used in various contexts , such as calligraphy and formal settings such as major bank transactions .
17	brownlee argues that disobedience in opposition to the decisions of non-governmental agencies such as trade union , bank , and private universities can be justified if it reflects '' a larger challenge to the legal system that permits those decisions to be taken '' .
9	everbank is an american diversified financial services company providing bank , mortgages , and investing services .
11	the ban in shopping centres , department store , supermarket , bank , game arcades has been in place since july 1998 .
7	on 1 march , larha robbed a bank in pitäjänmäki , nearly killing a cashier .
17	the combination of higher reserve requirements imposed by the federal reserve board on the nation 's commercial bank and the introduction of the new social security tax on employees and employers contributed to the downturn .
7	article 104 : hold the magnetic card bank account on benefits , or pension income of the elderly as well as other documents for the purpose of ensuring receipt or recovery of debt .
15	now it rests in the center of a large retail area with a number of bank , restaurant and numerous chain big-box store ranging from best buy and shopko to the home depot and menards .
20	it also features a 93-bed hotel , 700-space car park , shopping mall of 800 shops , 500-seat canteen , bank , medical center , postal office , and waiting and vip rooms .
6	this article is about the defunct bank based in dallas , texas .
16	rijkman willem johan groenink ( born den helder , 25 august 1949 ) is a dutch bank .
8	origin before the sixties or seventies , the bank ' capital market businesses were mostly split into many departments , sometimes scattered at several sites , as market segments : money market ( domestic and currencies ) , foreign exchange , long-term financing , exchange , bond market .
26	in layman 's terms , this is when the seller in a transaction offers the buyer a loan rather than the buyer obtaining one from a bank .
7	campus facilities canteen transport audio visual facility bank music room water coolers with purified drinking water adequate parking space for two wheelers and cars common rooms for girls medical room with first aid facility sports the campus has a huge playground , and an indoor basketball stadium .
1	many bank started operating since 2002 , catering to the growing population of this suburb like sbi etc. are located here .
1	examples bank will often screen people interested in borrowing money in order to weed out those who wo n't be able to pay it back .
12	some of these include three restaurants , a grocery store , a bank , a hardware store , a garage , an ice cream stand , a bar , and a doctor 's office .
1	unlike bank loans , gemach loans are interest-free , and are often set up with easy repayment terms .
42	economic activity is broken down as follow : commerce -- including wholesale , retail , auto repair , household goods ( 42.86 % ) ; manufacturing industry ( 16.13 % ) , hospitality -- hotels and restaurants ( 14.43 % ) , bank and real state ( 10.12 % ) , social and personal services ( 8.94 % ) , health-related services ( 3.90 % ) , and others ( 3.60 % ) .
5	banco latino was a venezuela bank based in caracas , and at the time of its 1994 failure was the country 's second largest .
1	uk bank do not traditionally play an important role as institutional investors , as they do for instance in germany .
26	james addison baker , sr. ( aka captain james a. baker ; january 10 , 1857 august 2 , 1941 ) was an american attorney and bank in houston , texas .
5	in addition to the ground bank hall , seven floors of staff flats occupied the building .
39	they combine a degree with a professional option to choose from nine : event marketing , press relations / advertising and public , e-communication and communication for e-business , international business of sport , luxury businesses , careers , bank business / marketing .
7	in the beginning of 2005 the danish bank introduced a 50 øre per transaction fee for using a dankort card .
15	hyppolite wawelberg 's polish-jewish connections ( wawelbergs were jewish ) remained strong , and the bank was generally known as having two separate centers - in warsaw and in st. petersburg .
69	saint homobonus ' ( died 1197 ) attributes include a bag of money a money bag ( moneybag , bag of money , money sack , sack of money , bag of gold , gold bag , sack of gold , etc. ) is a ( normally with a drawstring ) of money ( or gold ) used to hold and transport coin and banknote from/to a mint , bank , atm , vending machine , business , or other institution .
8	each game also includes a setup for a bank , which includes play money ( in denominations of $ 5,000 , $ 10,000 , $ 20,000 , $ 50,000 , and $ 100,000 .
34	special opportunities fund with the advent of challenges in the property and finance sector , bourne capital established their own special opportunities fund in june 2008 to co-invest ` side by side ' with bank , institutions and joint venture partners .
11	it offers tips for getting free sky miles , avoiding overseas bank fees , and finding cheap accommodations .
21	as of 1927 , the town boasted a small population of 857 with five church , a public library , a bank , a high school , two local newspapers , several lumber yards , commercial packing houses , and a dehydrating plant .
37	under the alias of spaulding and ross , they had contrived the ` red-headed league ' rigmarole to keep wilson out of his shop while they dug in the basement , in order to break into the bank vault next door .
10	two years later the town had a school , a bank , and a newspaper , the post city post , the same name as the daily in st. louis , missouri .
8	carver is the largest publicly traded african-american operated bank in the united states , with approximately $ 650 million in assets , 135 employees and ten full service branches in the new york city boroughs of brooklyn , manhattan and queens .
27	in 1799 , however , berbice governor abraham jacob van imbijze van batenburg and suriname governor jurriaan françois de friderici signed an agreement in which the western bank of the courantyne river was demarcated as the boundary .
15	it includes : selling stock , bonds , mutual funds shares and also interest from bank deposits .
23	middle ages afonso henriques in battle , near the roman bridge in sacavém according to an old legend , it was near the bank of the trancão that the mythical battle of sacavém river took place , between king afonso i of portugal and the moors , in october 1147 .
8	its construction led to enormous debt to european bank , and caused popular discontent because of the onerous tax it required .
9	) nicknamed '' blind bob '' is a us bank robber who is legally blind .
6	in 1910 the st. petersburg commercial bank purchased a building with a lot underneath it in one most prestigious locations , at the corner of nevsky prospekt and aristocratic malaia morskaia ulitsa ( 7 and 9 nevsky prospekt ) .
4	it was a retail bank that acquired many community banks .
13	neel tushar kashkari ( born july 30 , 1973 ) is an american bank and politician .
18	during his 4-year tenure as president of the crown corporation , boyd secured large bond issue with international bank to finish the construction project .
15	amenities such as government dispensaries , a private hospital , creches , hawker centre and bank were built in the 1970s during efforts to develop singapore economically .
4	filanbanco was the largest bank in ecuador .
17	history in 1964 on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the goethe university frankfurt , some bank , in particular private bankers and the frankfurt stock exchange , set up a fund for establishing a research institute .
16	given then-standard banking criteria for mortgage-lending , black people usually did not qualify for mortgages from bank and savings and loan association ; instead , they recurred to land installment contracts at above market interest rates to buy a house -- a racist economic strategy eventually leading to foreclosure .
20	the guarantee fund the guarantee fund was established in 1994 to enable communities of slum dwellers to access loans from bank .
5	baltimore grand is a historic bank building located at baltimore , maryland , united states .
19	by 1909 , the town had a hotel , general store , blacksmith , baker , carpenter and two bank , and by 1950 , most of the land was cleared and being used for farming .
12	these statistics are closely watched by economist , government official , and bank .
9	in 1873 , arnold decided to go into the bank business himself , buying a defunct elizabethtown financial institution .
5	he was employed as a bank clerk in 1892 and served successively as cashier and director until his death .
12	'' the word '' dixie '' refers to privately issued currency from bank in louisiana .
19	history ebs was created by a partnership of the world 's largest foreign exchange ( fx ) market making bank in 1990 to challenge reuters ' threatened monopoly in interbank spot foreign exchange and provide effective competition .
12	power station the polgolla barrage , as seen from the left - bank downriver .
10	the hospital building also has a post office and a bank to serve the needs of staff , students and the public .
19	in a 27 september 2008 talkshow on orf television , haider described the boards of directors of numerous world bank as '' mafia '' .
13	it is revealed that the window bab looked at was that of a bank .
20	most of the big supermarket of kabul are located in this area , along with foreign offices , hotel and bank .
13	) in a few episodes it was also said that drucker operated a bank ; this proved to be merely a cash box kept under a counter in his store .
18	william henry workman ( january 1 , 1839 february 21 , 1918 ) was an american politician , bank and businessman .
36	in addition , the position of the general land office at the fulcrum of what was then the american real estate business meant that its commissioner had the opportunity of developing many ties with east coast bank interests that could serve each public servant well when the time came for him to retire to private life .
15	by 2009 , there were over us$ 822 billion assets being managed in over 300 bank and 250 mutual fund around the world complying with islamic principles and as of 2014 total assets of around $ 2 trillion were sharia-compliant .
15	as the industrial revolution intensified in the 18th and 19th centuries , the industries of bank , rail , insurance , retail , petroleum , and telegraph dramatically grew in size and complexity .
19	bdo unibank , inc. ( ) , commonly known as banco de oro and bdo , is the largest bank in the philippines .
32	while the investor 's need for high rates of return on any given investment can thus make angel financing an expensive source of funds , cheaper sources of capital , such as bank financing , are usually not available for most early-stage ventures geographical differences us geographically , silicon valley dominates the destination of angel funds , receiving 39 % of the $ 7.5 b invested in us-based companies throughout q2 2011 , 3 -- 4 times as much as the total amount invested within new england .
37	u.s. representative lloyd doggett of austin credited patman with foreseeing the 2008 financial crisis that brought about a $ 700 billion bailout from congress : '' much of his legacy -- fighting predatory lenders and warning of bank deemed ` too big to fail ' -- testifies to his foresight .
18	he ran for governor in 1978 , finishing third in the democratic primary , behind flamboyant east tennessee bank jake butcher and then - public service commissioner bob clement .
18	the house itself is a three - bay stone building , one-and-a-half stories tall , located on the bank of the licking river .
5	bnp paribas is a french bank and financial services company with headquarters in paris , and a global headquarters in london .
16	observers speculated that the firm 's legal business had declined due to heavy losses in the bank industry concentrated in charlotte .
16	the village has lost some of its population and at the same time post office , bank and two stores have quit .
10	location a bureau de change is often located at a bank , at a travel agent , airport , main railway station or large stores namely , anywhere there is likely to be a market for people needing to convert currency .
5	company failures now extended to bank and goldsmith as they could not collect loans made on the stock , and thousands of individuals were ruined , including many members of the aristocracy .
13	giovanni villani ( 1276 or 1280 -- 1348 , ) was an italian bank , official , diplomat and chronicle from florence who wrote the nuova cronica ( new chronicles ) on the history of florence .
14	mizuho securities , abbreviated as mhfg , or simply called mizuho , is a bank holding company headquartered in the ōtemachi district of chiyoda , tokyo , japan .
17	key shareholders bnp paribas ( france ) ben thanh group financial committee of hochiminh city communist party bank for foreign trade of vietnam ( vietcombank ) saigon general service corporation ( savico ) branch/transaction office network up to july 27/2010 , network of oricombank presents in 17 provinces and cities throughout in vietnam including : 1 head office 1 center transaction office 24 branches 46 transaction offices 4 saving office staff by the end of 8/2010 total head count of oricombank is 1,539 people .
30	it offers clients a selection of products -- loans , insurance , investments ( unit trusts / mutual funds , alternative investment vehicles ) , financial advice -- sourced from bank , insurance companies , and fund managers around the world .
22	such a trader first '' borrows '' shares of that stock from their owner ( the lender ) , typically via a bank or a prime broker under the condition that he will return it on demand .
83	loans from friends or relatives grants from private foundations personal savings private stock issue forming partnerships angel investor banks financial platforms such as lendingclub and ondeck sme finance , including collateral based lending and venture capital , given sufficiently sound business venture plans some small businesses are further financed through credit card debt -- usually a poor choice , given that the interest rate on credit cards is often several times the rate that would be paid on a line of credit or bank loan .
20	dexter horton dexter horton ( 1825 seneca lake , new york -- 1904 ) was the founder of the first bank in the city of seattle .
31	dugouts along the creek , used by a third of the population in 1851 largely due to the company nature of the settlement , development was slow , with the first bank not opening until 1859 and the town 's first newspaper being printed in 1876 .
4	for example , a bank service is part of wider efforts to harmonize financial services .
8	palmer national of washington , d.c. is a bank in washington , d.c . .
23	leninsk ( ) is a town and the administrative center of leninsky district in volgograd oblast , russia , located on the left bank of the akhtuba river , east of volgograd , the administrative center of the oblast .
7	flood was an i.t. analyst for westpac bank at the time of winning millionaire .
8	these taxes include cigarette excise , estate , bank franchise , ore , energy mineral severance , coin operated laundromat license fees , beer , wine and distilled spirits , gaming excise , beer and liquor license fees , and alcohol beverage brand registration fees .
9	eurodollars are time deposit denominated in u.s. dollar at bank outside the united states , and thus are not under the jurisdiction of the federal reserve .
15	for a time henry managed the city exchange banking company , a boston - based bank that was eventually merged with the nevinses ' other businesses .
11	strands finance offers white label personal finance management solutions to international bank .
7	lending businesses such as car rental and bank receive most of their revenue from fees and interest generated by lending asset to other organizations or individuals .
17	in his autobiographical volume spadework , woolley noted that it was found whilst he was at the bank in corbridge collecting the workers ' wages , and that when they revealed their discovery to him upon his return , the man who excavated it commented '' when i first saw that there lion he had a blooming orange in ` is mouth !
15	loan officers , also referred to as '' mortgage loan originators '' , work for bank and other financial institutions with the main objective to recommend individual and business loan applications for approval .
10	general price had established his headquarters in lexington in a bank building at 926 main street on september 18 , 1861 , located across the street from the lafayette county courthouse .
11	at one point , firesteel included a flour mill , a bank , several businesses , a school , a 24-hour electricity plant , 70 miles of telephone line , and a stockyard .
4	he also became a bank and was very successful .
28	villa morra has seen an important development in the last few years with the opening of new high end stores , restaurant , hotel , nightclub and even bank and financial firm .
8	after the visit , the government allowed private bank to engage in the foreign exchange market .
16	virginia mutual building , also known as the virginia trust company building , is a historic bank building located in richmond , virginia .
16	sovrompetrol was followed by sovromtransport and tars ( transportation ) , and later by sovrombanc ( bank and commercial monopoly ) , sovromlemn ( wood processing ) , sovromgaz ( natural gas ) , sovromasigurare ( insurance ) , sovromcărbune ( coal exploitation in the jiu valley and other areas ) , sovromchim ( chemical industry ) , sovromconstrucţii ( construction materials ) , sovrommetal ( iron extraction around reşiţa ) , sovromtractor ( future tractorul , in braşov ) , sovromfilm ( importing soviet cinema productions ) , sovrom utilaj petrolier ( producing oil refining equipment ) and sovromnaval ( shipbuilding in constanţa , giurgiu , and brăila ) .
31	for the time being , the biggest share of these investments is concentrated in portugal where the angolan presence ( including that of the family of the state president ) in bank as well as in the domains of energy , telecommunications , and mass media has become notable , as has the acquisition of vineyards and orchards as well as of touristic enterprises .
9	he was assigned to the committee on insurance , bank and banking .
9	tier 1 capital is the core measure of a bank 's financial strength from a regulator 's point of view .
18	faculties faculty of economics and econometrics faculty of humanity faculty of business administration faculty of accounting faculty of bank and financing faculty of information technology notable alumni yumjaagiin tsedenbal , general secretary of the central committee of the mongolian people 's revolutionary party of mongolia ( 1974-1984 ) jigjidiin mönkhbat , 1968 summer olympics silver medalist in men 's freestyle middleweight wrestling student union the ife has a student union formed by students themselves .
4	various intermediaries such as bank and financial institutions can facilitate these transactions by financing the trade .
37	main street was the site of an active downtown into the 1970s , with many clothing stores , shoe stores , jewelers , jc penney , kresge's , woolworth's , drug stores , restaurant , theaters and bank .
16	before entering politics , she worked as a nurse and as a finance officer at a bank .
8	these notes were in various places issued by bank , merchants , wealthy individuals and associations , either as banknote , or circulating ious .
12	forms of income covered by the tfn rules include : interest from bank and similar institutions , from all account types , including term deposits .
12	john cunliffe pickersgill-cunliffe ( 1819 6 october 1873 ) was a british bank , who briefly served as member of parliament for bewdley in 1869 , representing the conservative party .
21	harvey andrew peltier , sr. ( october 20 , 1899 - november 12 , 1977 ) , was an attorney , bank , business , sugar grower , oil , champion horse breeder , and politician from thibodaux , louisiana , who was a campaign manager of governor and u.s . senator huey pierce long , jr . political life from 1924 to 1929 , peltier was a democratic member of the louisiana house of representatives from his native lafourche parish .
38	thus , the parliament at ottawa alone can pass laws relating to , amongst other things , the postal service , the census , the military , criminal law , navigation and shipping , fishing , currency , bank , weights and measures , bankruptcy , copyright , patent , first nations , and naturalization .
36	graduates of insea are expected to play a strategic role at various stages of the process of economic and social development , pursuing careers in the public sector , local communities and the private sector : bank companies ' insurance and large companies and national multinational .
4	banco ripley is a bank in chile .
14	rumson 's many old estates were built as summer homes for wealthy new york bank and industrialists .
1	a bank from temple in bell county , ferguson 's troubles began when he punitively used the line-item veto against the ut appropriations bill and attempted to dismiss unfavored faculty members .
9	biography born in barry , she worked in a bank .
16	a gift card is a restricted monetary equivalent or scrip that is issued by retailer or bank to be used as an alternative to a non-monetary gift .
10	some examples of commercial area buildings include the following : bank call centre chain store gas station grocery store movie theater office building ( where business transactions occur ) pharmacy restaurant shopping mall sports arena different kinds of commercial areas the neighborhood commercial 1 ( cn1 ) zone is intended for small sites in or near dense residential neighborhoods .
11	from 1771 until 1782 , his grandson thomas broadbent ran a bank from the building , having moved to page hall .
1	each bank or savings and loan organization in belarus , having the ability of deposit formation , should be registered in the adc .
13	knivsta has a small center , where there is a library , some bank , shop , restaurant , café and the knivsta railway station .
1	the bank initially leased its premises for hk$ 500 a month in 1864 .
16	the colony specifically issued an appeal for a '' good country newspaper , hardware store , bank , as well as farmers and other '' industrious people .
14	the precautions required for a home personal computer are very different for those of bank ' internet banking systems , and different again for a classified military network .
7	the road gradually turns east along the bank of the columbia river , exiting east wenatchee into farmland and passing pangborn memorial airport , the busiest section of the entire route with a daily average of 35,000 vehicles in 2011 .
18	on september 17 , 2008 , he publicly announced that he had ` robbed ' dozens of spanish bank of nearly half a million euros as part of a political action to denounce what he termed the predatory capitalist system .
41	headquartered in west covina , california , with branch offices in arcadia , california , eagle rock , los angeles , california , monterey park , california , orange , california , and rosemead , california , this privately held community bank was first established on november 17 , 1954 .
6	crédit mutuel is a major french bank , with headquarters in strasbourg , alsace .
20	the cheque and credit clearing company limited is a uk membership-based industry body whose 12 members are the uk clearing bank .
22	at that time , sbu also had the largest branch network in the country , accounting for about 18 % of the bank branches in uganda .
5	eaglebank ( ) is a bank in the washington , d.c. metropolitan area .
6	it is one of the leading bank in taiwan .
4	he is a former bank director and hospital board member .
17	the graduates of information-diagnostic systems institute have positions in telecommunication agencies , airline , state establishments , bank and financial organizations and also various business structures using local and global computer systems and networks which require complex object protection or guaranteed information security .
13	after leaving the presidential cabinet and his public life , he returned to bank , working in new york city .
8	gibraltar savings and loan association was an american bank operating in california , washington , and florida .
7	primary companies supervised by the authority are bank , insurance companies , credit companies , financing companies , pension fund , security companies , stock exchange , security registries , real estate agencies , debt collection agencies , accountant and auditors .
14	economy sottunga does not have many inhabitants and so the island has only one bank , one post office , one primary school and one healthcare center .
1	trained bank in turn offer microfinance loan and deposit services specially tailored to microenterprise clients .
20	( episode 4 ) raising the wind when trevor wo n't advance howard a small loan , he cons a bank manager into investing in an african diamond mine he claims to have discovered during a fictitious trip to africa .
6	in sparse forms businesses became numerous bank , exchanges , and joint venture .
5	slater walker was a british bank that got into financial difficulties in the 1970s and shook the british banking system at the time .
24	life after football / death after retiring , ciriaco continued living in eibar , and worked for several years in the banco guipuzcoano ( bank of gipuzkoa ) .
22	former mayor of dorval , quebec ; governor of montreal general hospital , and on the board of directors for the molson bank .
66	philippine welser , a member of the patrician welser banking family , and the wife of ferdinand ii , archduke of austria jakob fugger , of the fugger family johann hinrich gossler ( 1738 -- 90 ) , of the berenberg-gossler family banking families are families which have been involved in banking for multiple generations , in the modern era generally as owners or co-owners of bank , often named for their families .
10	banco nacional ultramarino ( ; ; ) was a portuguese bank with operations throughout the world , especially in portugal 's former overseas provinces .
1	the bank is also a major participant in the securities market and the foreign currency market in kazakhstan .
7	history josiah l. maxey , a gardiner bank who had recently financed construction of the kennebec central railroad , obtained legislative approval for consolidation of the sandy river railroad and rangeley railroad ( p & r ) on 10 march 1891 .
8	architect : henning larsen unibank was a danish bank , formed in 1990 by merging andelsbanken , sparekassen sds and privatbanken .
11	big five is the name colloquially given to the five largest bank that dominate the banking industry of canada .
28	a transactional account , known as a current account ( british english ) or checking account ( american english ) , is a deposit account held at a bank or other financial institution , for the purpose of securely and quickly providing frequent access to funds on demand , through a variety of different channels .
27	financial services are the economic services provided by the finance industry , which encompasses a broad range of organizations that manage money , including credit union , bank , credit card companies , insurance companies , accountancy companies , consumer finance companies , stock brokerages , investment funds , real estate funds and some government sponsored enterprise .
31	entry into state and party politics eventually becoming a kingsport and johnson city based real estate development and insurance company owner ( starting kingsport development company , inc. ) , and bank executive following world war ii , quillen also was elected as a republican member of the tennessee house of representatives in 1954 , serving four terms from a district in sullivan county .
7	coverage the service is offered by both bank and merchant in countries such as the united states , united kingdom , republic of ireland , belgium , germany , sweden , norway , canada , poland , the netherlands and australia because of the fee structures in use in these countries : the combination of these two factors means that the retailer can save money by offering the cashback service .
29	inspection services are provided for home buyer , home seller , commercial property investors / owners / tenants , real estate agents and attorney , employee relocation companies , bank , and field service companies .
9	he became a legal advisor for a state owned bank .
9	the history of banking begins with the first prototype bank of merchant of the ancient world , which made grain loans to farmers and traders who carried goods between cities .
9	the player controls stanley ipkiss , a mild mannered bank clerk who transforms into the namesake character after discovering a green loki mask .
21	if savings are stashed in or under a mattress , or otherwise not deposited into a financial intermediary such as a bank , there is no chance for those savings to be recycled as investment by business .
16	while they are commonly used for small parcels and documents -- including as cash carrier at bank or supermarket -- they were originally proposed in the early 19th century for transport of heavy freight .
0	bank may assist by providing various forms of support .
25	following the wall street panic , the government attempted to please foreign creditors by maintaining convertibility according to the money principles preached by the foreign bank and economist who set the terms for brazil 's relations with the world economy , despite lacking any support from a single major sector in brazilian society .
97	it saw innovations such as trading companies , big business , contract , bills of exchange , long-distance international trade , the first forms of partnership ( mufawada ) such as limited partnership ( mudaraba ) , and the earliest forms of credit , debt , profit , loss , capital ( al-mal ) , capital accumulation ( nama al-mal ) , circulating capital , capital expenditure , revenue , cheque , promissory note , trusts ( see waqf ) , startup companies , savings account , transactional account , pawning , loan , exchange rate , bank , money changer , ledger , deposits , assignments , the double-entry bookkeeping system , lawsuit , and agency institution .
9	j. dunn & co. , tenby was a welsh bank operating in the 19th century , with a branch located at tenby in pembrokeshire .
15	152 , june 27 , 1917 an overdraft occurs when money is withdrawn from a bank account and the available balance goes below zero .
3	the cbd offers bank , numerous little shopping malls , restaurants , and supermarkets .
12	she also helped design some of the first computer reservations system for bank .
2	it include bank , insurance companies , pension companies and other companies operating in the insurance sector , investment firms , fund management companies and the helsinki stock exchange .
20	the dining area was moved from the basement to street level in a space that was previously occupied by a bank , but had lain vacant for several years .
3	this was a bank that was established in , and operated in , carmarthenshire during the 19th century .