26	weapons the immortals were equipped with some of the finest weapons of their day , including spear , sword , mace , dagger , and cane bow .
16	arjuna abandoning gandiva after the kurukshetra war the gandiv ( iast : ; ) is the bow of arjuna , the hero of the hindu epic mahabharata .
4	the villu , a bow , the age-old weapon of warriors - paradoxically lends itself to be used as a primary musical instrument for the villu pattu artists .
9	another less common technique is bowfishing using a regular bow or a crossbow .
1	the bow was usually constructed with wood or steel , depending on the preference .
3	sharnga is the bow of the hindu god vishnu .
5	a woman figure with a bow - the tellervo of astuva - a rarity among the rock painting .
22	the game follows a rock-paper-scissors mechanism in which axe beat lance , lances beat sword , and swords beat axes ; the bow in the game is not a part of any weapon triangle , but is especially effective against flying units .
39	the idol has an old fashioned shaping , i.e. , the face cutting is of a longish pattern ; it has large eyes spread up to the ears and the four hands display conch , discus , shaft and bow respectively .
11	he supports the shield with his right hand and holds a bow over his left shoulder .
10	the general shape of the boat began in a narrow bow which spread back towards a wide stern , with the final shape at the rear being rectangular .
0	bow on the basis of witness evidence , the joint investigation team considered it unlikely that the fire was caused by the hot work ( welding ) that was being carried out as part of the renovation or by carelessly discarded smokers ' materials .
13	hydrodynamics hydrodynamics concerns the flow of water around the ship 's hull , bow , stern and over bodies such as propeller blades or rudder , or through thruster tunnels .
27	to minimize the risk of water ingestion , the engine air intakes are located on the forward fuselage section with spray fences on either side of the bow protecting the engines from water ingestion .
8	the explosion blew away the ship 's entire bow , and she sank in four minutes with no survivors .
2	at the bow resides a thwart to support the mast which passes through a hole in its center to the mast step mounted on the center line of the boat .
12	thomas tracy attempted to make an emergency turn to starboard but her bow soon plowed into valcour s starboard side , rupturing an aviation gasoline fuel tank .
9	the battered miztec dropped her anchors , swung her bow to the seas , and survived the storm .
15	they were equipped with four 18 inch ( 460 mm ) torpedo tubes at the bow , two on either beam and another pair in a swivel mounting on the superstructure for night use .
10	the british fired a warning shot across his ship 's bow , to which he responded with a full broadside .
29	in italian it is called either manico or tasto , the latter especially in the phrase sul tasto , a direction for bowed string instruments to play with the bow above the fingerboard .
1	her bow was crafted by françois tourte .
14	pentozali music is instrumental : the main tune is played by the pear-shaped , bow cretan lyre , to the accompaniment of a lute , played not in a melodic but in a percussive-like fashion .
1	a bow is pulled over the string/s ( made of horsetail ) , creating a dramatic and sharp sound , expressive and difficult to master .
9	sheeran sings and performs on a loop station , bow saw , melodica , accordion , flute , ukulele , and used a tc helicon voice live 2 to manipulate her vocals and create harmonies .
19	two concave c-bouts between each side 's corners form the waist of this figure , providing clearance for the bow .
4	ysaÿe also employed virtuoso bow and left hand techniques throughout , for he believed that '' at the present day the tools of violin mastery , of expression , technique , mechanism , are far more necessary than in days gone by .
4	hooke ran a violin bow along the edge of a plate covered with flour and saw the nodal patterns emerge .
8	for instance , it is clear that the bow is held underhand ( with the palm upwards ) , unlike the technique used for the modern cello or violin .
30	zithers are played by strumming or plucking the strings , either with the fingers ( sometimes using a tool called a plectrum ) , or sounding the strings with a bow .