0	apple has proposed and implemented a closure syntax for c that solves the upwards funarg problem by dynamically moving closures from the stack to the heap as necessary .
18	on may 15 , 2013 , '' say the same thing '' became the 50 billionth download in apple 's app store .
25	although most fonts do not include the interrobang , it has not disappeared : lucida grande , the default font for many ui elements of apple 's os x operating system , includes the interrobang , and microsoft provides several versions of the interrobang character as part of the wingdings 2 character set ( on the right bracket and tilde keys on us keyboard layouts ) available with microsoft office .
24	members official logo for the svg file format members of the svg working group include representatives from the following organizations : adobe systems inc. apple open text ( bitflash division ) canon , inc. ercim ericsson expway france telecom groupe des écoles des télécommunications ikivo ab ilog itedo software gmbh kddi corporation keio university microsoft mozilla opera software research in motion , ltd. ( rim ) sharp corporation sun microsystems inc. w3c has also invited several experts to collaborate with the working group .
2	on an apple macintosh server , options include itunes , ps3 media server , and elgato .
7	macgeneration trophy for the best integration of apple technologies 2005 , idive .
7	the motherboards and power supplies in the apple imac g5 and some emac were also affected .
18	an ssd can also be completely integrated in the other circuitry of the device , as in the apple macbook air ( starting with the fall 2010 model ) .
9	mike has produced and composed music in commercials for apple , sprint , visa and hidden valley ranch while working for the music house , in venice , ca .
31	the main plot of the south park episode humancentipad was that kyle did not read the terms of service for his last itunes update and therefore had inadvertently agreed to have apple employees experiment upon him .
18	the board of directors includes representatives from eleven '' promoter '' companies : amd , american megatrends , apple , dell , hp , ibm , insyde software , intel , lenovo , microsoft , and phoenix technologies .
20	the pc-bsd package management system aims to be similar to that of major operating systems such as microsoft windows and apple mac os x , where applications are installed from a single downloaded file with graphical prompts , rather than the traditional package management systems that many unix-like systems use .
31	four of its patents , now owned by allen 's interval licensing llc , are the subject of a patent infringement lawsuit interval licensing filed in august 2010 against aol , apple , ebay , facebook , google , netflix , office depot , officemax , staples , yahoo! , and youtube ( but not microsoft ) : : '' attention manager for occupying the peripheral attention of a person in the vicinity of a display device '' .
24	the original idea for canvas came from jorge miranda , one of the founders of deneba systems inc . of miami florida , for apple 's macintosh computers -- part of the wave of programs that made the desktop publishing revolution .
10	in the 2006-2007 school year , each student received an apple laptop computer for use at school and home ; these laptops are used on a daily basis in breck middle and upper school classrooms , and to a lesser degree in fourth-grade classrooms .
33	partnerships netapp has technology partnerships with a number of leading it vendors , such as bmc , brocade , cisco , citrix , microsoft , oracle corporation , sap ag , symantec , apple and vmware .
0	apple , google , ibm , mcdonald's , and microsoft are the world 's five most valuable brands in an index published by millward brown .
15	on june 30 , 2004 , the mozilla foundation , in partnership with adobe , apple , macromedia , opera , and sun microsystems , a series of changes to web browser plugins .
7	hub network also made a parody of apple 's - oriented app store , which included the phrase , '' there 's a pony for that .
22	previously , ms-dos and ibm compatibles were almost exclusively used in businesses , with the home computer market dominated by commodore , apple and atari .
22	← = = members = = members of the html working group include representatives from the following organizations : adobe systems inc. apple google , inc. hp microsoft mozilla opera software w3c has also invited several experts to collaborate with the working group including : robin berjon ( current editor for the html5 and dom4 specifications ) marcos cáceres ian devlin steve faulkner john foliot jeremy keith martin mcevoy janina sajka david sleight manu sporny oli studholme internal working system the htmlwg has members from a diverse community such as content provider , content authors and anyone interested in the work on html .
12	solid pdf to word for mac was released in april 2010 allowing apple users to manipulate documents out of pdf into word , excel , html , text , or iwork formats .
24	with the algorithm , bertenshaw and west developed pitch ` n time ; a plug-in for digidesign ( now avid ) pro tools and apple logic for timestretching and pitch-shifting .
20	these rely on media that are not owned by the data owner but by service provider such as google , apple , microsoft and facebook .
25	she has successfully taken on taoiseach enda kenny , addressed the united nations and discussed technology with massachusetts institute of technology ( mit ) and apple .
22	with regard to post-production , the university also has avid mentor status , and is the midlands ' accredited training center for apple 's final cut editing software .
27	the town center comprises retail outlets and a number of office buildings , including the main european offices of several international companies including canon , pricewaterhousecoopers , apple , wms gaming , unisys , kuehne + nagel , parexel , xerox , arri , bristol-myers squibb , monster energy , apl , herbalife europe and anixter international .
16	history former glam media logo mode media was founded as glam media in 2003 by former apple veteran and netobjects ceo samir arora together with a group of silicon valley veterans .
10	zoomsystems has partnered with companies such as best buy , apple , macy's , proactiv solution , procter & gamble and max wellness .
37	examples web browser usage ( as of 2012 ) on wikipedia project servers kde 's open-source khtml engine is used in kde 's konqueror web browser and was the basis for webkit , the rendering engine in apple 's safari and google 's chrome web browsers , which is now the most widely used browser engine according to statcounter .
6	well known for its cherry and apple orchard , the door peninsula is a popular tourism destination .
4	extant sections treat of apple , peach , quince , citron , almond , chestnut , parsnip , and various other edibles , with an emphasis on the medical effects they have on the body ( quoting dioscorides sometimes ) .
13	stanley is a small town approximately from beechworth in victoria noted for its apple & nut farms .
2	fruits include apple , cherries , cherimoya , peach , and pear .
23	boris red is an integrated 3d compositing , titling , and effects application that works with the adobe creative suite , avid , apple , grass valley , media 100 and sony editing systems .
32	meaning oven slipper ) is a kind of bread pudding which consist of stale white bread spiced with sugar , vanilla and cinnamon , which is layered in a casserole dish with apple , raisin and almond biscuits and then soaked in a cream-egg-mixture before being baked in the oven .
7	tentation ® delblush is a new commercial apple variety ( also known as delblush ) , that was created in france in 1979 by georges delbard as the result of a crossing of grifer ( blushing golden ) golden delicious .
6	production of cash crops such as apple , orange and cardamom have increased and have become profitable .
9	it also contains : a recipe entitled '' of apple with black skin and white flesh : to fill the stomach with greed unto death '' .
5	like that of the related apple , the pear fruit is a pome , in most wild species diameter , but in some cultivated forms up to long and broad ; the shape varies in most species from oblate or globose , to the classic pyriform ' pear-shape ' of the european pear with an elongated basal portion and a bulbous end .
16	in 1914 , the family moved to the rural community of bagdad , where they grew apple trees .
107	nordhordland district court : askøy , austevoll , austrheim , fedje , fjell , fusa , lindås , masfjorden , meland , modalen , os , osterøy , radøy , samnanger , sund , vaksdal , voss , øygarden and gulen sunnhordland district court : bømlo , etne , fitjar , kvinnherad , stord , sveio and tysnes bergen district court : the city of bergen hardanger district court : eidfjord , granvin , jondal , kvam , odda , ullensvang and ulvik hardanger is one of norway 's most important sources of fruit , providing approximately 40 % of the country 's fruit production , including apple , plum , pear , cherries , and redcurrant .
15	candy apples , also known as toffee apples outside of north america , are whole apple covered in a hard toffee or sugar candy coating , with a stick inserted as a handle .
10	fruit crops grown in vineland include cherries , peach , apple , strawberries and pear .
5	affected plants include onion , apple , pea , french bean , cherry and raspberry , and symptoms include yellowing of leaves with smallest leaf veins remaining green to produce a ` chequered ' effect .
9	the township 's economy is heavily agricultural , with apple and cherries two prominent crops .
24	the long grove area is now known for its historic downtown , its exclusive million dollar homes and the annual chocolate , strawberry and apple festivals that take place in may , june and october , respectively .
6	valenzano also makes fruit wine from apple , blueberries , cranberries , peach , plum , raspberries , and pumpkin , and mead from locally-produced honey .
16	they had words for concepts such as yoke , as well as fruit trees such as apple and pear that suggest agriculture was already well developed when the proto-language broke up .
4	orchard farming , particularly apple growing plays an important role , with 4.4 km ² of land devoted to orcharding .
14	orchards have an important part of global agricultural production is grown mainly district : apple , cherry , plum and more .
4	the larvae feed on apple , crataegus , cerasus , pyrus , armeniaca , persica and prunus species ( including prunus sargentii ) .
9	' ribston pippin ' is a triploid cultivar of apple , also known as ` essex pippin ' , ` beautiful pippin ' , ` formosa ' , ` glory of york ' , ` ribstone ' , ` rockhill 's russet ' and ` travers ' .
26	'' he starts off the class with passionfruit , but the whole class complains that they 've already done passionfruit , in addition to oranges , apple , grapefruit ( whole and segmented ) , pomegranate , greengage , grape , lemon , plum , mango in syrup , and cherries ( red and black ) .
10	more widespread fruit varieties grown in colombia include mango , apple , pear , blackberry , and strawberry .
36	the clip stars daisy lowe ( brunette ) and leah hibbert ( from shipwrecked battle of the islands ) she is the short haired blonde model and another unidentified blond model partaking in a variety of apple - related activities .
11	east peru is the birthplace of the red delicious cultivar of apple .
24	original version the original formulation contained 106 mg of caffeine , 33 g of sugar , fruit of the açaí palm , 68 % apple juice , 5 % lemon juice , carbonated water , fructose and malt extract and trace quantities of guarana and ginseng , per 250 ml can .
8	also loaded aboard the boxcar were barrel of apple , blocks of ice cut from frozen ponds , granite from quarries , and tins of corn packed at a canning factory .
7	modern bakeries offer cheese and spinach , apple , sour cherries , potato , mushroom , and pizza-burek as well .