27	'' personnel axl rose -- lead vocals , backing vocals , production slash -- lead guitar , acoustic guitar , slide guitar , production duff mckagan -- bass , backing vocals , production matt sorum -- drums , production alice cooper -- lead vocals shannon hoon -- backing vocals west arkeen -- acoustic guitar '' garden of eden '' according to slash , the song , which appears as track 12 , was written while the band was rehearsing for an extended period of time in chicago .
39	'' track listing reception credits ; musicians michael kiske - vocals amanda somerville - vocals magnus karlsson - lead and rhythm guitar , keyboards , additional production sander gommans - lead guitar jimmy kresic - keyboards mat sinner - bass , backing vocals , producer martin schmidt - drums ramy ali - drums recorded at stuntguitar studios , audiospezialist studios , level 10 , liquid home studio and hdk studios achim kohler - mixing and mastering at indiscreet studios .
42	members current members reagan jones - vocals , songwriting , keyboards andrew sega - keyboards , guitar , programming , production former members matthew morris - keyboards , programming , production additional touring members ned kirby ( stromkern ) - keyboards , bass brian pearson - guitars blitz carthey - drums discography studio albums disconnect ( 1999 ) awakening ( 2003 ) wrath ( 2005 ) blacklight ( 2010 ) radiant ( 2014 ) other albums reconnect ( 2003 ) - remix album , accompaniment to disconnect .
45	final members ( 1986 - 2009 ) : bjørn jensen alias '' bertel '' -- guitar and vocals ( founding member ) , jarle farestveit alias '' hallstein '' -- accordion and vocals ( founding member ) , gunnar låstad alias '' ruball '' -- bass and vocals , arild totland alias '' belbert '' -- drums and vocals , øyvind østerbø alias '' øyvind '' -- guitar and vocals , gunnar polden -- light and sound technichan .
34	lemmy was brought on board to play the kill master after schafer and his team had developed the character 's role in the story who assists eddie by healing his allies through a giant bass harp on the back of a chopper .
12	the 2007 line-up consists of roberts on vocals , dan brown on bass ( formerly of ilya ) , childs ( vocals/tambourines/producer / arranger ) , dan moore ( keyboards -- has played with cousteau , fred wesley , and roni size ) , and jock ( drum -- an illustrator for dc comics ) .
31	the members at this time consisted of carey bennett ( rhythm guitar ) , brett oliver ( lead guitar ) , matt harper ( drums ) , and chris comeau ( bass ) .
12	each member was a multi-instrumentalist and they shared duties on guitar , bass , percussion , keyboards .
20	teofil nelu peter ( april 11 , 1954 -- december 4 , 2004 ) was a romania rock musician and bass player for compact .
11	music finch began her musical career in the mid 1980s playing bass in the san francisco - based all-female band called sugar baby doll ( or variously , sugar babylon ) .
8	these people 's folk music consisted of bowed bass , fiddle and sometimes a clarinet , with the later additions of drum , accordion and guitar .
16	'' as well as carter , the band featured two saxophone , trumpet , piano , bass and drum .
11	her second marriage was in december 1947 , to the famous bass player ray brown , whom she had met while on tour with dizzy gillespie 's band a year earlier .
20	'' additionally , thom bennet ( drums ) , rod olstad ( vocals and violin ) , taras zakordonski ( bass ) , and maria cherwick ( violin ) worked on '' big beet music .
16	trio : harry connick , jr. ( vocals , piano ) ; benjamin jonah wolfe ( bass ) ; shannon powell ( drums ) .
3	he switched to bass in 1932 , remaining with lunceford 's orchestra until 1942 .
32	track listing all songs written by tommy flanagan except as indicated personnel idrees sulieman -- trumpet john coltrane -- tenor saxophone tommy flanagan -- piano kenny burrell -- guitar doug watkins -- bass louis hayes -- drums on '' how long has this been going on '' sulieman , coltrane and burrell are pausing .
12	sebastian steinberg ( born february 20 , 1959 ) is an american bass player , best known for his work in the band soul coughing .
24	he plays various string instruments such as acoustic and classic guitar , indian sarod , persia tar , turkish jumbush , moroccan ginberi and bass .
43	in 1989 , what became the final jazz messengers lineup was established : brian lynch on trumpet , javon jackson and dale barlow on tenors , steve davis and/or frank lacy on trombone , geoff keezer on piano and essiet okon essiet on bass .
3	49 , for bass , 1882 -- 1897 four songs , op .
10	his 1933 english-language recording , with his countryman the acclaimed bass malcolm mceachern , of '' the gendarmes ' duet '' from offenbach 's opera geneviève de brabant is an enduring classic of the gramophone .
16	from these derive both the modern terms '' alto '' ( and contralto ) and '' bass '' .
19	tenor in choral music in four-part mixed chorus , the tenor is the second lowest voice , above the bass and below the soprano and alto .
19	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , cornett , trombone , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
12	it is scored for piano , two male voices ( tenor and bass ) and three female voices ( 2 soprano , 1 mezzo-soprano ) the comic plot revolves around a young girl , emma , and her harried father who proclaims his disbelief in santa claus and talking snowmen .
28	johann ignaz ludwig fischer ( c. 18 august 1745 -- 10 july 1825 ) , commonly called ludwig fischer , was a german opera singer , a notable bass of his time .
19	brothers lodovico graziani 's three brothers who became professional singers were : giuseppe ( 1819 1905 ) , a bass ; francesco ( 1828 1901 ) , a baritone ; and vincenzo ( 1836 1906 ) , also a baritone .
15	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for three soloists -- soprano , tenor and bass -- a four-part choir , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , viola d'amore and basso continuo .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , trumpet , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .