4	charlie haden plays wah-wah bass on the title track , while frank lowe 's tenor evokes a blues influence .
33	a sintir , or guimbri , being played by nuru kane the sintir ( ) , also known as the guembri ( ) , gimbri or hejhouj , is a three stringed skin-covered bass plucked lute used by the gnawa people .
7	bud powell -- piano ray brown -- bass buddy rich -- drums february 1951 , new york , tracks 5 -- 12 .
11	andreas pruys ( born in kleve ) is a german classical bass singer .
23	he was a choir boy at st john 's church , perry barr , and became interested in the guitar , then the bass .
17	personnel barry gibb - lead vocals , guitar robin gibb - vocals maurice gibb - vocals , bass blue weaver - keyboards , synthesiser , piano dennis bryon - drums joe lala - percussion cover versions also the song was recorded by the rare earth and originally written by the bee gees for it .
13	scoring this cantata is written for soprano , alto , tenor , and bass soloists , four-part chorus , three trumpets , three oboe , oboe d'amore , oboe da caccia , two transverse flute , bassoon , two violins , viola , timpani , and continuo .
32	since its inception in 2000 , the band 's line-up has consisted of gabby alipe ( vocals , guitar ) , john dinopol ( guitar , vocals ) , and lalay ( bass , vocals ) .
9	additional musicians utilized were curve 's dean garcia ( bass ) and steve monti ( drums ) , ian dury and the blockheads ' merlin rhys-jones ( guitar ) , and miranda sex garden 's hepzibah sessa ( violin ) .
51	track listing line-up dave brockie ( oderus urungus ) - lead vocals dewey rowell ( flattus maximus ) - lead and rhythm guitar , backing vocals steve douglas ( balsac the jaws of death ) - lead and rhythm guitar , backing vocals michael bishop ( beefcake the mighty ) - bass , backing vocals rob mosby ( nippleus erectus ) - drums don drakulich ( techno destructo ) - lead vocals on '' techno 's song '' miscellaneous when the beginning of the song '' öllie north '' is played backwards , the actual beginning of the song happens to be a slurred rendition of a part of the bridge to careless whisper .
14	on april 13 , 2009 , the band announced that aj drums and eric bass would be leaving the band in order to spend more time with their families and other responsibilities .
13	'' track listing performers chris mccaughan - guitar , vocals brendan kelly - bass , vocals neil hennessy - drums album information record label : fat wreck chords recorded , mixed and produced september-october 2001 at atlas studios in andersonville , chicago by matt allison paintings and sketches by josh marshall type design and layout by david holtz additional art and layout by the lawrence arms and kate mccaughan pseudonyms in the album 's liner notes , the band members identify themselves under the false names clarence darrow , lehigh acres , and weekawken hennessy .
24	in addition to several minor roles , the opera requires a boys ' choir and a '' choir of judges '' who all sing bass .
36	the band is composed of frank pino , jr. ( lead vocals ) , dave pino ( lead guitar and vocals ) , tony monaco ( rhythm guitar ) , david '' jones '' illsley ( bass and vocals ) and darryl grant ( drums and vocals ) .
40	in 1942 , in the absence of the station 's owner and announcer sam anderson , he also began reading commercials on the station 's 15-minute slot sponsored by the king biscuit flour company , and began learning to play bass .
20	structure and scoring the cantata in seven movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , corno da tirarsi , a slide horn that bach scored for a short period , flauto traverso , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
23	hal are a band from dublin , ireland composed of brothers dave allen ( vocals / guitar ) paul allen ( vocals / bass ) and stephen o'brien ( keyboards , occasional guitars and backing vocals ) ( drum ) , who formed in 2003 .
37	the group was the most commercially successful of the acoustic era , and at the peak of their popularity , between about 1911 and 1917 , also featured tenor henry burr , baritone arthur collins , and bass john meyer .
27	the members of the band use stage name and are : angelina galactique ( backing vocals , flute , keyboards , melodica ) , tommy glorioso ( bass ) , jim goldworth ( lead vocals , electric and acoustic guitar ) , kingo ( drum and percussion ) and mickey maniac ( backing vocals , guitar , melodica ) .
10	personnel phil ehart - percussion , drums dave hope - bass kerry livgren - guitar , keyboard robby steinhardt - violin , backing vocals , lead vocals on '' bringing it back '' and '' down the road .
21	harry mcgilberry ( january 19 , 1950 april 3 , 2006 ) was an american b and soul singer and latter-day bass singer for the temptations between 1995 and 2003 .
36	other members at various times included eric altman ( drum , played drums live and on all jimmy george recordings ) , christine chesser ( fiddle , vocals - chickpea ) , and vitas paukstitis ( bass ) .
16	credits roger miret -- vocals , guitar rhys kill -- guitar , vocals brian darwas -- bass , vocals luke rota -- drum al barr -- guest vocals on '' once were warriors '' lars frederiksen -- guest vocals on '' roots rockin ' roll '' patricia day -- guest vocals on '' r.f.f.r. '' kim nekroman -- guitar on '' r.f.f.r. '' vic ruggiero -- piano on '' warning !
57	track listing ; digital download -- '' non me lo so spiegare '' ( 2004 ) personnel ; music credits michele canova -- arrangements , rhythmic programming , keyboards leonardo di angilla -- percussions tiziano ferro -- vocals , composer andrea fontana -- drums cristian rigano -- rhodes piano , acoustic piano , keyboards pino saracini -- bass davide tagliapietra -- guitars ; production credits michele canova -- prudcer , engineer , mixing sandro franchin -- additional engineer mara maionchi -- producer alberto salerno -- producer charts laura pausini cover laura pausini recorded the song as a duet with tiziano ferro for her 2006 's album io canto .
65	; side one personnel per liner notes sonny boy williamson -- vocals , harmonica muddy waters -- guitar on '' do n't start me to talkin ' '' and '' all my love in vain '' jimmy rogers -- guitar on '' do n't start me to talkin ' '' and '' all my love in vain '' otis spann -- piano willie dixon -- bass fred below -- drum robert lockwood , jr . -- guitar luther tucker -- guitar lafayette leake -- piano on '' wake up baby '' and '' your funeral and my trial '' eugene pierson -- guitar on '' wake up baby '' and '' your funeral and my trial '' charts down and out blues peaked at # 20 on the uk albums chart .
27	the original lineup for the band included prem panicker on the drums , grant umeda on the guitar and piano , sameer sharma on the guitar and bass , and jason park singing the lead vocals .
22	the nucleus of the band were andy o ( overall ) on vocals , tim parry on guitar , mike ansell on bass and mickey sparrow on drum .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , bass ) , a four-part choir , trumpet , flauto traverso , oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
5	'' personnel sascha konietzko -- bass , vocals , guitar , synths , programming en esch -- vocals , guitars , drums , programming raymond watts -- vocals ( '' no meat -- no man '' , '' do n't blow your top '' , '' disgust '' ) , programming ( '' no meat -- no man '' , '' do n't blow your top '' , '' disgust '' ) jr. .
23	however , during the mediaeval period among ashkenazi jews there developed the tradition of the hazzan being accompanied for certain prayers by a bass voice ( known in yiddish as singer ) and a descant ( in yiddish , meshorrer ) .
20	the current touring line up as of 2013 is alix kol ( violin , vocals ) ; mitch mclennan ( bass ) , andy davis ( drums ) and emma baker ( cello ) .
46	track listings ; cd single - france ; cd single - usa ; cd maxi single - europe personnel joan osborne -- vocals , percussion , acoustic guitar eric bazilian -- guitar , mandolin , chant , saxophone , harmonica , electric piano mark egan -- bass rob hyman -- piano , organ , synthesizer , mellotron , backing vocals , drum andy kravitz -- drums , percussion accolades , chart performances and sales the song received grammy nominations in 1996 for best female pop vocal performance , record of the year , and song of the year .
14	however , in its fullest form the omnibus progression involves a descent in the bass which traverses a whole octave and includes every note of the chromatic scale .
5	at eighteen he discovered the bass , and formed '' manhattan '' , a light jazz band , and then '' ruido blanco '' with journalist and musician oscar sarquiz , who introduced sabo to guillermo briseño , ( musician , poet ) and ricardo ochoa ( musician and producer ) starting the recording and production of many records and many tours in the mid-1980s .
22	track listing all tracks by lizzy borden except were noted personnel lizzy borden - vocals alex nelson - guitar marten andersson - bass joey scott - drums additional personnel elliott solomon played all keyboards .
23	yevgeny nesterenko ( 2008 ) yevgeny yevgenievich nesterenko ( евгений евгеньевич нестеренко , born 8 january 1938 ) is a renowned russian opera bass .
16	he also traveled with conductor alexander peloquin and the boston college chorale , singing as a bass , baritone , and tenor .
7	personnel paul mccartney -- lead vocal , bass , piano george harrison -- backing vocal , lead guitar john lennon -- backing vocal ringo starr -- drum , tambourine mal evans -- hammond organ macdonald commented that starr added an overdubbed hi-hat part in addition to the hi-hat part played in the basic rhythm track , and that evans 's organ part was a single a note held throughout the final verse and chorus .
34	lemmy was brought on board to play the kill master after schafer and his team had developed the character 's role in the story who assists eddie by healing his allies through a giant bass harp on the back of a chopper .
18	the part the clavinet plays has to fit with the part the drums play and the line the bass plays and the line that the guitar plays .
21	he sings both back-up and lead vocals , and plays electric and acoustic guitar , as well as the piano , bass and the synth .
25	title the title might come from the lines : personnel van morrison - vocals john tropea - guitar jef labes - piano joe macho - bass allan schwartzberg - drums other releases a live performance of this song is featured on the 1974 disc of morrison 's 2006 issued dvd , live at montreux 1980/1974 .
1	personnel bass -- munja mitić drums -- šeki gayton rhythm ) -- sejo sexon guitar ( solo ) -- mujo snažni lead vocals -- dr. nele karajlić organ , keyboards -- seid mali karajlić saxophone , flute -- ogi gajić rerelease the album was re-released in 1999 by nimfa sound label from sarajevo .
37	this is the most common kind of written music used by professional session musician playing jazz or other forms of popular music and is intended primarily for the rhythm section ( usually containing piano , guitar , bass and drum ) .
22	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , cornett to double the chorale melody , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir only in the chorale , two oboe , two violin , viola , violoncello piccolo and basso continuo .
16	members yasuko onuki -- vocals ichirou agata -- guitar , effects former members rika hamamoto -- bass drummers melt-banana does not currently have an official drummer .
29	track listing 2-track single maxi single 12 '' picture disc chart performance credits and personnel additional production by justin spier and mat jackson all instrument by matt prime additional bass : guy pratt recorded at stanley house in 2006 credits adapted from the liner notes of trip the light fantastic , interscope records .
3	tony levin -- bass on tracks 3 and 5 .
44	to address this problem , mcguinn hired hillman 's cousin , kevin kelley ( formerly a member of the rising sons ) , as the band 's new drummer , and it was this three-piece line-up , with mcguinn on guitar and hillman on bass , that embarked on the early 1968 college tour .
10	track listing personnel tim may : guitars andy muson : bass denny seiwell : drums louis st. louis : keyboards michael gibson : orchestrations reception billboard magazine listed the album among its '' top album picks '' , meaning that the album was predicted to reach the top half of the album chart .
19	track listings personnel tarja turunen vocals tuomas holopainen keyboard and piano emppu vuorinen guitar jukka nevalainen drums marco hietala bass , vocals london philharmonic orchestra - orchestra and chorus video directed by uwe boll , '' wish i had an angel '' was the last video from once and it features some scenes from the 2005 movie alone in the dark , also directed by boll .
16	in the play and the series , george manghan , a middle aged , debt ridden bass player in a jazz band , falls in love with the wealthy and much younger blonde singer terry , much to the distress of her father .
16	the work is scored for five vocal parts , two soprano , alto , tenor and bass , and an orchestra of three trumpets , timpani , corno da caccia , two flauti traversi , two oboes , two oboes d'amore , two bassoons , two violins , viola , and basso continuo .
14	in the summer of 1975 he was hired as bandleader , opening act and bass player in bob dylan 's band .
20	when the trio were rags , price ( then known as wesley the stash ) played guitar , aylward played bass , and austin ( then known as napoleon lemens ) played drums .
14	members dave chandler - guitar , vocals ( saint vitus ) ron holzner - bass ( trouble , place of skulls , novembers doom ) jimmy bower - drum ( superjoint ritual , eyehategod , down ) discography albums debris inc. .
16	track listing personnel the speaking canaries : damon che - guitar , vocals , drums , bass , percussion , glockenspiel , recording engineer noah leger - drums on half ( lower in the mix will be a sure indication .
38	jubilate agno in music the text of jubilate agno is the source for rejoice in the lamb , a festival cantata composed by benjamin britten in 1943 for four soloists , a soprano , alto , tenor and bass choir , and organ .
12	the recording featured the moonglows on backing vocals , willie dixon on bass , jody williams on guitar , along with bo diddley , clifton james on drums , jerome green playing the maraca , and little willie smith on harmonica .
11	verdi composed a setting for four unaccompanied voices , with the bass singing the scale first , followed by alto , tenor and soprano , whereas the three remaining voices supply harmonic texture .
34	late in 1986 , the original members parted ways , creating a void until dave coutts , mark templin & steve coutts brought in lisa marie presley 's first husband danny keough to play bass .
44	although the band has experienced several line-up changes , for most of its recording career shadows fall has been composed of brian fair ( vocals ) , jonathan donais ( lead guitar ) , matt bachand ( rhythm guitar ) , paul romanko ( bass ) , and jason bittner ( drums ) .
10	track listing personnel john cafiero -- vocals jerry only -- bass dez cadena -- lead guitar ivan julian -- rhythm guitar marky ramone -- drum cover songs among the songs on the album are cover version of the title tracks from anime series astro boy and sailor moon , and the rossano brazzi film the christmas that almost was n't .
3	ray brown -- bass ( except track 4 -- powell solo ) max roach -- drums ( except track 4 -- powell solo ) february 1950 , disc 1 , tracks 7-13 .
13	in 1970 , dave torbert replaced phil lesh as the new riders ' bass player , and spencer dryden replaced mickey hart on drums .
32	after entering the manhattan 's pyramid studios to record what would become their debut album , former hot rod circuit member and o'toole 's childhood friend joe ballaro joined the band on bass .
21	tyler dianocky ( guitar ) , dan davidson ( guitar ) , greg williamson ( drums ) and steve vincent ( bass ) first played together in a folk music band for paying shows before meeting matt landry ( vocals ) through mutual friends , after watching him perform solo .
15	the current frankenbok line-up consists of aaron butler ( guitar ) , tim miedecke ( bass and backing vocals ) , mick morley ( drums ) , dan mcdougall ( vocals ) and nathan ` yeti ' amatnieks ( guitar ) .
18	track listing personnel napalm death mark greenway -- vocals mitch harris -- guitar , vocals shane embury -- bass , vocals danny herrera -- drums production napalm death -- arrangement , production russ russell -- production , engineering , mixing , mastering mick kenney -- outside illustration kevin sharp -- inside illustration carsten drescher -- layout hugo chevalier -- band photo ( herrera ) ccphotoart .
18	roles dryada ( contralto ) graf gerold ( tenor ) guntram von bornhofen ( baritone ) ratto ( bass ) rheingraf boland von sternberg ( baritone ) silvana ( soprano ) recordings complete recording of the opera , conducted by gerhard markson ( on the marco polo label ) .
51	history the band was formed in 1987 by andy maconald ( aka '' dr. technology '' , guitar ) , p6 ( aka '' fat bastard '' , '' wilberforce '' , real name phil eaglesham , vocals ) , with the line-up completed by mofungo diggs ( steven macdougall , bass ) and richie dempsey ( drums ) .
7	living loud was a recording project featuring bass player and songwriter bob daisley , uriah heep drummer lee kerslake , guitar steve morse of deep purple and cold chisel singer jimmy barnes .
40	the band consists of kelly hoppe ( lead vocals , harmonica , saxophone , rhythm guitar ) , greg cox ( guitar , mandolin , banjo , vocals ) , luke pelotte ( drums ) , and josh zalev ( bass , vocals ) .
42	acoustically , the choice of a clarinet , violin , and piano is characteristic in that most chamber music ( and most music in general ) contains high ( soprano ) , mid-range ( alto / tenor ) , and low ( bass / baritone ) parts .
24	certified gold by the canadian recording industry association track listing personnel kim mitchell -- guitar and vocals gary mccracken -- drums dave myles -- bass pye dubois -- lyrics this album was released internationally on the mercury/polygram records label outside of canada .
44	members line-up before band break-up qualcast '' koffee perkulator '' mutilator ( pete lee ) - vocals concorde faceripper ( steve nesfield ) - guitar schizo rotary sprintmaster ( gavin ` paddy ' o'malley ) - guitar mightymo destructimo ( chris parkes ) - bass explodin ' dr jaggers flymo ( chris flint ) - drums former members ( as lawnmower deth ) baron kev von thresh meister silo stench chisel '' is it time for my dinner yet ?
41	concert the lineup of the grateful dead for this concert -- and for all their concerts from july 1972 to october 1974 -- was jerry garcia on guitar and vocals , bob weir on guitar and vocals , phil lesh on bass and vocals , keith godchaux on keyboards , donna jean godchaux on vocals , and bill kreutzmann on drums .
44	the line-up included former wizzard and move member rick price ( pedal steel guitar ) , alongside bob wilson ( trombone ) , billy paul ( alto and baritone saxes ) , paul robbins ( keyboard , backing vocals ) , graham gallery ( bass ) , and dave donovan ( drum ) .
30	mario petri on stage ( 1955 ) mario petri ( january 21 , 1922 , perugia - january 26 , 1985 , città della pieve ) was an italian operatic bass particularly associated with mozart and rossini roles .
39	critical reception brian wahlert of country standard time criticized some of the songs on 4 runner for '' cop ( ying ) the worst pop elements '' of the oak ridge boys , but said that the presence of bass singer jim chapman gave the material a '' fresh sound .
7	with the interplay of two guitars , bass , cello , and more prominent female vocals , scrabbling at the lock marked a turn toward melodic song structures that incorporated elements of free improvisation in the ex 's music .
23	formed in 1998 , the black seeds perform with eight members , with instruments including vocals , guitar , saxophone , trumpet , bass , drums , bongos , keyboard and wood block .
27	music video the music video was directed by jonas åkerlund and is a performance-based music video , the first to feature melissa auf der maur , playing bass with the band after the departure of d'arcy wretzky .
31	the album was recorded in stereo quadraphonic sound and featured guest performances by members of the grateful dead , including jerry garcia playing treated guitar and phil lesh playing electronic alembic bass .
17	morris '' b.b. '' dickerson ( born 3 august 1949 , torrance , california ) was the bass player for the 1970s latin -- funk group war , and before that the creators .
20	the track begins with an intro with a lead guitar melody , which plays twice , accompanied by drums , bass , distorted rhythm guitar and saxophone .
40	formed in 1993 at new york university featuring chris leo ( formerly of native nod and brother of ted leo ) on vocals and guitar , brian maryansky on guitar , toko yasuda ( formerly of blonde redhead ) on bass , and neil o'brien on drums .
52	the squirrel nut zippers are an american band formed in 1993 in chapel hill , north carolina , united states , by james '' jimbo '' mathus ( vocal and guitar ) , katharine whalen ( vocals , banjo , and ukulele ) , chris phillips on drums , don raleigh on bass and sideman ken mosher .
14	it features cameo appearances by saadiq , who appears at the beginning playing the bass , and cohen , who is shown at the end doing a mural of stone 's face ( reminiscent of her face on the cover of 2004 's mind body & soul ) .
27	after jones 's death , they adopted the name atomic rooster ( with influence from the us band rhinoceros ) , and soon recruited nick graham on bass and vocals .
29	kim fowley brings ann boleyn to hollywood in 1976 , while still a teenager in high school , producer kim fowley recruited her to join the runaways as the bass player .
59	'' track listing ; side one ; side two personnel the doobie brothers tom johnston -- guitar , lead vocals on '' turn it loose '' and vocal on '' wheels of fortune '' patrick simmons -- guitar , vocals jeff '' skunk '' baxter -- guitar , steel guitar michael mcdonald -- keyboards , vocals tiran porter -- bass , vocals , lead vocal on '' for someone special '' john hartman -- drums keith knudsen -- drums , vocals johnston rejoined the band late in the sessions and thus does not appear on most of the album .
39	through his tumblr , kid cudi also unveiled the production credits for '' no one believes me '' and revealed that he was on guitar and accompanied dot da genius on drums , while dot da genius solely handled bass and piano .
19	members shane hicks - vocals , and guitar andrew walter - drums jed a. walters - keys , and bass joined mid 2010 past member - rick demarco - drums discography abused blues ep ( jan - 2006 ) sweet misery ( plus one records , p1-18 , 8 november 2008 ) in stereo ( plus one records , p1-32 , june 2011 ) the depths ( march 2013 ) critical reception 2013 bio : the depths is the third album by brisbane based australian band , the blackwater fever .
17	suhr guitars ( officially js technologies inc ) is an american company that manufactures electric guitar and bass , guitar amplifier , and effect units .
2	leigh marklew bass - born 10 august 1968 , bradford .
15	its members , the guitarist dino cazares , jello biafra , drummer pat hoed , bass guitarist billy gould and vocalist juan brujo , used pseudonyms as most were in other known bands .
11	performers hacia dos veranos ignacio aguiló : guitar diego martínez : bass julia bayse : flute , keyboards andrés edelstein : drums others musicians ignacio gabriel : farfisa keyboard on tracks maleficio , de los valles y volcanes and verano .
10	the greatest of faure 's french heirs were the lyric bass pol plançon ( 1851-1914 ) -- who modelled his vocal method directly on that of faure -- and jean lassalle ( 1847-1909 ) , who succeeded faure as principal baritone at the paris opera .
24	( pentangle drummer terry cox added drums on the october 8 sessions ) personnel barry gibb - lead vocal , guitar maurice gibb - bass , piano , organ , guitar , backing vocal terry cox - drums chart performance cover versions in the early 1970s , spanish band los mustang did a cover version called '' aio , aio ( que se mueran los feos ) '' .
36	vic bondi ( articles of faith ) recording a live album in germany ( 1992 ) personnel articles of faith ( band ) vic bondi - guitar , vocals joe scudari - guitar dave shield - bass , vocals dorian taskbasksh - guitar virus x - drum tobby holzinger - producer liner notes by vic bondi this is the last recording of articles of faith ( band ) .
10	the lineup was filled by rhythm members mark levin on bass and jim cavanaugh on drums , and wanderlust was formed .
13	the following track , '' enjoy '' , is composed by piano and bass .
6	it was the first album without bass jason harris , who had been replaced by peter nice ( better known as '' nelson '' ) .
13	richard anthony sterban ( born april 24 , 1943 ) is an american bass singer born in camden , new jersey , who joined the country and gospel quartet the oak ridge boys in 1972 .
30	band members david james foster - vocals & guitar ( 2009 -- present ) adam beddow - guitar & backing vocals ( 2009 -- present ) jamie c. weate - bass & backing vocals ( 2009 -- present ) daniel taylor - drums ( 2009 -- present ) formation and ` declaration of independence ep ' no americana formed in early 2009 .
14	credits and personnel ; personnel madonna -- vocals , background vocals bernard edwards -- bass brenda king -- background vocals curtis king -- background vocals lenny pickett -- saxophone nile rodgers -- guitar , synclavier robert sabino -- synthesizer nathaniel s. hardy , jr . -- synthesizer frank simms -- background vocals george simms -- background vocals dave weckl -- drums tony thompson -- drums ; design jeri mcmanus -- art direction , design jeffrey kent ayer -- art direction , design steven meisel -- photography maripol -- stylist ; production madonna -- producer stephen bray -- producer nile rodgers -- producer jason corsaro -- engineer budd tunick -- production manager bob ludwig -- audio mastering jimmy bralower -- drum programming ; record company sire records -- record label , u.s. copyright owner ( 1984 , 1985 ) warner bros. .
22	chris warlow ( vocals / guitar / synthesizer ) cez mathias ( vocals / guitar / drum machine ) fudge wilson ( bass ) .
14	it is scored for a satb choir and organ , and features solos for bass and tenor .
14	personnel john lennon - vocals , piano nicky hopkins - piano klaus voormann - bass john barham - vibraphone alan white - drums the flux fiddlers - strings covers the song was covered by the band stereophonics as a b-side to the song '' handbags and gladrags '' .
38	members rick driscoll -- vocals , guitar , born 1 may 1957 , enfield , middlesex , yan style ( born ian stile ) -- guitar , born 16 january 1955 , enfield , middlesex chris redburn -- bass , born 14 march 1956 , enfield , middlesex chris lacklison -- keyboards , born 15 october 1956 , london andy walton -- drums , born 1 october 1956 , enfield , middlesex discography singles 1973 '' heart of stone '' - reached number 11 in the uk charts , sung by tony kenny .
18	personnel jon bon jovi lead vocals , guitar richie sambora guitar , backing vocals , talkbox hugh mcdonald bass , backing vocals tico torres drums david bryan keyboards , backing vocals tour dates box office score data from the 19 shows reported from billboard , the one wild night tour grossed a total of $ 17,143,241 with a total attendance of 391,321 .
12	kelly co-founded kingfish in 1973 with new riders of the purple sage bass player dave torbert and fellow san francisco bay area musicians robbie hoddinott , chris herold , and mick ward .
33	'' track listing all songs written by matt thiessen side a side b credits matt thiessen -- lead vocals , guitar , piano matt hoopes -- guitar , backing vocals brian pittman -- bass dave douglas -- drums , backing vocals ( drums on '' we 're nothing without you only ) brett schoneman - drums ( all but '' we 're nothing without you '' ) the credits in the booklet of the bird and the bee sides showed that philmore drummer and former relient k fill in drummer , brett schoneman , played drums on every song of this ep except '' we 're nothing without you '' .
45	from the information provided in the liner notes of the original release slippery when ill it can be deduced that the performers on the first eight tracks of country tunes are dave quackenbush on vocals , jan nils ackermann on guitar , robbie allen on bass , and joe escalante on drums .
29	2nd era ( 1989-1999 ) the second leg of the tour was made into an aptly titled vhs , '' pirata tour '' , and featured roberto terzani on bass , daniele trambusti on drums and candelo cabezas on percussions besides pelù , renzulli and aiazzi .
34	since its inception , the band has comprised singers jānis šipkēvics , andris sējāns ( both countertenor ) , juris lisenko ( tenor ) , jānis ozols ( baritone ) , jānis strazdiņš ( bass ) and reinis sējāns ( rhythm ) .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo : music as with many works of georg philipp telemann , but rare in bach 's cantatas , the bible quotation is split in two movements , a duet and a chorus which follows immediately in a different time and faster tempo .
29	the lineup consists of rebecca frazier ( née hoggan ) on guitar , john frazier on mandolin and occasionally fiddle , kyle tuttle on banjo , royal masat on bass , and shad cobb on fiddle .
36	the group 's career the feminine complex consisted of mindy dalton on guitar and vocals , judi griffith on tambourine and vocals , lana napier on drums , pame stephens on keyboards and jean williams on bass .
3	the narrator ( bass solo ) : '' now in each nation there were some cast out '' 5 .
36	recordings esterházy : harmonia caelestis -- mária zádori , márta fers ( soprano ) , katalin gémes ( mezzo-soprano ) , katalin károlyi ( contralto ) , gábor kállay ( tenor ) , józsef moldvay ( bass ) ; savaria vocal ensemble , capella savaria , conducted by pál németh .
21	since its inception , the band 's line-up has included founders : vocals / guitar graham boostrom , and vocals / bass ray delgado .
9	on the album chrisye provided vocals and played the bass , while soerjoprajogo played several instruments -- including the mandolin .
12	prior to the name change the band consisted of zach mayberry on bass , jered mark annis on lead guitar , niki skistimas on drums , and ralf dietel on lead vocals .
8	personnel damon delapaz -- drums adam lewis -- bass chris lewis -- guitar will salazar -- vocals , guitar trivia the title of this album as well as the symbol on the cover are references to the metal band slayer and the pop artist prince .
31	track listing personnel the pharmaceutical bandits matt embree - vocals , guitar rich balling - trombone , vocals noah gaffney - tenor sax , alto sax , vocals franz worth - bass chris tsagakis - drums additional personnel neil burdick - alto sax , vocals chris colonnier - trombone , keyboard , vocals diana smallwood bond - vocals randy briggs aka '' jaime the robot '' - sax one ball jay - gang vocals pickle - gang vocals jackie ojeda - gang vocals sonny johnston - gang vocals chris rush - gang vocals aka caroline smallwood aka carolyn smallwood - producer - engineer rich vollaire - graphic layout artwork - chris tsagakis additional notes '' i do n't care '' - although noted on the album as being three minutes long - instead runs four minutes , thirty seconds .
10	) ; fl 1698 -- 1744 ) was an italian bass singer though in modern terms a baritone of the 18th century .
10	this is the first excel recording with shaun ross on bass and greg saenz on drums , and also the only one that includes its homonym song .
17	early history the band first gathered as a folk band consisted of steve gershin ( mandolin , bass and vocal ) , ze’ev gut ( fiddle and vocal ) and olga braverman ( flute and vocal ) , describing them as renaissance metal , due to frequent use of renaissance and medieval motives , played in a metal-crossover style , using such instruments as mandolin , fiddle and flute .
29	at the time it won gold , the quartet featured gene cokeroft as tenor , bob franklin as lead , harlan wilson as baritone , and bill cain as bass .
7	) hiroyuki '' den '' onishi -- bass ( 1996 -- 1998 , 2011 -- present ) , ( sister 's no future , zigzo , pt. , test-no .
4	members danny bland -- bass james burdyshaw -- guitar ( formerly of 64 spiders ) .
10	people 's artist of the ussr ( 1974 ) ; bass soloist .
20	the band consists of mark baker ( vocals ) , paolo di liberto ( synths ) , gareth milburn ( bass , synths ) and lee smith ( guitar , backing vocals ) .
35	track list personnel stewart brown guitar , vocals b.j . cole dobro , guitar , pedal steel , cello , steel guitar mick grabham organ , guitar , piano , keyboards , vocals rick wills bass , vocals john '' sly '' wilson percussion , drums , vocals hipgnosis photography , cover design john stewart engineer hugh fielder liner notes reception richie unterberger of allmusic wrote that cochise '' treads an uneasy line between eclectic diversity and a lack of direction '' and is '' distinguished just slightly by a more country-ish flavor than the norm ( early 1970s british rock ) , courtesy of cole 's pedal steel '' .
44	history formation and early history ( 2000 -- 2003 ) in 2000 long-time band mates michael eriksen ( vocals ) and brothers mats ( guitar ) and truls haugen ( drums ) were joined by keyboard player espen storø and glen cato møllen on bass to form circus maximus .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is festively scored for four soloists , soprano , alto , tenor and bass , a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
31	the members of his band include : doble sentido ( 2003 ) sandy stein ( piano and accordion ) jesus '' el niño '' perez ( piano ) eddie resto ( bass ) nacho ontiveros ( timbal and guiro ) marcos tabori ( timbal ) papo rodriguez ( conga and bongo ) ricky rodriguez ( conga ) braulio berrera ( bongo , cajon , and vocals ) ramon flores ( trumpet ) charlie biggs ( trumpet ) arturo velasco trombone ) erick jeorgensen ( trombone ) david stout ( trombone ) bobby rivas guiro and maracas .
17	jeff scott soto -- vocals robert säll - guitar and keyboards erik mårtensson - rhythm guitar , bass , keyboards , background vocals magnus henriksson - lead guitar robban bäck - drums one live - in stockholm one live - in stockholm is the first live cd & dvd released by w.e.t. on frontiers records and will be available in february 2014 .
47	promo single 7 '' vinyl geffen 9 24148-2 : a side : my michelle b side : knockin ' on heaven 's door ( live ) personnel izzy stradlin - rhythm guitar , backing vocals slash - lead guitar axl rose - lead vocals duff mckagan - bass , backing vocals steven adler - drums covers the song was covered by the punk group afi for the compilation called punk goes metal .
21	anna is primarily a pianist and vocalist , but most of her recordings feature a full band , including guitar , bass , drums , and often her original string quartet arrangements .
6	players can choose between guitar , bass , keyboard , and drums , which each have their own unique play style .
5	powers played all instruments ( bass , guitar , drums , keyboard ) , recorded , produced , mixed , and engineered the album himself in his apartment in nashville , tennessee .
6	track listing personnel phil lesh -- bass , vocals warren haynes -- guitar , vocals jimmy herring -- guitar john molo -- drums and percussion rob barraco -- keyboards , vocals michael kang -- violin on '' rock-n-roll blues '' limited edition there and back again was released in two different versions , the regular album , and a limited edition album .
5	he is known for playing bass , keyboard and sitar in the band kopecky with his two brothers , joe and paul .
39	track listing personnel maddy prior - vocals june tabor - vocals martin carthy - guitar nic jones - fiddle tony hall - melodeon andy irvine - mandolin johnny moynihan - bouzouki gabriel mckeon - uillean pipes danny thompson - bass john gillaspie brian golbey critical reviews this album has been widely regarded as the best english acoustic traditional folk album of the 1970s .
21	track 3 ; solos on 1 , 6 ) , ukulele ( 1 , 11 , 12 ) david piltch -- bass jay bellerose -- drums ( exc .
27	in 1979 , after playing with the reversible cords on may day at raul 's , erickson recorded 15 new songs with producer stu cook , former bass player of creedence clearwater revival .
12	line-up kenneth leer - vocals rick fiorio - drum jeff mackey - bass adam valk - guitar discography albums 5 o'clock orange ( 1996 mack-daddy records ) acid millennium ( 1997 mack-daddy records ) greatest hits vol .
16	track listing personnel anja orthodox - vocal , lyrics paweł pieczyński - guitar krzysztof najman - bass piotr pawłowski - drums michał rollinger - keyboards michał jelonek - violin tomasz '' titus '' pukacki - vocal jacek skirucha - guitar dariusz ślusarczyk - conga music - closterkeller .
3	george duvivier -- bass art taylor -- drums january 13 , 1955 , side a track 5 and side b tracks 1-5 .
7	their recordings also feature wayne chaulk on bass or guitar , ray johnson on accordion or fiddle , and kevin blackmore on mandolin , fiddle , guitar , and any number of improvised percussion instruments including tupperware lids and garbage bags .
42	the earlier album is carter 's best-known , recorded with an all-star line-up that included coleman hawkins , with whom carter had recorded in paris in 1937 , using the same configuration of instruments : four saxophone , piano , guitar , bass , and drums .
5	jason viebrooks jason viebrooks played bass on the first two albums before his departure .
30	career 1965-1972 gass and peter green bobby tench formed gass with godfrey and errol mclean in may 1965 , credited as robert tench and featured as vocalist , guitarist and bass player .
25	a maxon pedal maxon is the name used by the nisshin onpa company of japan for its line of effects pedal designed for guitar and bass .
5	john bennett was a professional bass , who sang as a lay clerk in the choirs of king's , st john 's and trinity colleges .
27	the music was recorded at sound city , tower side , fe1 , with takayuki hijikata and makoto matsushita at the guitars , michio nagaoka at the bass and toshinobu takimoto at the drums .