45	there are additives , such as stp ( r ) oil treatment , and some racing oils such as purol , brad penn and valvoline vr-1 , which are available in the retail market with the necessary amount of zddp for engines using increased valve spring pressures .
7	relative gravimeters most common relative gravimeters are spring - based .
13	each paddle is connected to the row-bar and provides both balance and minor spring tension to the rowing process .
15	for example , special mushrooms bestow the player with a bee , boo , or spring suit .
27	retractors can also be self retaining and not need to be held once inserted by having two or more opposing blades or hooks which are separated via spring , ratchet , worm gear or some other method and pull on opposite sides of a wound .
12	the key to its design was the use of a constant velocity spring to store the potential energy which are no longer in use .
10	myskinclamp it is made of stainless steel pusher cone with spring which pushes the other steel cone which can slide on the pusher shaft and a plastic cone to hold the foreskin in place .
19	the brake shoes are held in place by reactor springs ( 2 ) and an adjuster ( 7 ) spring .
1	a spring between the handles causes the jaws to open again after closing .
10	foghorn falls to the earth , landing on a bed spring .
9	this air pressure pushes against the force of a spring located in the wastegate actuator to allow the wastegate to open and re-direct exhaust gas so that it does not reach the turbine wheel .
34	lumped element model in mechanical systems the simplifying assumptions in this domain are : all objects are rigid bodies ; all interactions between rigid bodies take place via kinematic pair ( joints ) , spring and dampers .
7	these mechanical controllers used a lever , spring and a mass and were often energized by compressed air .
1	jpg spring and shock absorber file : wrightspeedstearingrack4888 .
19	the two main categories of protection are passive , with no moving parts , and active , which use spring to keep the gear fixed in place .
7	the pin has one or more lengthwise spring that bulge outwards slightly , giving the appearance of a banana .
16	these flashlights can also be distinguished by the technique used to store the energy : a spring , a flywheel , a battery or a capacitor .
36	today 's new high performance pogo sticks - and the sport of '' xpogo '' a pogo stick is a device for jumping off the ground in a standing position , through the aid of a spring , or new high performance technologies , often used as a toy , exercise equipment , or extreme sports instrument .
32	a man performs a grab at the capital bocking usa meetup a powerbocker a pair of m60 powerizers a pair of powerskips the act of powerbocking is jumping and running with elastic-like spring - loaded stilts .
33	in archery , the bulk of elastic energy is stored in the throwing device , rather than the projectile ; arrow shafts can therefore be much smaller , and have looser tolerance for spring constant and weight distribution than atlatl darts .
5	example the motion of a spring satisfying hooke 's law is given by the semi-implicit euler for this equation is the iteration preserves the modified energy functional exactly , leading to stable periodic orbits ( for sufficiently small step size ) that deviate by from the exact orbits .
29	today , many clothes-pegs ( also clothespins ) are manufactured very cheaply by creating two interlocking plastic or wooden prongs , in between which is often wedged a small spring .
9	spring-piston guns operate by means of a coiled steel spring - loaded piston contained within a compression chamber , and separate from the barrel .
8	by the end of the 15th century , spring - driven clocks appeared in italy , and in germany .
2	a metal spring fixed around the edge of the rim rolls inward to fit inside the glass .
16	the calves are moved one at a time through narrow runs leading to a chute with spring - loaded doors .
8	at one end of the board is a spring loading bowling machine , at the other end the batsman wields a miniature wooden bat .
5	but macroscopic systems , like spring and capacitor , are accurately described by classical theories like classical mechanics and classical electrodynamics .
24	of special interest is the coupling of two ( or more ) vibratory systems ( e.g. pendula or resonant circuit ) by means of spring or magnetic field , etc. .
5	the silo can also be spring - loaded to gradually squeeze the organs through the pouch into the opening and return them into the body .
16	the ottawa international writers festival is a literary festival which takes place twice annually , in spring and fall , in ottawa , ontario , canada .
2	in the spring of 2007 he earned his debut , and quickly became a starter ; he has scored 2 goals in 8 matches , and made a some god of assists .
27	the triumph of flora , by master of flora c. 1560 in roman mythology , flora ( ) was a goddess of flowers and the season of spring , a symbol for nature and flowers .
12	jpg view of summit of black balsam knob covered by early morning spring haze .
6	breeding typically occurs in the early spring .
9	although goddess durga was traditionally worshipped in the late spring , due to contingencies of battle , lord rama had to invoke her in the form of astam ( eighth ) mahavidya ( maa bagla ) in the autumn and thus is known as akaal bodhan ( invoking out of scheduled time ) .
23	it is characterised by nutrient-poor sandy soils , frequent wildfire , a very high level of endemism , spectacular displays of wildflower in spring , and a mediterranean climate with winter rainfall and hot , dry summers .
15	on local , national and religious festivals , such as jashn-e-baharan ( the welcoming of spring ) , basant , eid , pakistan 's independence day and pakistan day the canal is illuminated with lights and different types of decor are laid out into the water - relevant to the festival .
15	the stramilano is an annual athletics event which takes place in milan , italy in spring .
19	these include cross country and football in the fall , soccer in the winter , and baseball in the spring .
19	that means the seasons consist of warm summer , mild wet winter , cool pleasant fall , and warm spring .
18	live recordings 2004 is the first ep by english alternative rock band keane , first released in late spring 2005 ( see 2005 in music ) .
12	kokopelli chases away winter and brings about the warmth and rain of spring with his flute playing .
18	however , on december 29 , it was announced that the roof would not be repaired until the spring of 2011 .
8	this he named izumiya , literally meaning '' spring shop '' .
9	it is harvested in october and released in the spring after fermenting for 21 months in 75 percent new and 25 percent seasoned french oak barrels .
28	trees on some other streets , where more closely built skyscraper cause a greater wind tunnel effect , were knocked completely down , despite being too early in spring to involve leaf drag .
33	'' the festival was celebrated near the cave of lupercal on the palatine hill ( the central hill where rome was traditionally founded ) , to expiate and purify new life in the spring .
12	in the northern hemisphere , extended blocking occurs most frequently in the spring over the eastern pacific and atlantic oceans .
6	activities annual performances typically include : spring show , which usually has a theme and a guest quartet or performing group williamsburg community show dogwood dell show ( outdoor performance ) christmas show the virginians chorus participates in numerous community appearances with diverse shows that may include performances by its registered chapter quartet .
30	background over the course of the series , the seasonal effect on the continent is explored , from one of the harshest winter on the planet to the arrival of spring , which welcomes a population of ocean travellers returning to breed .
22	it is the second of the band 's vivaldi project , a planned series of four albums representing the four season -- spring , summer , autumn and winter respectively .
1	in spring , thousands of people visit the park to enjoy the cherry blossom during hanami .
8	while severe thunderstorms are most common in the spring and summer , they can occur at just about any time of the year .
21	tulips are also popular in australia and several festivals are held in september and october , during the southern hemisphere 's spring .
3	it flowers in spring , from may to august , and produces seed from july to september .
5	november is a month of spring in the southern hemisphere and autumn in the northern hemisphere .
18	generally , a mass convention assembly of large number of related family member gathering is organized during the spring season for a period of 2 to 3 days .
8	flowers are lavender-blue and bloom from mid - spring to early autumn .
17	the poem is by iran famous poet sadi and the whole song is a praise to the spring .
17	the town 's name is aboriginal in origin , and is the local name for a nearby spring .
29	they discover that the earth 's civilisation has collapsed a long time ago , and the human race is reduced to eking out a meager living from a tiny spring that grows weaker every year .
22	its natural habitat are temperate forest , river , intermittent rivers , swamp , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , and canal and ditches .
17	its natural habitat are temperate forest , mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation , river , freshwater marsh , freshwater spring , rocky areas , and rural gardens .
7	another chapel was build next to the spring of '' holy water '' , which is believed by some to possess a healing effect .
55	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , dry savanna , moist savanna , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , river , intermittent rivers , shrub-dominated wetland , swamp , freshwater lake , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , and freshwater spring .
20	landowner and slave trader john hart crenshaw leased the state-owned salt works located at the illinois salines , two saline spring along the saline river near equality that were important sources of salt since prehistory .
17	the għajn tuffieha roman baths were discovered in 1929 during government works to cap a fresh water spring in the area .
14	plot summary the trio is journeying to dread mountain when they come across a spring .
10	ward erected a drinking fountain on the site of the spring at walton well , located in walton well road , with a plaque dated 1885 .
1	its spring is a little east of the north norfolk village of west beckham .
6	there was a place where natural spring created a huge swampy mud in the middle of the wigley road , which led to its closing .
3	its river and spring habitat ecosystems are relatively intact and support a highly endemic fish fauna .
10	the native riparian ( populus fremontii ) grow around natural spring .
1	deep spring and catchment basin , such as warm mineral springs , were close enough to the sarasota area to provide camp sites , but too far away for permanent settlements .
14	the cave system drains over of land and the water re-emerges at a major spring on the stones river .
4	its source is a spring above panther rocks camp .
5	it is found in freshwater spring , irrigated land , and canal and ditches .
74	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , dry savanna , moist savanna , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland , river , intermittent rivers , swamp , freshwater lake , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , arable land , pastureland , rural gardens , urban area , heavily degraded former forests , water storage areas , pond , open excavations , and canal and ditches .
77	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical dry forest , subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests , subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , dry savanna , moist savanna , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland , river , swamp , freshwater lake , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , arable land , pastureland , rural gardens , urban area , heavily degraded former forests , water storage areas , pond , irrigated land , seasonally flooded agricultural land , and canal and ditches .
11	the park is renowned for its chalybeate ( iron bearing ) spring , which is now named st. ann 's well .
6	if flow is large enough a spring occurs and becomes the start of a creek or river .
28	some of the attractions in the hot springs area are the mammoth site of hot springs and evans plunge , built in 1890 , with its naturally warm spring water .
18	the fortunes of royale seemed to be recovering at the turn of the 20th century , when a spring in the hills behind the town was found to contain enough sulphur to make it marketable as mineral water .
9	anciently the village was the location of a medicinal spring of great repute , though its exact location is unknown .
8	peoria mineral springs is 14,500 year old natural spring in the city of peoria , illinois , united states .
13	geologist james dwight dana later attributed the '' beaver pond '' to natural spring , rather than the activity of beaver .
9	history the name goomalling was first shown for a spring found by explorers hillman and lefroy in 1846 .
17	it is only known from a few small seeps and the shallow lower outflow of one larger spring in dalhousie springs , lake eyre basin .
20	devotees and pilgrims offer items for worship directly to the goddess , then touch her and drink water from the spring .