11	the ring 's inertia energy increased when compressed , like a spring , and was also inversely proportional to its radius , and therefore proportional to its frequency ν .
8	spring-powered water warriors has made a variety of spring - powered water guns .
8	one type of tensioner is a large industrial spring .
15	since that time other safety innovations have included features on track , section , and spring assemblies .
5	but macroscopic systems , like spring and capacitor , are accurately described by classical theories like classical mechanics and classical electrodynamics .
23	the sense circuitry then removes power from the solenoid ( 5 ) and the contacts ( 4 ) are forced apart by a spring , cutting off the electricity supply to the appliance .
7	once the wheel is released , it spring back to the middle position and the media pauses or begins playing again .
3	the damper and spring rates were also different from the ur-q .
13	the united states army air forces experimented with downward-ejecting systems operated by a spring , but it was the work of sir james martin and his company martin-baker that was to prove crucial .
7	the pin has one or more lengthwise spring that bulge outwards slightly , giving the appearance of a banana .
5	example the motion of a spring satisfying hooke 's law is given by the semi-implicit euler for this equation is the iteration preserves the modified energy functional exactly , leading to stable periodic orbits ( for sufficiently small step size ) that deviate by from the exact orbits .
8	rarefaction can be easily observed by compressing a spring and releasing it .
7	relative gravimeters most common relative gravimeters are spring - based .
15	simple harmonic oscillator the simplest mechanical oscillating system is a mass attached to a linear spring subject to only weight and tension .
52	experimental luthier yuri landman built a variety of electric string resonance tailed bridge and 3rd bridge guitars like the moodswinger , moonlander and the springtime for indie rock and noise rock acts like sonic youth , liars , blood red shoes as well as electric thumb piano and electric drum guitars and spring drum instruments .
7	in a real spring–mass system , the spring has a non-negligible mass .
19	the gaussian network model ( gnm ) is a representation of a biological macromolecule as an elastic mass-and - spring network to study , understand , and characterize mechanical aspects of its long-scale dynamics .
4	they were powered by spring mechanisms similar to those of clock .
26	this means that the blade does not lock but , once opened , is held in place by tension from a flat bar or leaf-type back spring that allows the blade to fold if a certain amount of pressure is applied .
9	a mechanical component analogous to an inductor is a spring .
8	it is suspended by a low-loss planer metal spring centered in a 27.4 cm diameter cylinder .
14	, commonly called as , is regarded as one of the world 's leading spring manufacturers .
0	spring traps for large rodent such as rats or squirrel are powerful enough to break the animal 's neck or spine .
7	using either motor driven cables or a spring system , the pantograph can be balanced so that a light touch can readjust the height of the load ( usually a lamp ) .
19	design and use an ear being pierced with a piercing gun traditional model the most common design uses a spring that stores potential energy when part of the ear piercing instrument is pulled back .
12	some choose to modify their valves by attaching a pneumatic actuator or spring to achieve a faster opening speed .
5	if we assume an idealized spring and idealized , kinetic frictional forces , proportional to the normal force and directed oppositely to the velocity , there is another example of discontinuous acceleration .
20	history and design the wg design was introduced in 1950 ; it utilised identical equipment ( boiler , motion , spring , tender bogies , and rear truck ) as used in the 4-6-2 wp class passenger locomotives .
8	recent innovations include multi-colored plastic-coated paper clips and spring - fastened binder clip .
7	an example is the action of a spring .
5	november is a month of spring in the southern hemisphere and autumn in the northern hemisphere .
12	in temperate and subpolar regions , generally four seasons are recognized : spring , summer , autumn and winter , astronomically marked by the sun reaching the points of equinox and solstice , although the climatic seasons lag behind their astronomical markers .
13	after seed ripens in early summer , plants go dormant till the next spring .
1	the spring of 1944 was an active one for oyster bay .
11	the dogwood festival is a month-long series of events held every spring in vestavia hills , alabama , usa , heralds the seasonal arrival of bloom on dogwood , azalea , daffodil , and tulips .
39	originally meant for wealthy customers or '' more seasoned jet-setters '' going on cruises ( e.g. north americans ) or vacationing in the warm mediterranean area ( e.g. europeans ) during the winter months , cruise collections offer light spring or summer clothing when the weather at the points of sale actually calls for winter apparel .
18	in most species , leaves come up in autumn , grow through the winter , and die in spring , then the plant goes dormant through the dry mediterranean summer .
16	the kimberley diamond cup is a skateboarding event held at the beginning of each southern hemisphere spring in kimberley , northern cape , south africa .
38	activities the yosemite hybrid shuttle , yosemite 's free shuttle bus system yosemite valley is open year-round , but much of the remaining park is closed in late autumn because of snow and re-opens in mid to late spring .
2	during the spring many of the woods are carpeted with bluebells .
55	vasant panchami ( hindi : वसन्त पञ्चमी ) , sometimes referred to as saraswati puja ( bengali language : সরস০বত ী পূজা ) , shree panchami , or the basant festival of kites is a sikh and hindu festival held on the fifth day of magha ( in early february ) marking the start of spring and the holi season .
13	plot summary '' jeeves exerts the old cerebellum '' bertie wooster awakens one spring morning in high spirits , and announces to jeeves , his valet : he thereupon departs for the park , where he encounters bingo little , a friend from his school days , adorned with a hideous deep-red satin tie decorated with horseshoes .
1	in spring and summer , it migrates to spruce and infects recently emerged needle , coloring them in yellow .
36	anime works approached nickelodeon with interest in invader zim dvds and in june 2003 , they put out a press release announcing that its anime division pioneer will be producing three double dvd sets starting in spring 2004 and a limited edition box set .
12	kokopelli chases away winter and brings about the warmth and rain of spring with his flute playing .
16	the ottawa international writers festival is a literary festival which takes place twice annually , in spring and fall , in ottawa , ontario , canada .
63	summer ( grisham - ग्रीष्म ) may -- july ( वैशाख से आषाढ ) monsoon ( rainy - वर्षा ) mid july - september - श्रावन से भाद्रपद autumn ( शरद् ) october -- november ( आश्विन से कार्तिक ) fall ( हेमन्त ) december-mid january ( मार्गशीर्ष से पौष ) winter ( शिशिर ) mid january-mid march ( पौष से फाल्गुन ) spring ( वसन्त ) march -- april ( फाल्गुन से चैत्र ) language , culture and religion the local village dialect is a mixture of maithili and hindi .
10	some of the largest declines have been observed in the spring and summer months .
28	this trend continues through late autumn and winter , with a marked drop in precipitation beginning in april which coincides with a gradual rise in temperature into late spring and summer .
5	it flowers mainly in early spring , producing white , mauve and blue flowers about 9 cm wide .
1	in spring there is a large covering of bluebells on the woodland floor .
41	armed with a fastball , murata carried his team to a 5-0 victory over izumo hokuryo senior high school in their first game in the 70th national high school baseball invitational tournament ( higashi fukuoka high 's first-ever appearance in the spring tournament ) , but succumbed to yokohama senior high school in the next round , suffering a two-hit shutout at the hands of current boston red sox right-hander daisuke matsuzaka and giving up a home run to current seibu lions outfielder taketoshi gotoh .
9	the magellanic woodpecker breeds in the southern hemisphere 's spring , from october to january .
4	it flowers during the spring season .
6	seedbed preparation is conducted in the spring , immediately before planting , by a pass with a double-disk harrowing and a pass with a field cultivator .
5	the vacances de printemps ( spring ) , formerly vacances de pâques ( easter ) - two weeks in april and may .
1	that spring on detelinara they signed : stojan pilipović , jovan ninković and zoran milovac , who wore its nations under 21 team 's kit .
9	in the northern hemisphere naw-rúz marks the coming of spring .
18	fictional dominican second baseman chico escuela ( portrayed by garrett morris ) was also with the mets that spring attempting to make a comeback at 41 years old .
17	generally , a mass assembly of large a number of related family members is organized during the spring for a period of 2 to 3 days .
14	seepage of groundwater from the north and west , combined with flow from several spring , feeds the bog formed in a shallow basin at the south end of the reserve .
11	its name is derived from the aboriginal name of a nearby spring , first recorded in 1872 .
21	cadiz springs state recreation area is a state park unit of wisconsin , united states , featuring two reservoir on a spring - fed creek .
16	the leechwell , showing its position in leechwell lane the leechwell is a set of three spring in totnes , devon , england .
40	turning north on the gp , the trail remains level , passing an official campsite and some muddy spots until it reaches the base of giant ledge 0.6 mile ( 1 km ) later , where a good , reliable spring can be found via a short side trail .
7	it can also be found in some spring waters and hot springs .
8	when she fell to the ground , a spring of water burst from the spot and flowers , thought to be scarlet pimpernels , sprang forth wherever a drop of her blood was sprinkled .
20	the city also receives an average of 540,000 gallons ( 2 million liters ) per day of groundwater from a spring .
41	flora and fauna vegetation within the site ten main vegetation associations have been identified : mudflat , mangroves , dune systems , grassland , low woodland , sandstone range open woodland , riverine woodland , rainforest ( aquifer forest ) and spring vegetation , major rivers and lagoons ( permanent and ephemeral ) , and savanna woodland .
7	the site itself consists of a small spring - fed pool of '' bad water '' next to the road in a sink ; the accumulated salt of the surrounding basin make it undrinkable , thus giving it the name .
17	with no physical barriers to the fish spreading , it is thought natural chemical discharges from some spring contaminating the river may affect some fish populations such as the trout .
16	in 1997 , the kibbutz opened a facility to bottle the water of the ein gedi spring .
31	samuel de champlain gave the present name to the island , meaning in french '' high island '' , in 1604 when he observed the towering bluffs , timber and fresh-water spring .
34	white george on the coat of arms of georgia in the fully developed western version , which developed as part of the golden legend , a dragon or crocodile makes its nest at the spring that provides water for the city of '' silene '' ( perhaps modern cyrene in libya or the city of lydda in the holy land , depending on the source ) .
11	the park is renowned for its chalybeate ( iron bearing ) spring , which is now named st. ann 's well .
24	its natural habitat are moist savanna , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland , river , swamp , freshwater spring , pastureland , rural gardens , pond , and canal and ditches .
3	this derives from spring wells of which wells used to have many , rising through the chalk of the area .
21	he informs the king that the flooding of the nile is controlled by the god khnum at elephantine from a sacred spring located on the island , where the god resides .
31	discovery of coal the anglo-saxon roots of the former farming community of haswell are apparent in its old english name -- haesel wella or hessewell -- meaning a hazel well or spring .
4	the village has a spring which is intermittent .
26	he was slain by yvain for attacking the latter 's cousin , sir calogrenant , in defense of the magic fountain ( or well , or spring ) .
23	radium springs is best known as the location of one of the '' seven natural wonders of georgia '' : the largest natural spring in the state .
33	groundwater flow is defined as the '' ... part of streamflow that has infiltrated the ground , has entered the phreatic zone , and has been discharged into a stream channel , via spring or seepage water '' .
9	history the name goomalling was first shown for a spring found by explorers hillman and lefroy in 1846 .
8	the village was famous for its mineral water spring used for healing in sanatorium , including the hawthorne and lithia springs .
18	moreover , the fountain also refers to the municipality 's status as the site of a state-recognized health spring , the '' vulkania quelle '' in dreis .
5	sequana was confined to her spring shrine near dijon , sulis belonged to bath .
16	name the name močilnik is derived from the slovene common noun močilnik ' ( hidden ) spring ' , synonymous with the related word močilo , both derived from the slavic root \* mak - ` wet , damp ' .
7	name the name studeno literally means ' spring ' , and it and similar forms ( e.g. , studenec , studenci ) are relatively common toponyms for places in slovenia associated with springs .
42	at a cost of # 6,000 , it was an irregular oval shape with a 100 yards ( 91 metres ) straight section for racing ; a paved surround and changing rooms were built and the pool was fed by an underground spring .