11	an attempt is made to reduce a fraction by canceling individual digit in the numerator and denominator .
19	pok deng ( ) is a thai gambling card game in which players aim for a hand whose ones digit beats the dealer 's , while taking into account pairs , three of a kinds , and flushes .
24	identification the term license plate is the official term used by the iata , the airlines , and the airports for the 10 - digit numeric code on a bag tag issued by a carrier or handling agent at check-in .
16	this allowed the full alphabet ( instead of combining i and j ) , plus the digit from 0 to 9 .
19	weighing 8.5 kilograms ( 18.7 pounds ) , the elka 22 has 3 registers and operates with 12 decimal digit .
7	error correction is implemented by using more digit ( bit in case of a binary channel ) than the number strictly necessary for the samples , and having the receiver compute the most likely valid message that could have resulted in the received one .
10	similarly , telephone numbers are routinely expected to include the digit and possibly the characters + , - , ( , and ) ( plus , minus , and parentheses ) .
12	the type allocation code ( tac ) is the initial eight - digit portion of the 15-digit imei and 16-digit imeisv codes used to uniquely identify wireless devices .
9	modern electronic calculators contain a keyboard with buttons for digit and arithmetical operations .
33	verbal arithmetic , also known as alphametics , cryptarithmetic , crypt-arithmetic , cryptarithm or word addition , is a type of mathematical game consisting of a mathematical equation among unknown number , whose digit are represented by letter .
5	the thumb is the last digit of the hand .
7	the limb are well developed with long digit and sharp claw .
10	andrus point ( ) is a prominent , rocky , digit - like headland that juts eastward into lady newnes bay toward the floating glacier tongue of the parker glacier , in victoria land .
30	some evolutionary anatomist use the term hand to refer to the appendage of digits on the forelimb more generally -- for example , in the context of whether the three digit of the bird hand involved the same homologous loss of two digits as in the dinosaur hand .
2	in gangrenous digit , amputation is frequently required .
36	research an example of her work is a lifelike robotic hand , modeled bone-by-bone from a human hand , with multiple motors each corresponding to muscle and with strings playing the role of tendon along each digit .
14	morphology pronycticebus neglectus possessed what appears to be a grooming claw on the second digit of each foot like modern strepsirhine ( fleagle , 1999 ) and had a dental formula of 2 : 1 : 4 : 3 .
7	many maintain that it is easier for digit to be reduced or lost during evolution than the reverse , however there is no evidence for this .
13	a finger is a limb of the human body and a type of digit , an organ of and found in the hand of human and other primate .
7	the four-toed jerboa hind-limbs have an extra digit compared to other jerboas in the allactaga genus .