12	in old faroese folklore it was believed that on twelfth night the seal came out of the sea , stripped off their seal-skins and became human beings , dancing on the shore .
70	written in the ( early modern spelling of the ) dutch language , it is inspired by the motto of the united dutch provinces ( first dutch republic , predecessor of the current kingdom of the netherlands ) , ( currently also the official motto of the neighboring kingdom of belgium ) and translated '' in unity , there is strength . '' the motto is displayed on the borough seal and flag , which also feature a young robed woman bearing a bundle of bound rods known as a '' fasces '' , a traditional emblem of republicanism .
19	the band has shared the stage with performers such as david gray ( musician ) , james morrison , seal , eric bibb , joss stone , the dubliners , arlo guthrie and korn .
32	in the next few years ofm consistently charted on the billboard charts with production , remixer , and writers credits with britney spears , justin timberlake , beyoncé , kelly rowland , seal , usher , blue cantrell , backstreet boys , birdman , alanis morissette , janet jackson , annie lennox , dolce , tina ann , fabolous , bone crusher , shakira , and jessica simpson .
26	king edward showed his fellow englishman alan favor , and on 12 june 1291 , appointed him chancellor of scotland and handed over to him the seal of regency .
7	'' violet '' is a song by seal .
44	the population in 2002 was the indigenous population ( from 1872 to the 1950s when it was resettled to the mainland ) consisted of about 50 -- 300 nenetses who subsisted mainly on fishing , trapping , reindeer herding , polar bear hunting and seal hunting .
24	contemporary typographers view typography as craft with a very long history tracing its origins back to the first punches and dies used to make seal and currency in ancient times .
18	he had much less power than other ( king 's ) chancellors , he guarded the queen 's seal and was the second most important official of her court , after her court marshall .
8	'' the beginning '' is a song by seal .
28	after the release of their self produced album good 4 we , they started productions and remixes for artists such as mick jagger from the rolling stones , seal , jay-z , tom jones , beverley knight , lighthouse family , changing faces or daryl hall of hall & oates .
32	he is a prolific session musician and guitarist who has played on a large number of albums since the early 1980s with artists as varied as minoru niihara , joni mitchell , seal , michael jackson , james taylor , helen watson , richard marx , steve perry , pink floyd , roger daltrey , glenn frey , and miles davis .
16	description the lamp consists of a crescent-shaped cup of carved soapstone , filled with whale or seal blubber .
3	bolesław iii 's seal , dated to 1337 .
17	the mail ( i.e. its postage stamp ) was cancelled by a standard circular bulgarian handstamping cancellation seal ( metal issue ) with an inscription '' poste bulgare antarktika tangra 1091 '' on its periphery and date/hour counter in the center .
30	another of the tracks on still waters is performed with the south african group , ladysmith black mambazo , and '' ca n't stop the river '' was written by seal .
8	city logo the st. catharines logo ( or seal ) performs much the same function as a coat of arms .
53	after '' totori no mura '' ( totori 's village ) , which enables visitors to see birds flying freely in a huge cage , the zoo continued to install new facilities including polar bear aquatic park , a '' walk - through '' penguin aquarium , an orangutan trapeze , and a seal aquarium which includes a vertical tube through which the seals can swim .
42	uss walrus ( ss-437 ) , a world war ii -class submarine , was the third ship of the united states navy to be named for the walrus , a gregarious , aquatic mammal found in arctic waters , related to the seal and a prime source of leather , oil , ivory , and food .
20	martin performed the song on second series of the voice australia with fellow judges delta goodrem , joel madden and seal .
14	the first representation of the castle dates back to 1307 , imprinted on the seal allowed to the city by albert ii .
1	his seal featured the figure of a drinking horn .
81	'' recording artists reported to have participated in the sessions for my beautiful dark twisted fantasy included raekwon , rza , pusha t , rick ross , charlie wilson , big sean , cyhi the prynce , swizz beatz , dwele , nicki minaj , t.i. , drake , teyana taylor , common , jay-z , eminem , lil wayne , john legend , fergie , rihanna , the-dream , ryan leslie , elton john , m.i.a. , justin vernon , seal , beyoncé knowles , kid cudi , mos def , santigold , alicia keys , elly jackson , and tony williams .
11	activity in the region flourished as trading in sea otter and seal boomed .
0	seal oil is also reported to have been used , in addition .
13	not far from dyers island is geyser island , a breeding ground for seal .
2	the state seal of azad kashmir was adopted in 1975 and symbolizes the state 's ideological foundation , the basis of its heritage and its guiding principles .
28	a decree from 1574 fixed the capacity of the mezzo quarto bottle , and established a public office that would certify the capacity of fiascos by a lead seal applied to the straw covering .
28	beyond human habitation , the island 's diverse habitats are home to an assortment of flora and fauna , such as the golden eagle , red deer and seal and are recognized in a number of conservation areas .
11	producers such as trevor horn ( frankie goes to hollywood , seal , etc. ) , martin hannet ( the stone roses , joy division , etc. ) and arthur baker ( bruce springsteen , bob dylan , kraftwerk , al green ) all visited spirit to record and produce their work .
17	in 1862 argentine pilot luis piedrabuena established a shelter near port cook , and built a small seal oil extraction facility on the island .
17	coat of arms the historic coat of arms of the rôtisseurs , upon which the current chaîne seal is based the original coat of arms consists of two crossed turning spit and four larding needles , surrounded by flames of the hearth on a shield .
9	the production was handled by horn who worked with seal , tina turner , cher , robbie williams , frankie goes to hollywood and many others successful singers and bands .
41	les mots ( 2001 -- 2003 ) at the end of 2001 , and seventeen years into her career , universal issued farmer 's first greatest hits collection : les mots whose title track and lead single , a duet with seal , became an enormous hit .
10	animals such as shark , stingray , weever fish , seal and jellyfish can sometimes present a danger .
22	another image shows the pope and a number of bishops presenting a large papal bull , carrying a total of 11 ecclesiastic seal but no text .
36	the contributing artists on the cd are : bono and the edge , eddie vedder , paul simon and edie brickell , faith hill , sade , lauryn hill , rita wilson , diana krall , seal , dave matthews band , sting , alanis morissette , edward sharpe and the magnetic zeros , david bowie , cedella marley , beck , rufus wainwright , patti smith , and coldplay .
36	a change is gonna come -- single cover it 's a man 's man 's man 's world -- single cover it 's alright -- single cover soul is the sixth studio album by british singer seal , which was released on 10 november 2008 .
16	moose , caribou , fox , wolverine , otter and beaver are also found as are seal , sea lion , sea otter and whale and various seabirds such as eagle found along the shore .
30	upon a request by the julius bien company in new york city to provide a description of the municipal banner , the common council adopted its first official flag and seal .
12	leconte bay is a very steep-sided fjord that is home to a seal rookery and the terminus of leconte glacier .
8	industries in kangiqsualujjuaq include hunting of caribou , seal and beluga whale , arctic char fishing , and the production of inuit art .
34	as a keyboardist/vocalist he has additionally toured or performed live with other artists including michael mcdonald , kenny loggins , sheena easton , jewel , edgar winter , al stewart , david becker and seal .
2	hunters seeking seal and sea otter worked out the island between 1790 and 1850 .
30	the plot revolves around a boy called robbie henderson , a resident on the island of black ness , where there are legends of creatures called selkie , which are seal that can take on human form .
13	soul 2 is the eighth studio album by british soul / b singer seal .
12	at guildhall , the outgoing lord mayor transfers the mayoral insignia the seal , the , the sword and the mace to the incoming lord mayor .
11	levin 's session career commitments -- mostly to peter gabriel and seal -- were also obstructing future king crimson activity .
28	guided walks are available in the village , and boat trips can be taken from the harbor to view the coastline which can offer sightings of dolphin and seal .
8	it was previously a popular location for hunting seal .
5	both are comparable to a seal .
13	bedrock is also not far from oceanrock aquarium , home of dripper the seal .
39	it featured a beached female hyneria attempting to catch prey by sliding along the muddy ground like a walrus to catch two hynerpeton ( with the narrator explaining that it could '' attack like a killer whale after a seal '' ) .
6	the islands are known for their seal population .
20	'' and t-pain 's '' i 'm in love with a stripper '' as well as prominent artists such as seal , johnny cash and more earning him awards and accolades as prestigious as both , international and american , 2004 remix artist of the year .
61	'' taylor has cited influences such as david bowie , metric , death cab , r.e.m , the decemberists , ambulance ltd , tegan and sarah , radiohead , robbie williams , elton john , belle and sebastian , elbow , inxs , garbage , muse , peter gabriel , queen , sufjan stevens , billy joel , yoko kanno , seal , and the police .
19	sangaré contributed vocals to '' imagine '' for the 2010 herbie hancock album the imagine project , along with seal , p!nk , india.arie , jeff beck , konono nº1 and others .
9	present-day provinces of thailand this list includes all the seal of the provinces of thailand .
12	he became tutor to the young king , guardian of the royal seal and a key adviser to queen margaret , while guillaume was appointed abbot of a monastery near maletto .
17	and funeral for a friend , as well as pop artists prince , madonna , björk , seal , annie lennox and pet shop boys .
8	it is thus a device that provides a seal between a stationary supply passage ( such as pipe or tubing ) and a rotating part ( such as a drum , cylinder , or spindle ) to permit the flow of a fluid into and/or out of the rotating part .
11	magnus håkonsson ( the law-mender ) gave jämtland its first known seal 1274 .
28	she insists on something to guarantee her safety in his absence and , as a symbol of his promise and his protection , he gives her his imperial seal of authority .
19	28 february - at the 38th annual grammy awards in los angeles : trevor horn ( producer ) & seal win record of the year for '' kiss from a rose '' .
1	( seal ) ( 1963-1981 ) sold to stapletask ltd , sittingbourne , kent , england .
21	he collaborated with top songwriters such as ty lacy and steve power , and recorded duets with both bryan adams and seal .
6	this would become the de facto seal of unovis and took the place of individual names or initials .
33	come vivrei is an enchanting italian adaption of trisha yearwood 's grammy award winning song , how do i live , whereas other classics included are the poetic kiss from a rose by seal , and crying by roy orbison , both reworked into baritone adaptions from their original versions .
6	they were also permitted to engrave seal , and to sell gunpowder and saltpeter ; but their exclusion from the mining-towns remained in force .
38	california ( uc berkeley ) gold this is a shade of gold identified by the university of california , berkeley in their graphic style guide for use in on-screen representations of the gold color in the university 's seal .
22	'' '' the stripped-down approach works well throughout the plaintive ballad ` believe in me ' , which sounds like a low-tech seal song .
9	there 's evidence of paleolithic people killing and eating seal and elands as far as 100,000 years bp .
19	the first scene of '' bop gun '' , for example , featured the song '' killer '' by seal and adamski over a brief montage of images just before a murder took place .
8	the island is a haven for seabirds and seal .
10	the term is derived from the tradition of placing a seal on specified files or documents that prevents anyone from reviewing the files without receiving a court order .
25	the rzucewo people had domesticated cattle , pigs , some goats , but did little cultivation and engaged in fishery and hunting , especially of seal , then numerous along the baltic coast .
12	favoured habitat includes freshwater pools and streams fringed by tussock grassland , seal wallows and poorly drained land next to wetlands and melting snow , as well as coastal habitats .
11	the skf group currently consists of approximately 150 companies including the seal manufacturer chicago rawhide .
7	other decorative touches include the city 's seal on brass doorknobs and intricately molded plaster cornice .
19	at the same time a hurried population of consumer wanted a fast and easy way to open and effectively seal food bags -- originally bread hence the name .
15	he has additionally produced , written for , or worked with multiple international artists including seal , corinne bailey rae , netherlands wind ensemble , emilie simon , holland baroque society , nolwenn leroy , nico muhly , and ane brun .
5	there is also evidence of seal , dolphin , a range of marsupial , dingo and even whale .
4	an inuit hunts the seal and uses the whole body of the animal as a basic resource for his survival .
7	another is example is a late 14th-century seal of sir william le scrope , lord of mann , in which the manx triskelion is depicted in plate armour , rather than mail .
11	monheim was awarded its town rights shortly after and the oldest seal of the town dates from 1340 .
9	the discography of english soul / pop - singer seal , consists of eight studio albums , two live albums , two compilation album , twenty-eight single and four video albums .
11	monrose present their new single '' strike the match '' and seal performs two of his songs .
2	władysław 's seal , dated to 1317 .
11	among the musicians the group opened for were joe walsh and seal .
4	in 1556 , the seal of duncan mccorquodale of phantelane bore the legend , '' s. duncan .
14	it is theorised that they benefit from the actions of diving predators such as seal and penguin which push prey up towards the surface while hunting , allowing the surface feeding storm petrels to reach them .
30	they 've produced , remixed and or written for some of the hottest acts in pop music , including jay sean , britney spears , justin timberlake , beyoncé , seal , usher , birdman , blue cantrell , backstreet boys , alanis morissette , annie lennox , fabolous , janet jackson , and shakira .
6	the tight fit of the mask seal around the face and the retention strips wrapping around the back of the head were uncomfortable in long sessions .
10	other animals present in the park include sea lion , seal , walrus , whale and sea otter .
32	john patten , the master of an english merchant ship , and part of his crew lived on tristan from august 1790 to april 1791 , during which time they captured 3600 seal .
19	arie contributed vocals to '' imagine '' for the 2010 herbie hancock album , the imagine project along with seal , p!nk , jeff beck , konono n°1 , oumou sangare and others .
13	adopted thirteen years after the country gained independence , it has been the seal of the republic of mali since 1973 .
22	coat of arms the coat of arms of the borough of poole the design of the coat of arms originated in a seal from the late 14th century and were recorded by clarenceux king of arms during the heraldic visitation of dorset in 1563 .
9	the inspiration for the dannebrog pennant was a 13th-century seal used by erik abelsøn , duke of schleswig .
8	it is exhibited strongly in aquatic mammal ( seal , otter , dolphin , etc. ) , but exists in weaker versions in other mammals , including human , including babies up to 6 months old ( see infant swimming ) .
35	psychrobacter lutiphocae is a gram-negative , aerobic oxidase - and catalase - positive , non - spore - forming , non-motile bacterium from the genus of psychrobacter which was isolated from the faeces of a seal in schleswig-holstein in germany .
16	however , it does occur in many other safety-critical items such as fuel line and rubber seal , such as gaskets and o-rings , where ozone attack is considered unlikely .
11	tahir agreed on the condition al-amin turn over his sceptre , seal and other signs that he was caliph .
11	during his career he has worked with many artists , including seal , björk , goldie , madonna , britney spears , kate havnevik , imogen heap , bebel gilberto , mozez , david sylvian , alanis morissette and alison moyet .
5	the company bought and processed seal and whale oil from christensen vessels .
8	one exceptional find was the discovery of a seal stamp made of a lead-tin alloy which portrayed the coat of arms of the lords of hademstorf as the former lords of the castle .
23	however , the dyes in these cells also suffer from degradation under heat and uv light and the cell casing is difficult to seal due to the solvents used in assembly .
9	'' love 's divine '' is a song by seal .
5	the latest form of the seal was introduced in 1938 with the arms somewhat altered from -- but very similar in concept to -- one that was earlier used .
10	culleenamore is a diverse animal habitat , and also a seal sanctuary .
39	it is the last in a sequence of novels , chronologically started with the eagle of the ninth , loosely tracing a family of the roman empire , then britain , and finally norse-britain , who inherit an emerald seal ring bearing the insignia of a dolphin .
22	despite all this , titan has a flourishing arctic ecosystem , apparently at the top of which is a clawed , blubbery seal - like native race of infant-like intelligence .
4	findings include a steatite seal with indus script probably used for trading goods , impressions of seals on a terracotta lump of burnt clay , chert blade , copper implements , terracotta bead and bangle and typical standardised pottery of the indus valley civilization .
35	the headland was charted and named in 1911 by the northern party , led by victor campbell , of the british antarctic expedition , 1910–13 , and named because of the great number of young seal , known as calves , distributed nearby this headland .
19	on march 10 , 2012 , the soul rebels shared the stage with kanye west , snoop dogg and seal at brad pitt 's night to make it right foundation new orleans after-party , hosted by comedian aziz ansari .
21	he also stated his wish list for guest appearances would include lauryn hill , 2 chainz , jay-z , drake , seal , ceelo green , diddy , meek mill , beyonce knowles , fabolous , dipset , ariana grande and eric bellinger .
7	human being is the third album by seal .
44	work recht 's work is considered to be innovative in its use of indigenous , new and unconventional materials and technologies though also seen by many to be controversial due to the use of materials such as minke whale foreskin , spider silk , seal and human skin .
12	other session and touring work sancious has done includes living colour , seal , bryan ferry , julia fordham , robbie dupree , natalie merchant , eric clapton , jon anderson of yes , and hall & oates .
27	the river 's name means wolf river in french and may have come from a native tribe known as '' les loups '' or from the many seal , known in french as loup-marin , once found at the river 's mouth .
34	records as a producer/arranger programmer and re-mixer , fiennes has worked with a diverse range of artists including neneh cherry , marianne faithfull , bryan ferry , the spice girls , hal david , seal , yello , propaganda $ 2 , erazure , eagle-eye cherry , david mcalmont , ian mcculloch , roland gift , lenny kravitz , nigel kennedy , daniel lanois , trilok gurtu , damien hirst ( in the guise of fat les 's vindaloo ) , dot allison , justin hawkins , jamelia and geneva .
18	by 1245 , the family of gurren of haag had already begun using a horse salient as their seal device .
1	the seal of bishop william de bondington .
54	the model asserts these people made the crossing in small boats , using skills similar to those of the modern inuit people : hauling out on ice floes at night ; collecting fresh water from melting icebergs or the first-frozen parts of sea ice ; hunting seals and fish for food ; and using seal blubber as heating fuel .
2	a faience seal and a block naming an osorkon with throne name aakheperre , were for a long time attributed to osorkon iv ; however , this attribution has been criticized by frederic payraudeau in 2000 , who pointed out that those objects more likely referred to osorkon the elder .
32	at the height of her days at malmaison , joséphine had the company of kangaroos , emus , black swans , zebras , sheep , gazelles , ostriches , chamois , a seal , antelopes and llama to name a few .
70	the debut program featured avril lavigne , and has featured musical guests bon jovi , barenaked ladies , blues traveler , counting crows , duran duran , en vogue , the goo goo dolls , ann and nancy wilson ( interviewed ) of heart ( performed ) , boyz ii men , backstreet boys , james blunt , maroon 5 , meat loaf , queen latifah , ringo starr , seal , chicago , and toby keith , as well as actors john cusack , michael douglas , and anthony hopkins .
21	it has the sound of an early 1990s dance hit , and the song has been compared to the music by seal and adamski .
8	in 1441 , the town used an official seal listing its name as eherneborgh .
13	the name ` ko veta ' is engraved in brahmi script on a seal buried with the skeleton and is assigned by the excavators to the 3rd century bc .
8	the group are soon joined by a live-in seal named gladys and a pair of dolphin ( duke and duchess ) which stay close at hand and fend off unwanted shark .
11	these first kayaks were constructed from stitched animal skins such as seal stretched over a wooden frame made from collected driftwood , as many of the areas of their construction were treeless .
11	he was also the first catalonian count to have his own seal , imitating the carolingian emperors and the frankish kings in style .
12	within the order carnivora are the pinniped ( sealion , walrus and seal ) , the polar bear ( ursus maritimus ) , and two otter ( enhydra lutris and lontra feline ) .
5	they were centered around a seal / sting / beatles vein , described as '' bluesy at times , nostalgic at others , jazzy , and even r & bish .
10	coaches series 1 coaches delta goodrem , joel madden and seal are set to return .
10	marine mammals : include whale , dolphin , porpoise , seal , sea lion , walrus , sea otter , marine otter , manatee , dugong and the polar bear .
13	each level must review , add information as necessary , and stamp or seal that the submittal was examined and approved by that party .
41	background prior to the release of the album , cook was a songwriter , session musician and backing vocalist for other artists , and had worked with paul young , george michael , marc almond , frankie goes to hollywood , seal and gerry rafferty .
11	ken jeong as short fuse , an explosive and demolitions expert seal and a member of the north wind .
12	however , there were some 45 sealers operating in the area and seal were already becoming rare ( a mere two years after the discovery of the islands ) , and so he scouted for new hunting grounds .
22	it was so named in 1902 by the swedish surveyor johan gunnar andersson who found old english try pot used to render seal oil at the site .
55	productions directed since the late 1990s , lather has directed many large productions adding another stage to his director/choreographer career , directing world tours & live television performances for usher , p.diddy , mariah carey , rihanna , ciara , pussycat dolls , sean kingston , ashlee simpson , pharrell , gwen stefani , and seal .
84	counterfeiting money , or attempting to coin genuine legal tender without due authorization ; tampering with wills , codicils , or such-like legal instruments ; prying into the correspondence of others to their prejudice ; using false weights and measures , adulterating merchandise , so as to render saleable what purchasers would otherwise never buy , or so as to derive larger profits from goods otherwise marketable only at lower figures ; bribing judges , suborning witnesses ; advancing false testimony ; manufacturing spurious seal ; forging signatures ; padding accounts ; interpolating the texts of legal enactments ; and sharing in the pretended birth of supposititious offspring are among the chief forms which this crime assumes .
4	they shot and ate seal , walrus , and especially polar bear throughout the march .
0	seal ) jamiroquai - '' love foolosophy '' jimmy cliff - '' many rivers to cross '' , '' i want i do i get '' jennifer lopez - '' jenny from the block '' jessica garlick - '' come back '' jimmy eat world - '' the middle '' justin timberlake - '' like i love you '' kelly llorenna - '' tell it to my heart '' kylie minogue - '' in your eyes '' , '' come into my world '' ( fischerspooner mix ) lange - '' drifting away '' ( feat .
11	oudemans concluded that such creatures might be a previously unknown large seal , which he dubbed megophias megophias .
13	bryan adams deep purple kim wilde wadaiko yamato abba mania jean michel jarre seal sting vanessa-mae australian pink floyd show lord of the dance andrea bocelli carmen kool & the gang tiësto enrique iglesias scorpions buena vista faithless eros ramazzotti elton john 50 cent references external links gallery image : steelarena3 .
4	aggressively searching for new seal rookeries south of cape horn , on 17 november 1820 , palmer and his men became the first americans and the third group of people to discover the antarctic peninsula .
25	clearly the porthaus accepted this interpretation of their name , since the blazon of their arms ( without tinctures , as the source is a seal ) was : a lion rampant and in chief two towers crenellated , masoned and inflamed , one to the dexter and the other to the sinister .
31	bay and lagoon the lagoon and bay of kalloni is a shallow , rich wetland that hosts a stupendous variety of aquatic and avian life , including flamingo , porpoise and seal .
9	he is also known to have bore a waxen seal which depicted a sailing ship on one side and a lion on the other .
12	parts body - usually natural or light color dyed from rabbit , seal , and muskrat .
7	pingu 's friends robby is a gray seal .
9	in march 2013 it was announced as mentor to seal 's artists for the 2013 australian season of tv talent quest , the voice .
11	food sources hunted meats : sea mammals such as walrus , seal , and whale .
136	'' this eventually conflicted with the nationalism that eventually rose amongst north america 's canadians following the sacrifices and heroism shown by canadian troops on their own in various war fronts in the first world war and later increasing following the publicity of the larger canadian army in the second world war , the spreading use of newspapers with the installation of radios in most homes by the 1920s and 1930s beaming news and entertainment into all homes , followed by television 's impact after world war ii , and with the increasing population with the domestic , cultural and artistic accomplishments of native canadians and increased participation of assimilated immigrant groups brought an accompanying desire to have the dominion of canada 's sovereign status reflected in distinct nationalistic symbols ( such as flags , anthem seal , etc. ) .
14	owned and operated by associated pleasure parks , the zoo had such attractions as seal , penguins , raccoon , pelican , chimpanzee , a whale , african elephant , tiger and an orangutan .
23	the source of nutrition for the chono , yahgans , and alcaaluf thus mainly consisted of sea food such as ; whale , seal porpoise , guanaco , and otter .
23	the 2006 delhi sealing drive was a campaign by the municipal corporation of delhi ( mcd ) to close ( and thus '' seal '' the locks of ) a number of illegal commercial establishments in delhi , india which are running in residential areas without authorization .
21	waterfowl and shorebirds occupy the bay during all but the winter season , while waterbirds and marine mammals including otter , seal , porpoise , and whale remain in the bay all year .
17	'' american idol sligh auditioned in birmingham , alabama singing '' kiss from a rose '' by seal , after which paula abdul gave him a standing ovation and said , '' i like you very much .
13	more than twenty years on , he is still active , producing with seal , tina turner , paul mccartney , tom jones , cher , simple minds , belle and sebastian , t.a.t.u. , charlotte church , captain , pet shop boys and robbie williams among his many credits .
28	while his name might imply that he turns into a guppy , his features , including flipper-shaped legs and pin teeth , are more closely related to a seal or sea lion .
43	the ability to '' piggyback '' or use various animal companions , called '' animal buddies '' , returns from its predecessor , such as squitter the spider , glimmer the anglerfish , rambi the rhino , rattly the rattlesnake , nerk the seal , enguarde the swordfish , and squawks the parrot , which can boost the gameplay experience , proving advantageous at certain points in a level or the whole level overall .
5	symbols an engraving of the seal of the order , showing its '' tau '' symbol .
27	paramyxoviruses are also responsible for a range of diseases in other animal species , for example canine distemper virus ( dog ) , phocine distemper virus ( seal ) , cetacean morbillivirus ( dolphin and porpoise ) , newcastle disease virus ( birds ) , and rinderpest virus ( cattle ) .
11	an exception is the black-faced sheathbill , an opportunistic scavenger around seal and penguin colonies and the only solely terrestrial breeding bird species present on the islands .
2	ba'alis 's seal ( shown on the cover of the issue of biblical archaeology review , where this article was first published ) is made of brown agate with white bands and is in fact quite tiny ( 0.5 inches in diameter and 0.2 inches thick ) .
18	the importance of the galley to the sea-kings of the crovan dynasty is illustrated in its implementation upon seal that certain members are known to have used .
34	other animals appearing on the show included a chesapeake bay retriever named spray ( real name was chobee from okeechobee , florida ) ( seen only in a few early episodes ) , a seal , a baby elephant , alligator , a female albino dolphin ( whose baby flipper fathered during her only appearance , in the '' white dolphin '' episode ) ; and another female dolphin , introduced at the end of the second season , dubbed '' lorelei '' by the ricks family .
10	he has often worked with producer trevor horn including for seal and rod stewart .
36	the running speed of cheetahs is almost certainly subject to stabilizing selection , as would be the size of the wings of a bird , the thickness of the layer of subcutaneous blubber of whale or seal , or the hardness and rate of growth of the hooves of zebra .
5	the flexible nature of this seal allows pressure effects to cross the barrier but not the material being contained .
13	no other food resource receives as much emphasis as salmon ; however , seal and game are both close seconds .
18	carin has worked with amnesty international , greenpeace , 4 seasons of hope for fundraising events playing with seal , elvis costello , the chieftains , spinal tap , and many others .
9	artefacts retrieved include evidence of bear , marten , seal and porpoise , but also reveal hunting and gathering technologies through discovery of bone spear , elk antler harpoon and flint .
36	in applying the traditional christian interpretation of the hebrew bible as a series of prefigurations of the gospel story , jordan also writes that '' the fact that the den was sealed points forward to the seal on jesus ' tomb .
12	other two days of the week , the same boat is offering seal - safari from langør at stavns fjord .
21	on 23 april 2013 , monsieur adi announced on facebook and twitter that he was '' writing and producing music with seal , '' to which the british singer/songwriter later confirmed on twitter .
72	that the town council is desirous of having armorial bearing duly established with lawful authority and he therefore as town mayor of the town of horwich and on behalf of the council thereof did request the favor of his grace 's warrant for our granting and assigning such arms and crest as we may consider fit and proper to be borne and used by the town council of horwich on its common seal or otherwise according to the laws of arms .
10	she was judged for treason and for the forgery of seal .
128	the album features akon , ashanti , babyface , ben jelen , bilal , bonnie mckee , bonnie raitt , brandy , claudette ortiz , don yute , eric clapton , ellie lawson , emmylou harris , everclear , eve , fabolous , faith evans , farena , floetry , freckles , jadakiss , jamie foxx , jaheim , jon b , julia fordham , jurassic 5 , kristine w , lady saw , lenny kravitz , mary j. blige , marques houston , matt nathanson , mc lyte , monica , miri ben-ari , missy elliott , mr. north , musiq , mystic , nate dogg , of a revolution , omarion , raphael saadiq , rev run , res , russell simmons , $ 5 , seal , the latin kings , tracy edmonds , wayne wonder , wyclef jean and yoko ono .
21	bouvet island was claimed in 1927 ( formally in 1930 ; in 1935 the island was declared a nature reserve for seal ) .
11	the first documented use of the flemish lion was on the seal of philip d'alsace , count of flanders of 1162 .
15	other notable british artists in pop music include ; spice girls , george michael , seal , leona lewis , one direction , ed sheeran and robbie williams .
13	2013 -- present in april 2013 , connie mitchell was a mentor to seal 's artists on the australian version of the voice .
12	his name is denoted with the letters k and t in his seal .
15	name sæl is the pre-1917 reform bokmål version of the norwegian word sel , meaning seal .
108	activities/master classes the academy is a host to master-classes by nationally and internationally-renowned musicians , producers and managers including : albert lee ( eric clapton , the everly brothers ) , laurie jenkins ( kasabian , beverley knight ) , guthrie govan ( dizzee rascal ) , ash soan ( adele , robbie williams ) , katie holmes ( professor green , lily allen ) , oli saville and nathan curran ( basement jaxx ) , luke bullen and arnulf linder ( kt tunstall ) , dave troke ( overtones ) , vintage trouble , vula malinga ( mark ronson , sam sparro ) , simon have ( seal , george michael ) , bruce findlay ( simple minds ) .
10	the clerk also was the custodian of the court 's seal , which is used to authenticate copies of the court 's order , judgments and other records .
23	since moving to london , allen has shared the stage with artists such as emmylou harris , mark knopfler , kt tunstall , seal and josé gonzález .
5	relations with william of scotland seal of william i , king of scots .
15	assynt is renowned for having diverse wildlife and achmelvich is no exceptions with cetacean , seal , basking shark , otter , pine marten , osprey and white-tailed eagle having been seen in the area .
14	donkey and horse milk have the lowest fat content , while the milk of seal and whale may contain more than 50 % fat .
45	durisdeer is often taken as an anglo - latin corruption of dorus doire , entrance to the wood or thicket ; but the word dair is also an old gaelic word for an oak , and this is probably why andrew had acorn on his seal .
41	in 1994 , the song '' how do you stop '' , that he co-wrote with dan hartman for james brown 's 1986 album gravity was covered by joni mitchell on her album turbulent indigo in a version featuring vocals by seal .
16	his mother , empress wei , committed suicide after emperor wu sent messengers to seize her seal as a punishment of supporting her son 's uprising .
59	typical o-ring and application an o-ring , also known as a packing , or a toric joint , is a mechanical gasket in the shape of a torus ; it is a loop of elastomer with a round cross-section , designed to be seated in a groove and compressed during assembly between two or more parts , creating a seal at the interface .
13	in the period that enguerrand founded his order , he chose a new seal .
7	the island has large sand dune where seal and otter can be found .
10	at the circus , tiny introduces panny to a local seal .
42	sightseeing saw rob hit his peak as a singer , writer and producer , bringing together his rocking live band and a host of top guest 's including , guitarist steve harris ( gary numan ) , keyboard player richard cottle ( seal ) , and percussionist miles bould ( sting ) .
13	these include canine distemper virus ( dog ) , phocine distemper virus ( seal ) , cetacean morbillivirus ( dolphin and porpoise ) newcastle disease virus ( birds ) and rinderpest virus ( cattle ) .
41	1981 - 1985 : conservatory köln 1985 - 1988 : scholarship holder at the herbert karajan stiftung in berlin for classic trumpet ( professors : robert platt and ack van rooyen ) baldauf played with james brown , liza minnelli , seal , shirley bassey , michael bublé , and he was on tour with maceo parker , joe zawinul , shirley bassey , udo jürgens .
5	society and culture the musician seal has this skin condition .
4	simultaneously , coins and seal inscribed with a mysterious script were also discovered .
14	these claims included : fighting amongst the insurrectionists in uruguay , to have hunted seal down the south american coast and around cape horn as well as labrador , and to have played rugby in france , germany , south africa , india and north and south america .
2	edmund 's seal ( 19th-century reproduction by henri d'arbois de jubainville ) life edmund soon obtained , however , important possessions and dignities , for soon after the forfeiture of simon de montfort , 6th earl of leicester on 25 october 1265 , edmund received the earldom of leicester and later that of lancaster .
31	in the animistic tradition of north-eurasian peoples , kutkh has a variety of interactions and altercations with wolf , fox , bear , wolverine , mouse , owl , dog , seal , walrus and a host of other spirits .
16	festive clothing is commonly worn to the event , and highly decorated mukluk and parkas of seal , caribou , wolverine , wolf , and fox are abundant .
6	the writ was authenticated by a seal and gradually replaced the diploma as evidence of land tenure during the late anglo-saxon and early norman periods .
25	subsistence activities are a large part of the culture for indigenous people and nanwalek is no exception , especially when it comes to salmon and seal harvesting .
42	the cd is positioned to reach a broad and popular audience with an accessible collection of inspiring tracks from artists including sarah mclachlan , ziggy marley , peter gabriel , michael franti , sheryl crow , krishna das , anjelique kidjo , seal & guru singh , anoushka shankar & sting .
23	in 2005 , he was the music director of the argent mortgage orchestrated concert series , which included shows with leann rimes , seal , jewel ( singer ) and duran duran .
7	he has collaborated with such artists as seal , sarah brightman , josh groban , john legend , bebe winans , gladys knight , jessica simpson , shaffer '' ne-yo '' smith , skylar grey , mozella , sacha skarbek , randy jackson , dj khalil , carole bayer sager , jc chasez , fergie , kardinal offishall , bc jean , planet vi , boi-1da , as a songwriter , musician and producer .
13	it is the symbol of the catholic university of leuven , in whose seal it is enclosed in a vesica piscis shape whose margin bears the text '' universitas catholica lovaniensis .
41	the church takes it name from saint eric , the 12th-century king of sweden who , having been slain by a danish prince , came to be regarded as a martyr and the patron saint of stockholm , depicted in the seal and coat of arms of the city .
15	the engineers had developed a good background in the metallurgy of housing , high speed seal , radial inflow turbines , and centrifugal compressor .
0	seal of alexander ii , king of scots .
7	the two-time grammy nominee has worked with seal , coldplay , paul oakenfold , alanis morissette , dido , jem , niyaz , ryuichi sakamoto , khaled , tiesto , bt , esthero , a.r . rahman and pete townshend .