0	crane provide a well-known example .
7	; auspicious birds and beasts : mandarin crane ( '' tsuru '' ) and turtle with trailing tail of algae ( minogame ) represent longevity and good fortune .
39	the name cranberry derives from '' craneberry '' , first named by early european settlers in america who felt the expanding flower , stem , calyx , and petals resembled the neck , head , and bill of a crane .
14	this is characteristic of herons and bittern , and distinguishes them from stork , crane , and spoonbill , which extend their necks .
15	fauna and flora famous animals in the national park include the red deer , the crane , the white-tailed eagle and the osprey .
16	carden first appearance : '' blind leading the blind '' voice actor : gregory cooper a crane monster with no rinshi form .
15	origin of name the place name cranbrook derives from old english cran broc , meaning crane marsh , marshy ground frequented by cranes ( although more probably herons ) .
6	marion 's last name is '' crane .
89	; avifauna the avifauna recorded in the lake , particularly in the festive season when they gather in the early hours of the morning ( dispersed with human presence ) at the middle of the lake are : grebe ( podiceps ruficollis ) , common merganser -- mergus merganser , large cormorant ( phalacrocorax carbo ) , little cormorant ( phalacrocorax niger ) , common teal ( anascrecca ) , tufted duck ( aythya fuligula ) , white-breasted waterhen ( amaurornis phoenicurus ) , moorhen ( gallimlachorophy ) and crane brown amaurornisbi color .
4	bird species include the crane , which has only recently started to breed in the area , bittern , little grebe , red-necked grebe , teal , snipe and curlew .
3	auk cock cormorant crane dove duck without beak or legs is called the merlette eagle , usually displayed , i.e. with wings spread alerion : eagle without beak or feet double-headed eagle falcon goose gull or seagull hawk heron magpie : otton de cazeneuve bore '' or , three magpies sable '' at falkirk .
71	once again , the story strays away from the established , albeit loose , continuity of the original spider-ham stories by altering the character 's origin and supporting characters , most notably in establishing peter porker as a natural-born pig bitten by a radioactive spider ( directly mirroring spider-man 's origin ) and altering his love interest ( a counterpart of mary jane watson ) from a water buffalo to a crane .
5	the logo is a white crane on a red vertical tail fin .
52	taxonomy and systematics flying at a falconry display at palmitos park , canary islands , spain its scientific name is latin ancient greek and means '' black-and-white crane-eagle '' or ( if called buteo melanoleucos ) '' black-and-white buzzard '' : geranoaetus comes from ancient greek géranos ( γέρανoς ) , '' crane '' + aetós ( ἆετός ) , '' eagle '' .
13	its name came from anglo-saxon cran-ford = '' ford frequented by heron or crane '' and it covered an almost north-south rectangle lengthwise of .
29	these include several species of duck , flycatcher , heron , plover , rails , and swallow , as well as one species of kingfisher and one species of crane .
20	while it contains some inaccurate or mythological articles ( for example , the articles on the horseshoe crab and the crane ) , it also distinguished itself from the common '' everyday encyclopedias '' ( riyong leishu 日用類書 ) at that time by being accurate in some other articles ( for example , accurate depictions of the japanese and korean people 's clothing , and a very accurate world map ( the shanhai yudi quantu ) .
9	the sanctuary also is habitat for harriers , common crane , black partridge ( local name : ` kalo tetar ' ) , sand grouse , black and grey francolin , spotted and indian sandgrouse , quails , larks , shrikes , coursers and plovers .
14	the name parvigrus is derived from the latin parvus for small and grus for crane , the specific epithet refers to burkhard pohl who obtained the specimen for the wyoming dinosaur center .
10	loon , grebes , pelican , hawk and eagle , crane , sandpiper , gull , parrots , and owls are among the families missing this feather .
52	some are straight with a '' joint '' ( sandblasted top part of stem , usually about 1 inch long , and all the way around , tapered or cone shaped , so the tapered , or '' cone shaped '' bowl will fit in ) some are bent to resemble a crane .
34	the name was replaced by kuressaare ( probably meaning '' island of the curonian people , '' with the name of the people , the kure , ultimately coming from the estonian kurg : crane ) in 1918 after estonia had declared its independence from bolshevist russia .
6	the gamble family crest , a crane and trailing rose , was integrated in part or whole in many locations around the house .
5	he is accompanied by a crane and a turtle , which are considered to be symbols of longevity .
9	animals animals at the zoo include mandarin duck , crane , red panda , chimpanzee , hamadryas baboon , reptile , lion , tiger , tanuki ( raccoon dogs ) , badger , pheasant , love bird , zebra , giraffe , flamingo , camel , ruffed lemur , white-mantled black colobus , black-capped capuchin , swan , duck , kagu , penguin , wallaby , deer , eagle , owl , condor , bear , and tokyo bitterling .
9	the ornate bridge railings are decorated with carvings of crane and other animals .
9	grus is a genus of large bird in the crane family .
21	the camera cuts to show him screwing up a piece of green card into a ball which turns into an origami crane and flies away as he opens his hands .
137	there are regional programs for the conservation of endangered species : americas : species survival plan ssp ( association of zoos and aquariums aza , canadian association of zoos and aquariums caza ) europe : european endangered species programme eep ( european association of zoos and aquaria eaza ) australasia : australasian species management program asmp ( zoo and aquarium association zaa ) africa : african preservation program app ( african association of zoological gardens and aquaria paazab ) japan : conservation activities of japanese association of zoos and aquariums jaza south asia : conservation activities of south asian zoo association for regional cooperation sazarc south east asia : conservation activities of south east asian zoos association seaza challenges captive breeding techniques are usually difficult to implement for highly mobile species like some migratory birds ( e.g. crane ) and fishes ( e.g. hilsa ) .
2	the izumi crane migration grounds cover a 245ha paddy field area of izumi plain in the northwest of kagoshima prefecture known for the about ten-thousand cranes which pass the winter there from every year mid october to march .
14	buffalo ) : the bpz3 armoured recovery vehicle includes both a bulldozer and a crane with integral winch , allowing it to approach damaged vehicles , even over rough and fought-over terrain , and tow them to safety .
39	before extensive use of container ships and shore-based handling machinery in the united states , longshoremen referred exclusively to the dockworkers , while stevedores , in a separate trade union , worked on the ships , operating ship 's crane and moving cargo .
1	a crane is still provided on this platform .
26	meanwhile , word has come that germany has surrendered , but murphy is obsessed with revenge and makes plans to ram the u-boat with a floating crane owned by the friendly frenchman louis ( philippe noiret ) .
3	the scaffold and crane - like structures represented by many constructivist architects are used for the finished forms of his designs and buildings .
16	he was awarded one of the first patent ever issued in order to protect an ingenious crane he designed to raise the large masonry stones to the top of the structure .
7	she gave the port of bristol a crane in 1475 , at the welsh back .
5	the port 's facilities include crane , large berth , and warehouse , but these facilities are not in good condition .
24	one of the most common types on modern railways are container trains , where containers can be lifted on and off the train by crane and loaded off or onto truck or ship .
41	types crane-climbing formwork : the working platform and the formwork are a unit climbing formwork ( crane-climbing ) - in this type of climbing formwork , the formwork around the structure is displaced upwards with the help of one or more crane once the hardening of the concrete has proceeded far enough .
9	a series of nine late-19th century 160-ton capacity hydraulic crane for naval use .
1	a crane at the surface removes the soil with a clamshell bucket .
25	david blaine stands on a pole for vertigo in the middle of bryant park in new york vertigo on may 22 , 2002 , a crane lifted blaine onto a 100-foot ( 30 m ) high and 22-inch ( 0.56 m ) wide pillar in bryant park , new york city .
3	a 10-ton overhead crane straddled the track .
11	after eteläsatama was put solely to passenger traffic , the harbor crane and the track were dismantled in 1972 .
12	hydrauliska industri ab ( hiab ) is a swedish manufacturer of loader crane , demountable container handlers , forestry cranes , truck-mounted forklift and tail lift .
6	the crash was heard by a crane driver at , who reported the fact to the berthing master .
6	the workers were using an overhead crane , parked under the railway 's electric power lines .
49	in prefabricated construction , only the foundations are constructed in this way , while sections of wall , floors and roof are prefabricated ( assembled ) in a factory ( possibly with window and door frames included ) , transported to the site , lifted into place by a crane and bolted together .
32	once the home has reached its location , the axles and the tongue of the frame are then removed , and the home is set on a concrete foundation by a large crane .
8	grapple , the architect , transforms into a crane ; hoist , who serves in maintenance , transforms into a toyota hi-lux 4wd tow truck model ; inferno , who serves in search and rescue , transforms into a fire engine ; red alert , the security director , transforms into a fire chief 's lamborghini countach ; skids , the theoretician , transforms into a honda city turbo ; smokescreen , the diversionary tactician , transforms into a 1979 custom datsun 280zx ; and tracks , a warrior , transforms into a 1980 chevrolet corvette .
13	they produced the range of nck agricultural equipment , skimmers , excavator , crane and dragline that were renowned for high quality and long life , typically over 20 years .
9	a new loading dock was also built and a crane was later provided .
13	in horizontal vertical and transport great progress resulted from the invention of the crane , the winch , the wheelbarrow and the odometer .
10	the tornadoes killed two people who were caught on construction crane when the tornado hit .
119	types of operators ; broadcasting : technical operator , transmission controller or broadcast operator : network operations center ( noc ) operator master control ( mcr ) operator production control room ( pcr ) operator transmission control room ( tcr ) operator video tape operator ( vto ) certified television operator ( cto ) by society of broadcast engineers ( sbe ) certified radio operator ( cro ) operator - by ( sbe ) studio technical operator ( gallery operator ) : vision mixer operator - technical director ( td ) sound and comms ( talkback ) studio operator kc-135 boom operator camera operator jib ( camera ) operator boom operator dolly grip operator ; other : computer operator crane operator radio operator satellite controller switchboard operator winch operator nuclear power plant operator gallery image : hg winch operator .
18	in addition to the two main loads , the little david unit would also include a bulldozer and crane with bucket to dig the emplacement for the mortar 's base .
25	from there , they were brought in early morning hours through the holland tunnel to the construction site , and lifted into place by a crane .
8	the company is concentrated on product high quality crane .
19	when operated , it moves at 2 miles per hour ; to move it around the streets requires 16 crane , six forklift truck , eight cherry picker and 250 crew .