6	jonas harrow was hired by the hood to take advantage of the split in the superhero community caused by the superhuman registration act .
2	honey lemon hood hoodwink hope hope ( esperanza ling ) is a fictional mutant in the marvel comics universe .
28	after the skrulls were defeated , she joined the cabal , consisting of herself , norman osborn , emma frost , doctor doom , namor , and the hood , so osborn could launch his new world order , promising loki asgard back in the heavens where it belonged .
14	sasha kravinoff hires her to steal mac gargan 's original scorpion costume from the hood who plans to award it to the low-level crook that impresses him after receiving the scorpion costume from norman osborn .
10	he survives , and is captured by osborn and the hood , who make an offer to bring his brother back .
27	during the dark reign storyline , black panther was meeting with namor about joining the cabal ( which also consisted of doctor doom , emma frost , hood , loki , and norman osborn ) .
27	in a plot to rule earth , he had special suits made for the ambitious people that want to rule the world with one of them being hood 's cousin john king , who became cancer .
1	the hood sends grizzly to take out the punisher and anyone working with him .
11	digger appears with the night shift , as part of the hood 's gang .
5	blackout was hired by the hood to take advantage of the split in the superhero community caused by the superhuman registration act .
18	sharing most of its sheet-metal with the maverick , it used a different grille , taillight , and hood , as well as different badging .
12	the body shell of the na was all-steel with a light-weight aluminium hood .
27	power types diesel a switcher once used on ( back then ) military premises diesel switchers tend to have a high cab and often lower and/or narrower hood ( bonnets ) containing the diesel engines , for all round visibility .
11	common requirements for automobiles include structure ( examples : windsheld and hood ) and safety equipment ( examples : headlamp and bumpers ) .
4	the logo on the hood featured the lamborghini bull inside the chrysler pentastar .
20	the graphics used were copied from the 1974 volkswagen of america decal kit , and the position on the front hood 53 was higher up .
16	this was sometimes not the case however and certain kustoms packed some serious punch under the hood .
40	the first known street-legal fiberglass dune buggy , it featured a unibody shell that fused body , fenders and frame , retaining just the engine , transmission and other mechanicals of the vw , and with no top and no hood .
30	the jeeps were stripped down and altered locally : metal roofs were added for shade ; and the vehicles decorated in vibrant colors with chrome-plated ornaments on the sides and hood .
21	again , the font of the 53 is different , and it is slightly bigger and lower down on the front hood .
19	design the neckline is the highest line of the top , and may be as high as a head-covering hood , or as low as the waist or bottom hem of the top .
4	boilersuits with an attached hood are available .
5	this coat has a regular hood .
5	a distinctive feature is a hood which could cover nearly all the face , with a cut for the eyes and possibly for the mouth , which may be folded back .
7	one of the women is wearing a hood over her head .
4	it sometimes includes a hood .
5	they may have an attached hood , and may cover and fasten down the front , in which case they have holes or slits for the hands to pass through .
17	traditional inuit anorak traditional caribou parka a parka or anorak is a type of coat with a hood , often lined with fur or faux fur .
10	in some sauna suits , the jacket also includes a hood to provide additional retention of body heat .
1	white hood with eye holes .