64	neighborhood celebrations are held in cuernavaca , mostly for patron saints , they include 15 may , the feast of san isidro labrador ; 13 june , the feast of san antonio in the neighborhood of san antón , with aztec dances ; 6 august , the feast of the savior or the transfiguration in ocotepec , featuring the moors and christians dance , mole , and pulque ; 10 august the feast of san lorenzo in chamilpa ; 15 august , the festival of the assumption of mary in santa maría ahuacatilán ; and 8 september , festival of nuestra señora de los milagros in tlaltenango .
28	baranov had been recruited by the u.s. central intelligence agency ( cia ) and agreed to spy for them , but was betrayed to the russians by a mole in either the federal bureau of investigation ( fbi ) or the cia and spent five years in prison before being released .
28	at 25 ° c δ g in kj · mol − 1 = 5.708 p k a ( 1 kj · mol − 1 = 1000 joule per mole ) .
9	he listed several species of the family talpidae ( mole and related species ) from vieux collonges , including '' espèce c '' ( '' species c '' ) , which he named as a new genus and species , veratalpa lugdunensiana , in a footnote .
9	unbeknownst to the prison authorities smith was actually a mole for the imprisoned ulster volunteer force ( uvf ) leader gusty spence , passing on information about the conditions in which the internees were being held .
9	the fraction of guanine + cytosine pairs is 65 mole percent .
76	there are colonies of herons and cormorants ( including pygmy cormorant ) , and other species include white-tailed eagle , buzzards , eurasian sparrowhawk , common spoonbill , western marsh harrier , montagu 's harrier , red-breasted goose , ferruginous duck , osprey , wild goose , stork , heron , woodcock etc. variety of mammals include wild hog , roe deer , red fox , european brown hare , muskrat , bat , hedgehog , mole , weasel , hamster , european ground squirrel , european polecat , etc. nature reserve special nature reserve of stari begej-carska bara was proclaimed in 1955 , with status being revised in 1995 .
5	dunkerque was tied alongside the mole with her stern facing the sea , so she could not return fire .