26	after study at heidelberg , göttingen , and bonn , he became docent in history at berlin in 1873 and in 1880 was appointed to a chair of modern history there .
10	she later became a successful lawyer , author , and chair of national commission on libraries and information science .
5	they are used when the chair of a committee refuses to place a bill or resolution on the committee 's agenda ; by never reporting a bill , the matter will never leave the committee , and the full house will not be able to consider it .
10	otherwise , it is merely for the guidance of the chair .
7	in 1976 he accepted a call to chair the academic department for mathematical logic and foundations of mathematics at freie universität berlin .
3	gan is current chair of the department of environmental sciences at university of california , riverside .
9	the majority of associations are structured to include a chair , vice-chair , secretary , treasurer and committee members .
7	he has been a board member and chair of the local branches of the norwegian state food authority and the norwegian association of local and regional authorities .
6	he is well known as the chair of the editorial committee for the international code of botanical nomenclature ( icbn ) - both the previous st louis code ( 2000 ) , and tokyo code ( 1994 ) , but not the current vienna code ( 2006 ) .
2	harman became chair of cardiovascular research at the university of nebraska college of medicine in 1958 .
9	unforeseen complications with his work emerge as the new chair of the calsci physics , mathematics , and astronomy division , dr. mildred finch , in the episode '' waste not '' , makes charlie head of the ph.d. admissions committee against his wishes , bogging him down with more work , and gives him pressures about using the school 's supercomputer for fbi work or missing classes for such .
9	each standing and select committee is led by a chair ( who belongs to the majority party ) and a ranking member ( who belongs to the minority party ) .
12	'' he has been dating dr. mildred '' millie '' finch , chair of the calsci physics , mathematics , and astronomy division .
1	the chair may rule on the point of order or submit it to the judgment of the assembly .
6	in 1866 he was offered the chair of geology and paleontology in the school of mines , columbia college ( now columbia university ) , which he accepted and held for 24 years .
7	in 1873 he was appointed to the chair of geography at the polytechnic institute , munich .
26	a simple rising vote ( in which the number of members voting on each side are counted ) is used principally in cases in which the chair believes a voice vote has been taken with an inconclusive result , or upon a motion to divide the assembly .
30	administrative positions : rector ( ) provost ( ) vice-rectors ( academic , research , financial , foreign activity ) dean ( ) associate deans ( academic , research ) chair ( head ) of a department ( ) head of administrative departments professorship in russia the university academic career to the rank of professor usually starts right after graduation .
19	in july 2009 , at the mayor of london and hm government 's request , he set up and chair a board directing the cultural olympiad , and also joined the london organising committee for the olympic games board .
2	she was chair of the wimbledon conservative association for a year from 2002 .
2	he was chair of the political science department at stanford from 1964 to 1969 and spent time as a visiting professor at the university of tokyo , the university of belo horizonte , and the taras shevchenko national university of kyiv .
3	modern use the chair of a student society in the netherlands or belgium may be called a praeses ; in dutch the official spelling has changed to '' preses '' but most student societies still observe the latin spelling .
17	it is a symbol of the authority and right to act officially in the capacity of a chair or presiding officer .
27	from 1863 to 1882 he was professor of diseases of the eye and ear at his alma mater , and from 1875 to 1880 held a similar chair in the university of vermont ( burlington ) .
21	it also represents the authority of presiding officers ; thus the expression passing the gavel signifies an orderly succession from one chair to another .
6	each committee is led by a chair who belongs to the majority party and a ranking member of the minority party .
3	she was the chair of the norwegian institute for nature and cultural heritage research from 1997 to 2001 ( since 2003 split into the norwegian institute for nature research and the norwegian institute for cultural heritage research ) and of the genøk - centre for biosafety from 2006 .
3	he serves as chair and president of the board of directors of one la - industrial areas foundation , one of the nation 's largest community organizing networks and of 1010 development corporation , a non-profit affordable housing developer in los angeles rooted in the united methodist tradition .
1	the chair of the house elections committee , representative diane rosenbaum , dismissed such concerns .
57	following this , several provisional , green paper versions , pren 3910 p1 & p2 , were produced by working-group c2-gt9 of the association europeene des constructeurs de materiel aerospatial ( aecma ) ( now asd-stan ) , before its development also ceased in 1996-7 ( following the withdrawal of the french delegation , who held the chair of aecma c2-gt9 at the time ) .
6	its furniture products include table , chair , shelving units , bed , dining room set , bedroom set and more .
5	the match started with several chair shots from both competitors .
18	types of upholstery traditional upholstery traditional upholstery is a craft which evolved over centuries for padding and covering chair , seats and sofas , before the development of sewing machines synthetic fabrics and plastic foam .
13	a typical western living room may contain furnishings such as a sofa , chair , occasional table , and bookshelves , electric lamp , rugs , or other furniture .
7	one player will be left without a chair , and will stand in the center of the circle .
36	the shrinks in revenge for the wormy spaghetti , mr. twit glues pieces of wood no thicker than a penny onto mrs. twit 's cane each night , as well as onto the legs of her chair , making mrs. twit believe that she is slowly shrinking .
29	it is composed of different sections : clinic medical forensic pathology psychiatry and psychology forensic medicine labor criminal objectives deposit criminal museum canine unit account in addition to the chair in medicine of university of costa rica as a teacher .
40	bob holly became the new hardcore champion on the banks of the mississippi river the hardcore match between the two j.o.b . squad members began with al snow throwing bob holly out of the ring and hitting him with a chair before throwing him into the crowd .
5	although designed to be a chair , due to its amorphous nature it is often confused with a : hassock , tuffet and ottoman .
14	'' within the united states conference of catholic bishops , morin has served as chair of the subcommittee of the catholic campaign for human development , and as a member of the committee on domestic justice and human development and the committee on national collections .
10	copeland was probably the originator of a peculiar type of chair back , popular for a few years in the middle of the 18th century , consisting of a series of interlaced circles .
10	a seat is also known as a bench , a chair , a chaise longue , chesterfield , a couch , a davenport or a settee .
54	common design elements include : top surfaces of various shapes , including rectangular , rounded or semi-circular legs arranged in two or more similar pairs several geometries of folding table that can be collapsed into a smaller volume heights ranging up and down from the most common range , often reflecting the height of chair or bar stool used as seating for people making use of a table , as for eating or performing various manipulations of objects resting on a table presence or absence of drawer expansion of the surface by insertion of leaves or locking hinged drop leaf sections into horizontal position .
19	since the mid-17th century a chair-maker , or chairbler , is a craftsman in the furniture trades specializing in chair .
18	a sitting position sitting requires the buttocks resting on a more or less horizontal structure , like a chair or the ground .
1	the chair would '' reduce the expenses of hotels by decreasing the number of waiters and attendants , to add to the convenience and comfort of guests and to obviate the necessity of hand clapping or calling aloud to obtain the services of pages .
35	titus was the neutral space 's only occupant except in two episodes , when he was replaced by ken and erin , respectively , and would appear always wearing similar clothes , with a wooden chair , a lightbulb , and the bland walls .
2	jpg thonet chair wien museum karlplatz file : thonet-exhibition 58 .
17	a sling being used to carry an injured man sling furniture is usually a suspended , free-swinging chair , bed , or hammock that is made of a framework connected to hanging straps or rope .
2	sometimes , chair or benchlike seats are used as well , and occasionally mounts can be shaped like airplanes or cars .
8	during the late 17th century he won the chair of mathematics and astronomy at the university of mexico .
7	cathedra is the latin word for a chair with armrests , and it appears in early christian literature in the phrase '' cathedrae apostolorum '' indicating authority derived directly from the apostles ; its roman connotations of authority reserved for the emperor were later adopted by bishops after the 4th century .
4	he slumps into his chair with his head on his chest .
4	'' silla '' means chair in the spanish language .
2	she was chair of the canadian broadcasting corporation from july 16 , 2001 , until march 14 , 2005 , when she resigned in order to seek the nomination of the british columbia liberal party in that province 's 2005 election .
27	its product line offers both slipcovered and tailored upholstery in fabric and leather , including sleeper , sectionals , chairs , bed , ottoman , and dining chair .
18	garden furniture garden furniture may range from a patio set consisting of a table , four or six chair and a parasol , through benches , swings , various lighting , to stunning artifacts in brutal concrete or weathered oak .
9	it was first announced by bill gates , the chair of microsoft on 1 august 1988 at comdex in las vegas .
65	nearby is a showcase that displays memorabilia like school badges , erasers , pencil sharpener , fountain pen , ruler , pencil and a set of textbook that was commonly used in the past , the ` coffee shop ' the ` coffee shop ' resembling an old eatery ( ’kopi tiam’ ) , this setup comes complete with a cashier 's counter , wooden chair , stools , tables , mirror , clock , mechanical fan , ashtray , matchbox , counting frames , chopsticks , chopstick holders , drinking straw , spittoon , bottle opener , serving tray , coffee cup , ice grinders and a variety of soft drink .
34	a la-z-boy swivelling , rocking , recliner la-z-boy , inc. is a furniture manufacturer based in monroe , michigan , us , which makes home furniture , including upholstered recliner , sofas , stationary chair , and sleeper sofas .