17	resistance symbols like the flags or the weapons used by the peasants , in particular their typical club with nails on the hitting end ( called ( bauern - ) knüttel ) , were outlawed , confiscated , and destroyed .
20	it is forced wedding not unlike a shotgun wedding named after a knobstick , which is a type of wooden club .
11	after a fire erupts on the altar , nemis sees a club , he sees this as a sign from hera and asks who he needs to kill .
23	the epigonation ( greek : , literally meaning '' over the knee '' ) , or palitza ( russian : палица , '' club '' ) , is a vestment used in some eastern christian churches .
6	he wields a large , spiked club .
6	his weapon of choice is a club but he is dangerous with every weapon .
13	others such as california have general prohibitions against the carrying of all '' club '' weapons by non-law enforcement .
8	in the meantime , two men armed with club and net wait in the foyer to ensnare him , as three more men also watch from over the balcony .
41	contemporaries called him brazen , spiteful and violent , and it is reported that once , in the course of a difference of opinion with his chancellor -- archbishop ratbod of trier , no less -- zwentibold beat him with a club .
10	a mace is a blunt weapon , a type of club or virge that uses a heavy head on the end of a handle to deliver powerful blows .
25	steve beckett , co-owner of warp , has said that the electronic music the label was releasing at that point was targeting a post - club , home-listening audience .
61	northern soul and breakthrough their first release came in the form of '' colour my life '' , a limited white label pressing which got them some recognition , but it was the first official single '' how can i love you more ? '' that gave them their first top 30 hit and a following in and around the manchester club scene , where pickering was still dj-ing .
49	other artists who have used samples from wright 's 1975 -- 81 recordings include dilated peoples , atmosphere , infamous mobb , t.i. and armand van helden , the last of whom incorporated part of '' comin ' apart '' ( from the right place ) in his 2004 club hit '' my my my '' .
15	with the singer and guitarist , troyce key , he bought eli 's mile high club in north oakland , california .
21	gisele jackson , born in baltimore , maryland , is a globally acclaimed vocalist and house music diva known for international club hits , including the billboard charted # 2 , '' love commandments '' ( 1997 ) .
8	after a four year stint on philadelphia 's club circuit , they recruited a new lead vocalist , george williams in 1960 , and changed their name to the tymes .
29	in 2004 his single '' shine '' , re-creating a sample of the electric light orchestra 's 1979 track '' shine a little love '' , became an international club smash and was a top 20 hit on billboard's hot dance airplay chart in 2005 .
12	minawo was formed in 1999 after matsuura and yamaguchi met in a club while both were attending university of kitakyushu .
7	in september 2011 , logan made a club appearance in tucson , arizona .
21	release the single release , as with all prior delerium single releases since '' silence '' , marketed the song for club play by commissioning remix ( as with previous singles ) , this time from gielen , who had remixed previous delerium songs as airscape , and satoshi tomiie .
50	in 1807 , gibraltar merchants had founded a library in bedlam court , as they were denied membership of the garrison library , it being available only to members of the british garrison in the city ( the garrison library functioned not only as a library , but as a club , owned and run by and for military officers ; civilians were excluded , regardless of their prominence ) .
10	after about two three months later , another collaboration of club within the school organized another symposium and funfair which saw the presence of an old student of the school who is a tv presenter at tv3 , namely , gideon aryeequah .
23	he co-founded the wicked sound system and established a series of legendary underground parties which were important in putting san francisco on the club / rave map .
41	gorbunov palace of culture peasants ' palace of culture in dajipu township , huangshi municipality , hubei , china palace of culture ( , , wénhuà gōng ) or house of culture ( dom kultury ) was the name for major club - houses in the soviet union and the rest of the eastern bloc .
13	the four had met in 2001 after a live show in a magdeburg club , where listing and schäfer , who knew each other from music school , watched from the audience while bill and tom kaulitz played on the stage .
6	new brighton a.f.c. is a soccer club in christchurch , new zealand .
11	his band , avtomaticheskie udovletvoriteli , was a sort of underground club for dozen of local musicians , including kino 's late frontman , viktor tsoi , and tequilajazzz 's yevgeny fyodorov ( ) .
8	esporte clube são martinho , is an amateur club of football , founded in 1939 , based in tatuí city , são paulo .
4	it has one main club .
23	kngy as '' energy 92.7 '' offered a current-based mix of dance music , with top 40 , r&b remixes , disco and club classics from the 1970s , 1980s , and 1990s added into the presentation .