4	he also served as chair of akvaforsk , and later as a member of the board of the southern norway regional health authority and of blefjell hospital trust .
1	the chair of the convention , william gwin , was himself a slaveholder from tennessee .
13	a typical western living room may contain furnishings such as a sofa , chair , occasional table , and bookshelves , electric lamp , rugs , or other furniture .
4	a similar form of chair in domestic furniture is called '' prie-dieu '' by analogy .
3	he held the chair in civil law at the catholic university of quito for many years .
2	jpg thonet chair wien museum karlplatz file : thonet-exhibition 58 .
10	plot synopsis a naked woman is seen sitting on a chair in a room with view .
8	while in the house , goss served as chair of the house intelligence committee from 1997 until 2005 and the vice-chairman of the house rules committee .
13	he has often assisted the canadian disabled community , including serving as honorary chair of the and chairman emeritus of the .
24	vytlacil invited holty to participate in discussions which led to the formation of the american abstract artists , which holty would eventually come to chair , retaining his membership until 1944 .
9	the hon company designs and manufactures office furniture including chair , filing cabinet , workstations , tables , desk and education furniture .
3	he was also chair of chemistry and toxicology in the columbian university and later its dean .
19	in july 2009 , at the mayor of london and hm government 's request , he set up and chair a board directing the cultural olympiad , and also joined the london organising committee for the olympic games board .
5	the match started with several chair shots from both competitors .
54	risk factors the following risk factors have been identified for coccyx fracture : lack of/reduced muscle mass advanced age osteoporosis being of the female gender ( due to the wider pelvis typically found in females ) violence symptoms of coccyx fracture include : pain that increases in when sitting or getting up from a chair , or when experiencing bowel movement provoked pain over the tailbone nausea bruising or swelling in the tailbone area diagnosis x-rays are usually necessary , but this is not always the case .
4	gayle also served as chair of the obama administration 's presidential advisory council on hiv/aids .
7	cathedra is the latin word for a chair with armrests , and it appears in early christian literature in the phrase '' cathedrae apostolorum '' indicating authority derived directly from the apostles ; its roman connotations of authority reserved for the emperor were later adopted by bishops after the 4th century .
18	nga adopted a policy in 1977 formalizing its standard practice for many years : the position of nga chair alternates yearly between republican and democratic governors , so that neither party can control the position for two consecutive years .
23	he was professor of english literature at the university of southern california from 1905 to 1911 , when he was transferred to the chair of orient studies and comparative literature .
6	he is well known as the chair of the editorial committee for the international code of botanical nomenclature ( icbn ) - both the previous st louis code ( 2000 ) , and tokyo code ( 1994 ) , but not the current vienna code ( 2006 ) .
35	he is a member for life of clare hall , cambridge , at the university of cambridge , and is retired as a full professor of the university of melbourne , where he was previously chair of agriculture , dean of land and food resources , dean of agriculture , forestry and horticulture ( now faculty of land and environment ) .
9	it was first announced by bill gates , the chair of microsoft on 1 august 1988 at comdex in las vegas .
8	gamper has stated '' there is no perfect chair '' .
9	typically in a sidewalk cafe there are table and chair ( and sometimes bench ) for dining and relaxing .
5	early political career she was chair of the san mateo democratic party between 1978 and 1982 .
1	the chair may rule on the point of order or submit it to the judgment of the assembly .
17	a panel was set up by cr administration to supervise the establishment , with boonsing boonkham as chair .
12	li was transferred to professor of zhejiang university , and was the chair of its department of civil engineering .