6	each committee is led by a chair who belongs to the majority party and a ranking member of the minority party .
3	he serves as chair and president of the board of directors of one la - industrial areas foundation , one of the nation 's largest community organizing networks and of 1010 development corporation , a non-profit affordable housing developer in los angeles rooted in the united methodist tradition .
5	they are used when the chair of a committee refuses to place a bill or resolution on the committee 's agenda ; by never reporting a bill , the matter will never leave the committee , and the full house will not be able to consider it .
26	after study at heidelberg , göttingen , and bonn , he became docent in history at berlin in 1873 and in 1880 was appointed to a chair of modern history there .
3	modern use the chair of a student society in the netherlands or belgium may be called a praeses ; in dutch the official spelling has changed to '' preses '' but most student societies still observe the latin spelling .
1	the chair of the house elections committee , representative diane rosenbaum , dismissed such concerns .
7	in 1976 he accepted a call to chair the academic department for mathematical logic and foundations of mathematics at freie universität berlin .
27	from 1863 to 1882 he was professor of diseases of the eye and ear at his alma mater , and from 1875 to 1880 held a similar chair in the university of vermont ( burlington ) .
6	in 1866 he was offered the chair of geology and paleontology in the school of mines , columbia college ( now columbia university ) , which he accepted and held for 24 years .
9	unforeseen complications with his work emerge as the new chair of the calsci physics , mathematics , and astronomy division , dr. mildred finch , in the episode '' waste not '' , makes charlie head of the ph.d. admissions committee against his wishes , bogging him down with more work , and gives him pressures about using the school 's supercomputer for fbi work or missing classes for such .
18	a sitting position sitting requires the buttocks resting on a more or less horizontal structure , like a chair or the ground .
18	garden furniture garden furniture may range from a patio set consisting of a table , four or six chair and a parasol , through benches , swings , various lighting , to stunning artifacts in brutal concrete or weathered oak .
2	sometimes , chair or benchlike seats are used as well , and occasionally mounts can be shaped like airplanes or cars .
34	a la-z-boy swivelling , rocking , recliner la-z-boy , inc. is a furniture manufacturer based in monroe , michigan , us , which makes home furniture , including upholstered recliner , sofas , stationary chair , and sleeper sofas .
2	she was chair of the canadian broadcasting corporation from july 16 , 2001 , until march 14 , 2005 , when she resigned in order to seek the nomination of the british columbia liberal party in that province 's 2005 election .
4	he slumps into his chair with his head on his chest .
5	the match started with several chair shots from both competitors .
10	a seat is also known as a bench , a chair , a chaise longue , chesterfield , a couch , a davenport or a settee .
10	copeland was probably the originator of a peculiar type of chair back , popular for a few years in the middle of the 18th century , consisting of a series of interlaced circles .
35	titus was the neutral space 's only occupant except in two episodes , when he was replaced by ken and erin , respectively , and would appear always wearing similar clothes , with a wooden chair , a lightbulb , and the bland walls .