5	this coat has a regular hood .
13	a person who looks like the original blackout appears as part of the hood 's alliance with super-powered heroes .
45	other long-distance outings of note included one man and his chauffeur covering 10,000 miles in the united states with no breakdowns , as well as a pathfinder 12 driven by walter weidely ( son of george weidely , the designer of the engine under the hood ) cross-country for a total of 4921 miles .
10	it was also made from crude parts and without a hood for easy service access .
1	the hood sends grizzly to take out the punisher and anyone working with him .
9	later she was shot and severely beaten by the hood in her home in retaliation for having beaten jigsaw , a member of his fledgling super-criminal organization .
38	many aspects of the vehicle appearance may suffer in the term of everyday use and result in any of the following damages : stained or otherwise used upholstery , scratched bumpers , dings on the doors , chipped hood , dented quarter panel .
3	he battles the hood .
11	common requirements for automobiles include structure ( examples : windsheld and hood ) and safety equipment ( examples : headlamp and bumpers ) .
14	in dark reign crossover , he is one among many supervillains who joined the hood 's crime syndicate .
18	mind-wave was later among the eighteen criminals , all murdered by the scourge , to be resurrected by hood using the power of dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
22	the basic garments for women consisted of the smock , hose , kirtle , gown , surcoat , girdle , cape , hood , and bonnet .
29	while liz rides one of the horses around the track , nick , ignoring liz , is attracted to fran and her sports car , even checking under the hood .
5	they may have an attached hood , and may cover and fasten down the front , in which case they have holes or slits for the hands to pass through .
3	ringer later assisted hood into fighting counter force .
21	medusa has joined the group as well ( filling in for the presumably deceased black bolt ) after learning that the hood is targeting them for the infinity gems , seeking to reform the infinity gauntlet and regain the power he lost after the siege of asgard .
7	the surviving blood brother later joins the hood and his criminal empire , and helps fight the alien shape-shifting race the skrulls during the skrull invasion of earth .
14	during the dark reign storyline , white rabbit appears as a member of the hood 's gang .
15	'' dead end '' ( # 6 -- 10 , annual # 1 ) the hood 's crime organization grows at an alarming rate , eluding the authorities of new york city , most of the superhero population , and norman osborn and h.a.m.m.e.r. .