17	the band consisted of jeremy stanley on vocals , brian christensen on guitar , tom collins on bass and joshua zirbel on drums .
16	he started playing keyboard at the age of 9 and later learned to play guitar , bass and drums .
46	the band 's initial line-up featured pär wiksten ( vocals , guitar ) , christina bergmark ( born 1 march 1963 ) ( keyboards , vocals ) , stefan schönfeldt ( born 5 june 1965 ) ( guitars ) and his younger brother fredrik schönfeldt ( bass ) with gunnar karlsson ( drums ) and björn malmquist ( violin ) .
52	the original version of the band broke up after college , with original members elliot lurie and larry gonsky recruiting two new members to form the classic looking glass lineup : elliot lurie ( lead guitar and vocals ) jeff grob ( drums ) larry gonsky ( piano ) pieter sweval ( bass ) the group had the #1 hit single for the week of august 26 , 1972 with '' brandy ( you 're a fine girl ) '' , written by lurie ; and also a minor hit '' jimmy loves mary-anne '' ( 1973 ) , subsequently covered by josie cotton .
21	formed in 1980 , the band 's original line-up was shaun ryder on lead vocals , his brother paul ryder on bass , lead guitarist mark day , keyboardist paul davis , and drummer gary whelan .
14	com or simply ug , is a large guitarist community website including guitar and bass tablature , reviews of music and equipment , interviews with notable musicians , online written and video lessons , and forums .
20	since 1999 , the lineup has consisted of hans ( singer ) , herman ( guitar ) , ludwig ( bass ) and erik ( drum ) .
57	track listing ; digital download -- '' non me lo so spiegare '' ( 2004 ) personnel ; music credits michele canova -- arrangements , rhythmic programming , keyboards leonardo di angilla -- percussions tiziano ferro -- vocals , composer andrea fontana -- drums cristian rigano -- rhodes piano , acoustic piano , keyboards pino saracini -- bass davide tagliapietra -- guitars ; production credits michele canova -- prudcer , engineer , mixing sandro franchin -- additional engineer mara maionchi -- producer alberto salerno -- producer charts laura pausini cover laura pausini recorded the song as a duet with tiziano ferro for her 2006 's album io canto .
23	the band 's line-up , unchanged until their breakup , consisted of bradley nowell ( vocals and guitar ) , eric wilson ( bass ) and bud gaugh ( drums ) .
4	he plays guitar , bass , saxophone and flute for the post-rock band do make say think , and has also contributed to albums by broken social scene , feist , the hidden cameras and charles spearin .
32	theo jörgensmann and marcin oles in budapest , concert hall ship a 38 , september 2006 marcin oles ( born 1973 in sosnowiec , poland ) is a jazz and free improvisation bass player , composer and record producer .
29	these elements could be the melody , the counter-melody , the phrase and break in the melody , the beat , the back beat , the drum , the bass , the keys of the piano and any other musical or rhythmic components .
54	prima was backed by his las vegas group , sam butera & the witnesses , in its original line-up : sam butera ( tenor sax ) , james '' red '' blount ( trombone ) , william '' willie '' mccumber ( piano ) , jack marshall ( guitar ) , amado rodriques ( bass ) and robert '' bobby '' morris ( drums ) .
23	( wcs 062 ) ; released in 2012 on whaling city sound ; featured zé eduardo nazario on drums , john lockwood on bass , and jake sherman on keyboards .
55	an instrumental version was recorded in oslo on april 29 , 1954 by '' verden rundt 's '' all star band ( rowland greenberg ( trp ) - a. skjold ( trombone ) - k. stokke ( alt ) - k. bergheim ( tenor ) - knut hyrum ( baritone ) - i. børsum ( bass ) - scott lunde ( piano ) - k. o. hoff ( drums ) ) .
42	this is especially pronounced on the key recordings from 1965 ( the magic city , the heliocentric worlds of sun ra , volume one and the heliocentric worlds of sun ra , volume two ) where the intertwining lines of boykins ' bass and ra 's electronic keyboards provide the cohesion .
40	other versions include those by dean martin , chick corea , ella fitzgerald , sarah vaughan , lita roza , magni wentzel with einar iversen , trumpet , endre iversen , piano , tor braun , guitar , erik amundsen bass ( recorded on may 2 , 1960 and released on the single odeon nd 7373 ) , nancy wilson , rickie lee jones , sonny rollins , oscar peterson , jamie cullum , featuring paula cole on vocals , and mark isham and kate ceberano on their album of duets bittersweet ( 2009 ) , sophie milman ( released on the album take love easy , 2009 ) , gwilym simcock ( on his 2007 release perception ) and paul mccartney on his 2012 album , kisses on the bottom .
3	george duvivier -- bass art taylor -- drums january 13 , 1955 , side a track 5 and side b tracks 1-5 .
9	trevor hutchinson with lúnasa trevor hutchinson is an british bass player and a founding member of lúnasa .
46	the band was originally named foghorn leghorn and the lineup consisted of stephen '' sammy '' lind on fiddle and harmony vocals , the reverend p. t. grover , jr. , on banjo , caleb klauder on mandolin and harmony vocals , and brian bagdonas on bass .
17	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is festively scored for alto , tenor , and bass soloists , a four-part choir , trumpet , two oboe , two violin , viola and ( basso continuo ) ) including bassoon .
32	the founding members were olaf drauschke and guenter barton ( first and second baritone ) , holger off and marco woytowicz ( first and second tenor ) , tilmann f. rönnebeck ( bass ) , and horst maria merz ( pianist ) .
5	) was a german operatic bass .
16	( friedrich ) sebastian mayer ( actually meier , 1773 9 may 1835 ) was a bass singer and stage director of the classical era .
15	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for soprano , alto and bass soloists , a four-part choir , two oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
1	a bass with a rich , smooth and sonorous voice , he spent 22 seasons at new york 's metropolitan opera , appearing in more than 750 performances of 50 operas .
17	prosper dérivis nicolas-prosper dérivis ( 28 october 1808 - 11 february 1880 ) was a french operatic bass .
15	ferruccio furlanetto ( born 16 may 1949 in sacile , italy ) is an italian bass .
15	scoring and structure the cantata is intimately scored for soprano , alto , tenor and bass soloists , four-part choir and a small orchestra of two violin , bassoon obbligato , and basso continuo .
16	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for three vocal soloists ( soprano , alto and bass ) , a four-part choir , two alto recorder , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .