20	function the serratus posterior inferior draws the lower ribs backward and downward to assist in rotation and extension of the trunk .
9	the anterior rami supply the antero-lateral parts of the trunk and the limbs .
12	their arms and legs are nearly equal in length , and their trunk is long , allowing them to twist and extend to nearby branches .
13	it is similar to other rough sharks in having a stout , high trunk , a dorsally depressed head , and two sail-like dorsal fin with deeply embedded spines .
13	some have speculated that the muscle attachments were for a proboscis , or trunk , much like that of a tapir or elephant .
9	during forced expiration for speech , muscles of the trunk and abdomen reduce the size of the thoracic cavity by compressing the abdomen or pulling the rib cage down forcing air out of the lungs .
4	most occur on the trunk , thigh , and forearm , although they may be found anywhere in the body where fat is located .
20	anatomical focus lengthens the extensor muscles of the leg and the deep psoas muscles that connect the legs to the trunk .
65	it is loosely connected by areolar tissue to the aponeurosis of the obliquus externus abdominis , but in the midline it is more intimately adherent to the linea alba and to the pubic symphysis , and is prolonged on to the dorsum of the penis , forming the fundiform ligament ; above , it is continuous with the superficial fascia over the rest of the trunk ; below and laterally , it blends with the fascia lata of the thigh a little below the inguinal ligament ; medially and below , it is continued over the penis and spermatic cord to the scrotum , where it helps to form the dartos .
21	'' function the major function of the gluteus maximus is to extend the flexed thigh and bring it inline with the trunk .
8	it generally has a short , often twisted trunk and spreading branch .
8	the branch droop from a single , central trunk as the tree matures and is often pruned in human agriculture to optimize tree density and ease of fruit harvest .
10	the talipariti elatum tree is quite attractive with its straight trunk , broad green leaves and hibiscus - like flower .
4	while grapevines have woody trunk , the weight of a vine 's leafy canopy and grape clusters will often bring the vine 's cordon or '' arms '' down towards the ground unless it receives some form of support .
13	description the trees typically reach 40 meters in height and 1.8 meters in trunk diameter .
18	such plants usually grow into fairly erect shrubs ; and sometimes the main stem thickens to become a trunk , resulting in a small tree .
15	the jumping cholla is an arborescent ( tree - like ) plant with one low-branching trunk .
21	its leaves are different from the leaves of true palms , and unlike true palms it does not develop a woody trunk .
30	it is a small to medium sized deciduous tree , growing to 10 -- 15 m ( rarely to 18 m ) tall often with multiple stem and/or low branching trunk .
8	the scientists discovered a large cavity in the trunk of the tree , measuring in height by in diameter .
30	the lack of cargo space in the prowler was universally lamented , so the howler addressed this by elongating and squaring off the back end , creating a moderate sized trunk .
22	the sl opened up the apollo range with remote exterior mirrors , intermittent windscreen wipers , heated rear screen demister , remote trunk release for sedans and fuel filler door , a two-speaker radio cassette player and tinted side and rear glass .
50	process a complete restoration includes not only repair of the parts that can be seen -- the body , trim , chrome , wheels , and the passenger compartment -- but also the components that are not necessarily visible or otherwise evident , including the engine and engine compartment , trunk , frame , driveline , and all ancillary parts like the brakes , accessories , engine cooling system , electrical system , etc. repairs are made to correct obvious problems , as well as for cosmetic reasons .
17	reflections modelled every part of the car separately ( tire , car door , car light , trunk , etc. ) and then they 've combined it all together into a single vehicle .
37	the other changes were minor ( e.g. a slight modification to the extruded aluminum grille , a front sway bar made standard on six-cylinder models , and an optional black vinyl roof cover that continued over the trunk opening ) .
6	many cars have lights in the trunk ( or boot ) , the engine compartment , and the glovebox and other storage compartments .
7	other criticisms include the lack of a trunk , rear window , spare tire and radio , and the way the car 's engine was limited or '' drugged '' .
18	the same architecture is applied at the rear , with a deep bumper , a clamshell - shaped trunk lid that envelops over the flanks , dual exhaust pipes and tail lamps .
24	the term is also applied to the smaller stamped panels that form the floors inside a vehicle as well as the bottom of the trunk .
18	this major re-design saw the addition of an external decklid ( previous models only allowed access to the trunk through the rear seat back ) and vent windows .