3	samy maluenda , bass ( 2009 - • ) .
22	the band was formed in fagersta , sweden in 1992 by magnus larnhed ( vocals / guitar ) , michael conradsson ( bass ) , toni virtanen ( drums ) and kai kalliomäki ( guitar ) .
20	track listing personnel leslie cheung - vocals ricky chu , nick - drums lam chi wan , eddie sing - bass hidetoshi yamada , tony arevalo jr. .
7	) hiroyuki '' den '' onishi -- bass ( 1996 -- 1998 , 2011 -- present ) , ( sister 's no future , zigzo , pt. , test-no .
12	the collection included notables such as nathan east and welton gite ( bass ) ; chuck findley ( flugelhorn , trumpet ) ; hank cicalo ( sound engineer ) and bernie grundman ( mastering ) ; les mccann and richard tee ( piano ) ; plus phil upchurch ( rhythm guitar ) .
19	127 ( persian : ١٢٧ ) is an iran five piece band -- guitar , piano , trombone , bass and drums -- with roots in iranian melodies and jazz with an alternative sound .
7	he studied music , first playing the bass before moving to the saxophone , flute , and percussion .
40	colin allen , drum ( born colin eric allen , 9 may 1938 , bournemouth , dorset ; ex - zoot money 's big roll band and john mayall 's bluesbreakers , later performed with focus ) james dewar , bass ( born james dewer , 12 october 1942 glasgow ; died 16 may 2002 ; later performed and sang with robin trower 's band ) john mcginnis , keyboards the band 's first two album were recorded by the above line-up , with bell 's vocals '' reminiscent of janis joplin '' .
7	they were formed when jim barr ( bass ) and clive deamer ( drums ) , the rhythm section from the trip hop group portishead , teamed up with jake mcmurchie ( saxophone ) and pete judge ( trumpet ) over their mutual appreciation of ornette coleman .
25	( 21 ) personnel axl rose - lead vocals slash - slide , dobro izzy stradlin - acoustic guitar , lead vocals duff mckagan - bass , acoustic guitar matt sorum - drums shannon hoon - back up vocals tim doyle - tambourine '' bad obsession '' '' bad obsession '' is track seven on the album .
12	personnel chris marchiel -- guitar alex berkson -- guitar nick avila -- bass bassil silver-hajo -- drums mixed by bassil silver-hajo and powerglove .
23	the group formed after lead vocalist , guitarist , and songwriter sal baglio and drummer mark cuccinello were joined by stephen gilligan on bass , and dave friedman on keyboards .
20	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , horn , flauto traverso , oboe , oboe d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
11	mikael höglund ( born 15 may 1962 ) is a swedish bass player , previously of the bands tryckvåg , great king rat and thunder , appearing on the 1995 album behind closed doors , live circuit and their finest hour ... and a bit , live at the bbc ( 1990-1995 ) .
9	at the close of the gala , the renowned bass feodor chaliapin read an emotional farewell speech in both italian and russian .
23	at the time of its formation , aqme 's line-up was composed of etienne on drums , ben on guitar , sophie on bass ( who will later be replaced by charlotte ) , and thomas on vocals .
3	she originally played bass but performed poorly at it .
11	verdi composed a setting for four unaccompanied voices , with the bass singing the scale first , followed by alto , tenor and soprano , whereas the three remaining voices supply harmonic texture .
39	charlie lost interest in '' the piano and flute '' sound that sui generis had been developing , and decided that sui generis needed a change ; the band would evolve to a more traditional rock sound , incorporating bass and drums .
21	they recruited drummer martin '' frosty '' beedle , previously a member of the cabaret band on the qe2 , and bass player colin farley , a session musician living in spain .
9	additional musicians utilized were curve 's dean garcia ( bass ) and steve monti ( drums ) , ian dury and the blockheads ' merlin rhys-jones ( guitar ) , and miranda sex garden 's hepzibah sessa ( violin ) .
16	) dewey bunnell -- 6-string acoustic guitar , backing vocal gerry beckley -- lead vocal , bass , piano dan peek -- 12-string electric guitar , backing vocal dave atwood - drums charts the song was a top ten hit and spent 10 weeks in united states hot 100 charts wherein it peaked at number 9 .
16	credits roger miret -- vocals , guitar rhys kill -- guitar , vocals brian darwas -- bass , vocals luke rota -- drum al barr -- guest vocals on '' once were warriors '' lars frederiksen -- guest vocals on '' roots rockin ' roll '' patricia day -- guest vocals on '' r.f.f.r. '' kim nekroman -- guitar on '' r.f.f.r. '' vic ruggiero -- piano on '' warning !
44	track listing ; original issue , warwick w 2041 ; volume 2 , warwick w 2041-2 ; a recent cd issue , 2010 , fresh sound records personnel pepper adams - baritone saxophone donald byrd - trumpet herbie hancock - piano laymon jackson - bass jimmy cobb - drums reissues the recording sessions were reissued under various titles and leading artists , some even with changed track titles ( false composer credits , missing names of bassist and drummer and the recording date ) .
15	the word benga is occasionally used to refer to any kind of pop music : bass , guitar and percussion are the usual instruments .
24	he sang leading vocals for the first time since the first album , and played most of the instruments himself including all guitar , bass and keyboards .
2	crover played bass and drums on the demo .
32	humilitas occidit superbiam king 's latest record is another solo effort , released independently , and features king on a broad range of instruments , including cello , drums , keyboard , bass , and guitar .
12	he was asked to join fear factory in december 1993 as a bass player .
2	she played bass for clown alley and for the melvins .
7	bud powell -- piano ray brown -- bass buddy rich -- drums february 1951 , new york , tracks 5 -- 12 .
46	important jazz concert appearances at the town hall include the june 22 , 1945 concert featuring dizzy gillespie , on trumpet ; charlie parker , on alto saxophone ; don byas , on tenor saxophone ; al haig , on piano ; curley russell , on bass , and max roach , on drums ( with '' big '' sid catlett substituting for roach on a few titles ) which provided the public with its first mainstream exposure to the quickly evolving style of jazz that came to be popularly known as bebop .
21	lineup kazutoshi sakurai -- lead vocals , guitar , primary songwriter kenichi tahara -- guitar , backing vocals keisuke nakagawa -- bass , backing vocals hideya suzuki -- drums , backing vocals recurring support members takeshi kobayashi -- keyboard , producer naoto inti raymi -- guitar , chorus takashi '' sunny '' katsuya -- keyboards , backing vocals shuji kouguchi -- guitar , harmonica discography \* compilation album .
21	track listing personnel ; eye empire donald carpenter - lead vocals b.c. kochmit - guitar , backing vocals corey lowery - bass , backing vocals ryan bennett - drums on '' angels & demons '' and '' do n't lie to me .
39	critical reception brian wahlert of country standard time criticized some of the songs on 4 runner for '' cop ( ying ) the worst pop elements '' of the oak ridge boys , but said that the presence of bass singer jim chapman gave the material a '' fresh sound .
13	the set consists of ten members : three singers , three trumpet , bass , keyboard , timbales and congas that sound live .
19	personnel band members kai hansen -- vocals , guitar michael weikath -- guitar , cover concept markus grosskopf -- bass ingo schwichtenberg -- drums additional musicians james hardaway -- e-mu emulator ii production produced , engineered and mixed by harris johns edda and uwe karczewski -- cover design peter vahlefeld -- layout , typography charts trivia the titular entity in the song '' gorgar '' is the first talking pinball machine ever produced .
29	kim fowley brings ann boleyn to hollywood in 1976 , while still a teenager in high school , producer kim fowley recruited her to join the runaways as the bass player .
9	primitive lyrics combined live rock music ( drums , bass , guitar , saxophone ) together with a dj and two rappers .
21	track listing personnel bleeding through brandan schieppati -- lead vocals brian leppke -- guitars dave nassie -- guitars ryan wombacher -- bass , backing vocals marta peterson -- keyboards .
9	the band consisted of jo lloyd ( vocals , bass , and piano ) , james wright ( guitar ) , and dave magee ( drums ) .
15	lodewijk ( ludwig is the german cognate of dutch lodewijk ) was employed as a bass singer at the court of the elector of cologne , eventually rising to become kapellmeister ( music director ) .
16	flanking kidd on either side would be alan caddy ( guitar ) and brian gregg ( bass ) .
16	the work is scored for five vocal parts , two soprano , alto , tenor and bass , and an orchestra of three trumpets , timpani , corno da caccia , two flauti traversi , two oboes , two oboes d'amore , two bassoons , two violins , viola , and basso continuo .
39	personnel chet atkins - guitar ( '' heart and soul '' ) errol '' crusher '' bennett - percussion vicki brown - background vocals margot buchanan - background vocals willy deville - vocals , background vocals mickey feat - bass , background vocals guy fletcher - keyboards , background vocals mark knopfler - guitar jamie lane - drums jeff porcaro - drums ( '' could you would you ?
17	brandt gustav peterson ( born 1966 ) is an american musician , best known as the original bass player with heatmiser upon its formation in 1992 .
16	personnel andi deris - vocals michael weikath - guitar roland grapow - guitar markus grosskopf - bass uli kusch - drums trivia the japanese cover art has the '' helloween '' logo in the same type of '' scratch writing '' as the album title .
36	vic bondi ( articles of faith ) recording a live album in germany ( 1992 ) personnel articles of faith ( band ) vic bondi - guitar , vocals joe scudari - guitar dave shield - bass , vocals dorian taskbasksh - guitar virus x - drum tobby holzinger - producer liner notes by vic bondi this is the last recording of articles of faith ( band ) .
20	track listing tracks previously unreleased credits brock lindow - vocals steve holt - guitar , background vocals mick whitney - bass thomas noonan - drums raithon clay - guest voalist , destroy the map ( single version ) destroy the map - music written by steve holt and t. noonan , lyrics by brock lindow .
4	ray walker , the bass singer from elvis presley 's backing group the jordanaires was used by producer felton jarvis to augment the group 's vocal sound on '' i must be doing something wrong .
27	track listings credits and personnel franco migliacci -- songwriter domenico modugno -- vocals , songwriter alberto semprini -- orchestra conductor sestetto azzurro -- musicians walter beduschi -- bass bruno de filippi -- guitar pupo de luca -- drums ebe mautino -- harp mario migliardi -- hammond organ alberto semprini -- piano credits adapted from discografia nazionale della canzone italiana .
21	their earlier work is noted for genre-crossing stylings , distorted , morose , and at times alien lyrics , distinctive funk bass lines , and extensive use of lo-fi recording practices .
22	the trio were joined by arlo bigazzi on friendly game , who in addition to serving as producer , played recorder and bass .
24	personnel signed to manager don arden , the band members were : stuart attride ( guitar , keyboards , vocals ) gerry wade ( bass , vocals ) steve maher ( guitar , vocals ) barry creasy ( drum , vocals ) chas wade ( drums , vocals ) eileen woodman ( hammond organ , vocals ) dave church ( vocals ) pete hole ( guitar , vocals ) history previously , billed as the rush , they had recorded two singles with decca : '' happy '' / '' once again '' , and '' enjoy it '' / '' make mine music '' .
18	they also utilized more diverse instruments , including mandolins , recorders and oboes , besides electric guitars , bass and later , drums .
37	members include josh king ( vocals / acoustic guitar ) , tommy scifres ( guitar ) , joel kiser ( guitar ) , matt bowers ( keyboard ) , jordan powers ( ex - far-less ) ( bass ) and jack foster ( drums ) .
11	chris childs ( born 24 june 1959 ) is an english bass player who was a member of the hard rock band thunder from 1996 to 1999 and again from 2002 to 2009 .
22	personnel brennan gilmore -- guitar / vocals will lee -- banjo / vocals andy thacker -- mandolin / vocals zack blatter -- bass nick reeb -- fiddle / vocals previous members ann marie calhoun ( née simpson ) -- fiddle / vocals brian calhoun -- guitar steve hoke -- fiddle randall ray -- guitar billy cardine -- dobro ben krakauer -- banjo mark krakauer -- guitar image : walker 's run at bel rio .
20	since 1999 , the lineup has consisted of hans ( singer ) , herman ( guitar ) , ludwig ( bass ) and erik ( drum ) .
18	robert emile deleo ( born february 2 , 1966 in montclair , new jersey ) is an american bass player , songwriter , and harmony vocalist for the rock band stone temple pilots .
8	it is still used on reissue guitar and bass models from that era .
25	line-up tanja lainio -- vocals ( joined in 2002 ) sami leppikangas -- lead guitar sauli kivilahti -- guitar kimmo '' heavy '' hiltunen -- bass ( joined in 1998 ) jukka outinen -- drums ( joined in 1999 ) discography albums sweet desire ( 1999 ) be my god ( 2001 ) crucify my heart ( 2003 ) vol .
37	musicians the performers on the album were mayall on vocals , harmonica , a slide and a fender telecaster guitar , a tambourine , and mouth percussion , jon mark on acoustic guitar , steve thompson on bass , and johnny almond on tenor and alto saxophone , flute , and mouth percussion .
47	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for an unusual combination of instruments -- four oboes ( two oboes d'amore , two oboes da caccia ) and a violoncello piccolo -- in addition to four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir only in the closing chorale , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
20	the choir typically uses '' satb '' voices ( soprano or treble , alto or counter-tenor , tenor , and bass ) , though in many works some or all of these voices are divided into two for part or all of the piece ; in this case the two halves of the choir ( one on each side of the aisle ) are traditionally named decani ( or 1 , for the higher voice ) and cantoris ( or 2 , for the lower voice ) .
5	a bass-baritone is a high-lying bass or low-lying '' classical '' baritone voice type which shares certain qualities with the true baritone voice .
39	through his tumblr , kid cudi also unveiled the production credits for '' no one believes me '' and revealed that he was on guitar and accompanied dot da genius on drums , while dot da genius solely handled bass and piano .
10	members sokabe keiichi - vocals , guitar tanaka takashi - bass maruyama harushige - drums history the band formed in 1992 , originally made up of keiichi , takashi and other members .
21	track listing bonus remix cd personnel travis mccoy - vocals disashi lumumba-kasongo - guitar matt mcginley - drums ryan geise - bass doug white - producer , engineer matt green - mixing , engineering adam english - piano rand bellavia - additional vocals milo bonacci - guitars sie one - production on tracks 1 , 8 , 12 , and 18 gary ventura - photography evan leake - cd layout/design additional notes '' kid nothing vs. the echo factor '' is a commentary on mainstream rap music from travis ' point of view as a rapper himself .
53	the recording the song was recorded on august 9 , 1953 , at atlantic studios and featured clyde mcphatter ( lead ) , bill pinkney ( top tenor ) , andrew '' bubba '' thrasher ( second tenor ) , gerhart '' gay '' thrasher ( baritone ) , and willie ferbie ( bass ) .
18	the band spent five weeks on initial recordings at the grove studios , focusing on recording drum and bass parts and preliminary guitar and vocal takes , and then one and a half weeks at oasis studios recording additional vocal and guitar parts .
20	in 1997 they began to focus fully on the band , which had two new members : mikel lópez ( bass ) and aitor oreja ( guitar ) .
11	personnel jimi hendrix guitar , vocals mitch mitchell drums billy cox bass literature brigitte tast , hans-jürgen tast : fehmarn - das regen-festival .
108	some of them were : symphonic orchestra of berlin philharmonic orchestra of venezuela symphonic orchestra of paris strings orchestra of torino 's philharmonic wind band of the bayreuth 's youth international festival national chamber orchestra of uruguay orchestra of the anacrusa festival of santiago de chile symphonic orchestra of tucumán in addition , many solo artists have performed his compositions , such as : eduardo fernández ( guitar ) , götz bernau ( violin ) , vihn pham ( violin ) , nicholas ktichen ( violin ) , daniel luzko and josé luis miranda ( piano ) , mami sakuda fiorentini ( soprano ) , antonio dourthe ( bass ) , eladio pérez gonzález ( baritone ) .
38	jubilate agno in music the text of jubilate agno is the source for rejoice in the lamb , a festival cantata composed by benjamin britten in 1943 for four soloists , a soprano , alto , tenor and bass choir , and organ .
20	band members lazare - vocals , synth , electronic beats , drums and percussion cornelius - vocals , guitars and bass guests agnete kjølsrud ( ex-animal alpha , djerv ) - vocals ( on tracks 3 & 7 ) benedicte maurseth - vocals ( on tracks 1 , 8 & 10 ) and hardanger fiddle ( on track 1 ) kjetil selvik - saxophone ( on tracks 4 , 5 & 7 ) vangelis labrakis - guitar ( on track 6 ) king is credited for '' wah howls '' on track 4 courtesy of chilihead/egghead prodz .
31	following king 's exit , roland vaughn kerridge took over on drums and later , after craig 's departure , musician thomas dolby introduced the band to ex - gloria mundi bass player nigel ross-scott , thus completing re-flex 's final and perhaps best-known line-up .
20	it consisted of chris johnston ( vocals , guitar ) , scott owens ( guitar ) , tim marzaroti ( bass ) and rob dickey ( drums ) .
21	he sings both back-up and lead vocals , and plays electric and acoustic guitar , as well as the piano , bass and the synth .
44	although the band has experienced several line-up changes , for most of its recording career shadows fall has been composed of brian fair ( vocals ) , jonathan donais ( lead guitar ) , matt bachand ( rhythm guitar ) , paul romanko ( bass ) , and jason bittner ( drums ) .
24	hans herbert fiedler ( born november 10 , 1907 , triest , died february 14 , 2004 in munich ) was a german opera bass and actor .
32	since its inception in 2000 , the band 's line-up has consisted of gabby alipe ( vocals , guitar ) , john dinopol ( guitar , vocals ) , and lalay ( bass , vocals ) .
6	terry eldredge first began to play bass with opry stars such as lonzo and oscar .
19	personnel ; parkway drive winston mccall - vocals jeff ling - guitar luke kilpatrick - guitar shaun cash - bass ben gordon - drums ; production adam dutkiewicz -- record producer and mixing album tom baker - mastering reception since its release , killing with a smile has received mixed to positive reviews .
19	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , cornett , trombone , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
17	personnel kenny rogers -- vocals barry gibb -- background vocals , guitar maurice gibb -- guitar , bass , synthesizer tim renwick -- guitar george terry -- guitar george bitzer -- piano , synthesizer albhy galuten -- piano , synthesizer ron ziegler -- drums joe lala -- percussion peter graves -- horns whit sidener -- horns ken faulk -- horns neal bonsanti -- horns barry gibb version barry gibb 's original version of '' you and i '' was the second song intended for kenny rogers ' new album .
19	personnel george harrison lead vocals , hammond organ john lennon backing vocals , tambourine paul mccartney backing vocals , bass ringo starr drums , backwards cymbal session musician cello cultural references cover versions '' blue jay way '' has been covered by : colin newman on his 1982 album not to borbetomagus on their 1990 album buncha hair that long dan bern on his 1998 album smartie mine rodney graham on his 2000 album what is happy , baby ?
21	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for four soloists , soprano , alto , tenor , and bass , a four-part choir , horn to play the cantus firmus with the soprano , oboe d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
54	in 2000 , hornsby chronicled this journey with a compilation live album entitled here come the noise makers , and did extensive touring with his new band featuring john '' j. t. '' thomas ( keyboards , organ ) , bobby read ( saxophone , woodwinds , flute ) , j. v. collier ( bass ) , doug derryberry ( guitar , mandolin ) , and several different drummers before sonny emory took over full-time .
40	formed in 1993 at new york university featuring chris leo ( formerly of native nod and brother of ted leo ) on vocals and guitar , brian maryansky on guitar , toko yasuda ( formerly of blonde redhead ) on bass , and neil o'brien on drums .
26	the live lineup is lovegrove on lead vocals and guitar ; rodney fisher on vocals , lead guitar , mandolin and percussion ; rio hemopo on bass and vocals ; tom atkinson on drums ; and clark on turntables , samples , and vocals .
27	on december 27 , the band embarked on what would be close to six weeks of studio work by playing songs repetitively in order to track the bass and drum parts .
5	he is known for playing bass , keyboard and sitar in the band kopecky with his two brothers , joe and paul .
22	peter bauer and walter martin traded musical instrument on the new album , with bauer handling the organ duties and martin playing bass .
17	track listing credits syu - lead / rhythm guitar / backing vocals yama-b - vocals tsui - bass / backing vocals yuhki - keyboards / backing vocals junichi satoh - drums chart performance the album reached number 57 on the oricon album charts .
10	the greatest of faure 's french heirs were the lyric bass pol plançon ( 1851-1914 ) -- who modelled his vocal method directly on that of faure -- and jean lassalle ( 1847-1909 ) , who succeeded faure as principal baritone at the paris opera .
17	matthew moses brunson is the guitarist for sludge metal band crowbar , replacing steve gibb , and bass player for kingdom of sorrow .
13	in 1970 , dave torbert replaced phil lesh as the new riders ' bass player , and spencer dryden replaced mickey hart on drums .
14	personnel john lennon - vocals , piano nicky hopkins - piano klaus voormann - bass john barham - vibraphone alan white - drums the flux fiddlers - strings covers the song was covered by the band stereophonics as a b-side to the song '' handbags and gladrags '' .
26	personnel axl rose - lead vocals , keyboards , sound effects slash - lead guitar , backing vocals izzy stradlin - rhythm guitar duff mckagan - bass , backing vocals dizzy reed - backing vocals matt sorum - drums johann langlie -- programming '' do n't damn me '' '' do n't damn me '' is the 13th track on the album , and is the only song from the album that 's never been played live .
2	mark cuppello bass adam payne keyboards and backing vocals critical acclaim morrissey has mentioned his love for the courteeners on numerous occasions .
13	personnel rufus wainwright -- vocals , piano , string arrangement jeff hill -- bass jim keltner -- drums yves desrosiers -- banjo , guitar pierre marchand -- string arrangements stephanie allard -- violin jean-marc leblanc -- violin melanie belair -- violin genevieve beaudry -- violin julie dupras -- viola wilma hos -- viola veronique potuin -- viola greg hay -- viola carla antoun -- cello christine giguere -- cello jean paquin -- french horn pierre savoie -- french horn normand forget -- oboe appearances apart from being the opening and closing track on poses , a live performance of '' cigarettes and chocolate milk '' from central park summerstage appeared on wainwright 's 2005 music dvd , all i want .
22	personnel m. shadows - vocals zacky vengeance - rhythm guitar the rev - drums synyster gates - lead guitar johnny christ - bass video the video for the song features clips of fans and a live performance with the studio version playing over .
5	fishermen will find trout , bass , perch and bullhead in chenango lake .
11	the voice types ( character tenor , soprano , bass-baritone , bass , coloratura soprano ) equal the roles .
17	prosper dérivis nicolas-prosper dérivis ( 28 october 1808 - 11 february 1880 ) was a french operatic bass .
7	zeta bosio - keyboards , percussion , bass on '' amor amarillo '' and producer .
9	in 1991 , powell auditioned for the position of bass - playing in the band my dying bride , but was turned down as the band had just filled the position .
4	páll ivan pálsson -- bass .
6	personnel paul mccartney double-tracked vocal , bass john lennon harmony vocal , rhythm guitar george harrison harmony vocal , twelve-string lead guitar ringo starr drums george martin piano cover versions the song was covered by 1960s pittsburgh garage band the fantastic dee jays .
27	the original lineup for the band included prem panicker on the drums , grant umeda on the guitar and piano , sameer sharma on the guitar and bass , and jason park singing the lead vocals .
3	simon rankin - bass , backing vocals .
8	he joined uk reggae outfit jah warriors as bass player and toured with lee perry , mikey dread and aswad .
18	some boys ' choirs of churches or cathedrals are further supported by older male voices singing tenor and bass ; these singers are sometimes former choirboys .
12	when meisner quit the band in 1970 , schmit replaced him on bass and lead vocals .
15	michael '' mad dog '' mavridoglou ( born 1978 ) is an american trumpet / bass player and keyboardist from cincinnati , oh .
39	'' the bitter pill '' '' the hole in my wall '' '' inside out '' ( promo ) personnel jani lane - vocals , arranger joey allen - guitar erik turner - guitar , arrangement jerry dixon - bass steven sweet - drums scott warren - keyboards legacy hardcore punk band dog eat dog named their debut album warrant in a joking ` retaliation ' for the title of this album .
29	ultimately , three songs on the album did feature dane 's trademark high-pitched vocals , though the majority of the singing was more in line with the baritone and bass vocals that were featured prominently in nevermore .
5	for instance a drum , bass and guitar track might comprise a single scene .
15	anthym 's original bassist was deemed unsatisfactory , so slovak began teaching flea to play bass .
38	track listing band personnel jon bon jovi ( lead vocals , guitar ) richie sambora ( guitar , backing vocals ) tico torres ( drums ) david bryan ( keyboards , backing vocals ) with hugh mcdonald ( bass , backing vocals ) available on the following formats vhs video cd dvd additional information the concert was originally released on vhs in 1995 , then worldwide on dvd in 2003 .
17	early history the band first gathered as a folk band consisted of steve gershin ( mandolin , bass and vocal ) , ze’ev gut ( fiddle and vocal ) and olga braverman ( flute and vocal ) , describing them as renaissance metal , due to frequent use of renaissance and medieval motives , played in a metal-crossover style , using such instruments as mandolin , fiddle and flute .
22	chris warlow ( vocals / guitar / synthesizer ) cez mathias ( vocals / guitar / drum machine ) fudge wilson ( bass ) .
5	powers played all instruments ( bass , guitar , drums , keyboard ) , recorded , produced , mixed , and engineered the album himself in his apartment in nashville , tennessee .
25	he was an indie rock icon and longtime fixture in the boston / cambridge music scene , best known as the lead singer and slide bass player of the band morphine .
32	after entering the manhattan 's pyramid studios to record what would become their debut album , former hot rod circuit member and o'toole 's childhood friend joe ballaro joined the band on bass .
19	according to an early 20th-century book written by david clippinger , all voices have a head register , whether bass or soprano .
18	personnel jon bon jovi lead vocals , guitar richie sambora guitar , backing vocals , talkbox hugh mcdonald bass , backing vocals tico torres drums , perussion david bryan keyboards , backing vocals the show the set list greatly varied between concerts , so after each show its set list was posted on the official website .
9	pascal benvenuti ( 1980 ) : french singer and bass , guitar , drums , ukulele , mandolin , and concertina player ; performs jazz punk and folk punk music ; current member of les louise mitchels and occasional member of anarcho-punk / folk punk band ghost mice ( 2002 present ) .
13	the two volumes present performances of pianist keith jarrett with gary peacock on bass and jack dejohnette on drums .
2	kazu -- bass -- kazu 's past bands include research , in which he played under the name '' kazunori '' , and aioria .
3	griffin was the bass player and founder member of early 1990s indie punk band , ned 's atomic dustbin , who had 5 top 40 hit single and a top 5 album godfodder which sold more than half a million copies in 1990 .
37	personnel charity rose thielen - vocals , violin , percussion josiah johnson - vocals , guitar , percussion jonathan russell - vocals , guitar , percussion tyler williams - drums , percussion , vocals chris zasche - bass , vocals kenny hensley - piano , vocals commercial performance the head and the heart debuted at number 109 with 4,000 copies sold on 200 .
57	track listing ; digital download -- '' non me lo so spiegare '' ( 2004 ) personnel ; music credits michele canova -- arrangements , rhythmic programming , keyboards leonardo di angilla -- percussions tiziano ferro -- vocals , composer andrea fontana -- drums cristian rigano -- rhodes piano , acoustic piano , keyboards pino saracini -- bass davide tagliapietra -- guitars ; production credits michele canova -- prudcer , engineer , mixing sandro franchin -- additional engineer mara maionchi -- producer alberto salerno -- producer charts laura pausini cover laura pausini recorded the song as a duet with tiziano ferro for her 2006 's album io canto .
27	the music was recorded at sound city , tower side , fe1 , with takayuki hijikata and makoto matsushita at the guitars , michio nagaoka at the bass and toshinobu takimoto at the drums .
19	john munson ( born december 13 , 1966 ) is a minneapolis musician who is best known as the bass player for semisonic .
18	the rest of the live band is made up of dan coggins on guitar , ben thomas on bass , naomi hart on keyboard , sarah scott on vocals and bernard moss of pork recordings on flute and alto sax .
6	mortiis began his musical career playing bass for the black metal act emperor .
15	when lurch appears ( usually immediately thereafter ) , he responds in a very deep bass voice , '' you rang ?
34	lemmy was brought on board to play the kill master after schafer and his team had developed the character 's role in the story who assists eddie by healing his allies through a giant bass harp on the back of a chopper .
23	personnel ringo starr lead vocal , piano , drums , percussion george harrison backing vocal , lead guitar paul mccartney backing vocal , bass , piano john lennon rhythm guitar , backing vocals re-release the song was re-released in 2006 on the beatles album love , which contained remixes of classic beatles songs .
59	for the earliest singles ( 1981 's '' me and mr. sanchez '' , and 1982 's '' klactoveesedstein '' ) , the group was a six-piece : sullivan , christos tolera ( vocals ) , mark reilly ( guitars ) , mike lloyd bynoe a.k.a. '' choco mick '' ( drums and timbales ) , kito poncioni ( bass ) and geraldo d'arbilly ( percussion ) .
12	libbi met and married tracy stuffle who would become the group 's bass singer .
17	they were previously led by singer marc hunter , and are currently led by his brother , bass player todd hunter .
38	the single , which coupled the band originals '' please let me love you '' and '' do n't be long '' , featured mcguinn , clark , and crosby , augmented by session musician ray pohlman on bass and earl palmer on drums .
29	2nd era ( 1989-1999 ) the second leg of the tour was made into an aptly titled vhs , '' pirata tour '' , and featured roberto terzani on bass , daniele trambusti on drums and candelo cabezas on percussions besides pelù , renzulli and aiazzi .
13	musician just another band tommy plays drums , piano , guitar , and bass , and produces his own music .
7	he spent the next year singing the bass repertoire in opera houses throughout italy , including the teatro regio di parma and teatro comunale di bologna .
42	the earlier album is carter 's best-known , recorded with an all-star line-up that included coleman hawkins , with whom carter had recorded in paris in 1937 , using the same configuration of instruments : four saxophone , piano , guitar , bass , and drums .
5	at eighteen he discovered the bass , and formed '' manhattan '' , a light jazz band , and then '' ruido blanco '' with journalist and musician oscar sarquiz , who introduced sabo to guillermo briseño , ( musician , poet ) and ricardo ochoa ( musician and producer ) starting the recording and production of many records and many tours in the mid-1980s .
20	personnel george harrison lead vocal , lead guitar john lennon backing vocal , rhythm guitar paul mccartney backing vocal , bass ringo starr drums , african drum george martin producer norman smith engineer anne murray version anne murray included a cover of '' i 'm happy just to dance with you '' on her 1980 album somebody 's waiting .
86	'' track listing ; cd promo single ( 1989 ) ; cd single version 1 and 12 '' single ( 1989 ) ; 7 '' single/picture disc ( 1989 ) ; 7 '' version 2 ( 1989 ) ; 7 '' version 3 ( 1989 ) ; 12 '' single ( 1989 ) ; cd single version 2 ( 1989 ) ; 7 '' australian single ( 1989 ) personnel anthony kiedis - lead vocals john frusciante - guitar , co - lead vocals flea - bass chad smith - drums ; add .
4	band members matatabi - bass , vocals , leader , lyrics , composer kuroneko - vocals , lyrics maneki - guitar , backing vocals karukan - guitar support members dobashi makoto - drums , percussion abe masahiro - keyboards former members atsushi '' tora '' kawatsuka - drums , percussion ( 1999 -- 2009 ) stage names each of the band member 's stage names feature a double entendre with a sense of humor and make references to cat .
10	track listing personnel tim may : guitars andy muson : bass denny seiwell : drums louis st. louis : keyboards michael gibson : orchestrations reception billboard magazine listed the album among its '' top album picks '' , meaning that the album was predicted to reach the top half of the album chart .
17	karel strakatý karel strakatý ( 2 july 1804 -- 26 april 1868 ) was a czech operatic bass who had a lengthy career at the estates theatre in prague from 1827 until his retirement in 1858 .
20	structure and scoring the cantata in seven movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , corno da tirarsi , a slide horn that bach scored for a short period , flauto traverso , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in eight movements is for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboes d'amore , flauto traverso , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
21	after you 've gone this segment again featured benny goodman and the goodman octet as eight anthropomorphized instruments ( piano , bass , drums , clarinet , trumpet , trombone , alto sax , tenor sax ) who paraded through a musical playground .
19	'' eruption '' starts with a short accompanied intro with alex van halen on drums and michael anthony on bass .
8	he is considered one of the greatest contemporary bass singer in russia .
31	most of the musicians parham played with are not well known in their own right , though cornet punch miller , banjo papa charlie jackson , saxophone player junie cobb and bass milt hinton are exceptions .
26	perhaps best known as an electric and acoustic guitar player , rhodes is a multi-instrumentalist who has also performed and/or recorded playing piano , dobro , bass , theremin , and percussion .
40	the band consists of kelly hoppe ( lead vocals , harmonica , saxophone , rhythm guitar ) , greg cox ( guitar , mandolin , banjo , vocals ) , luke pelotte ( drums ) , and josh zalev ( bass , vocals ) .
28	the group included eddie lewis ( tenor , ward 's cousin ) , charles fizer ( tenor ) , walter hammond ( baritone ) and melvin king ( bass ) and except for lewis were friends in a los angeles , california , high school .
17	lindell started playing in northern california bar , first with the guitar , and later moving to bass , while working as a baker during the day to make ends meet .
54	track listing personnel patrick simmons - guitar , lead vocals john mcfee - guitars , pedal steel guitar , violin , vocals michael mcdonald - keyboards , synthesizer , lead vocals cornelius bumpus - saxophone , synthesizer , organ , vocals , lead vocal on '' jesus is just alright '' willie weeks - bass , vocals keith knudsen - drums , vocals , lead vocal on '' do n't start me to talkin ' '' chet mccracken - drums , vibraphone , marimbas bobby lakind - congas , percussion , vocals with tom johnston - guitar and lead vocals on '' china grove '' and '' listen to the music '' ' ( and '' slippery st. paul '' ) dave shogren & john hartman appear , uncredited , on '' slippery st. paul .
24	'' credits and personnel britney spears -- lead vocals and background vocals bloodshy & avant -- songwriting , mixing , programming , keyboards , bass and guitar henrik jonback -- songwriting and guitar kasia livingston -- songwriting and background vocals credits adapted from circus liner notes .
19	the voices are abbreviated , s for soprano , a for alto , t for tenor , b for bass .
13	members -- vocals -- guitar ; former members -- drums -- drums -- bass -- guitar discography ; albums sug life ( september 9 , 2004 ) oricon weekly album chart top position : no. 31 non-fiction ( ノンフィクション , april 3 , 2013 ) no. 7 ; mini albums tokyo stripper ( 東京ストリッパー , january 12 , 2002 ) ; compilation albums brq 2001-2004 ( december 12 , 2004 ) no. 55 complete collection 2001-2004 ( april 3 , 2013 ) no. 57 ; singles '' sukebe boy '' ( スケベボウイ , august 7 , 2002 ) '' caramel drops '' ( キャラメルドロップス , november 29 , 2002 ) '' chaplin '' ( february 5 , 2003 ) oricon weekly single chart top position : no. 23 '' gakidou '' ( 我伐道 , july 24 , 2003 ) no. 14 '' ila .
27	the band has four members : swapnil sharma in vocals , prashant vk in rhythm guitar , prakash rasailey in lead guitar , and amit pradhan in bass .
25	after the addition of lee loughnane ( trumpet ) , james pankow ( trombone ) , robert lamm ( keyboards ) and peter cetera ( bass ) , the band performed under a number of different names , first the missing links , then the big thing ( sometimes called the big sound ) , before settling on chicago transit authority , which was soon shortened to chicago because of threatened legal action by the actual chicago transit authority .
29	at the time it won gold , the quartet featured gene cokeroft as tenor , bob franklin as lead , harlan wilson as baritone , and bill cain as bass .
7	drums are played by jeff porcaro , bass by bob glaub , acoustic guitar and electric guitar are played by fred tackett , harmonies performed by david crosby and graham nash and the string section was arranged by david campbell .
23	yevgeny nesterenko ( 2008 ) yevgeny yevgenievich nesterenko ( евгений евгеньевич нестеренко , born 8 january 1938 ) is a renowned russian opera bass .
17	suhr guitars ( officially js technologies inc ) is an american company that manufactures electric guitar and bass , guitar amplifier , and effect units .
15	track listing personnel art pepper - alto saxophone red garland - piano paul chambers - bass philly joe jones - drums references sources ian carr , digby fairweather , & brian priestley .
15	joseph michael '' dusty '' hill ( born may 19 , 1949 ) is the bass , keyboard and co - vocalist with the american rock group zz top .
6	during that time he also played bass in the detroit cobras .
22	track listing personnel katrina leskanich - rhythm guitar , vocals kimberley rew - lead guitar , vocals vince de la cruz - bass , additional guitars , vocals alex cooper - drums , vocals with : john earle - brass richard edwards - brass nick glennie-smith - keyboards dick hanson - brass eamon fitzpatrick - brass arrangement '' is that it ?
21	the band consists of alan andrews jr on vocals and guitar , bill threlkeld iii on guitar , mark hawkins on bass , joshua taylor on drums .
25	however , american girls featured veterans of the all-women band scene including brie howard who had played drums for fanny and miiko watanabe who played bass with the screamin ' sirens .
18	the song progresses to include an increasingly complex guitar solo backed by string synthesizer , followed closely by bass and drum fills .
75	art farmer ( trumpet , credited as peter urban ) don butterfield ( tuba ) gigi gryce ( alto saxophone ) j.r. monterose ( tenor saxophone ) george barrow ( baritone saxophone on tracks 2 , 4 , 5 , and 6 ) sol schlinger ( baritone saxophone on tracks 1 , 3 , and 7 ) teddy charles ( vibraphone ) mal waldron ( piano ) jimmy raney ( guitar ) teddy kotick ( bass ) joe harris ( drums ) for tracks 8 and 9 , recorded october 23 , 1956 .
33	folke jonsson , photographed in 1939 in skansen sweden folke henry jonsson ( 9 june 1904 in ängelholm sweden 7 december 1981 in sollentuna ) was a swedish opera singer who sang leading bass roles primarily at the royal swedish opera and in other scandinavia opera houses for many years .
43	original drummer wade youman generally takes credit for starting the band , and a number of players came and went before the lineup coalesced to include scott russo on vocals , steve morris and rob brewer on guitar , and john bell on bass .
44	bach first performed the cantata on 22 december 1715 in the ducal chapel , scoring and structure as in several other cantatas on words of franck , the cantata is scored for a small ensemble , here soprano , alto , tenor , and bass , two oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
19	in 1993 , malone reunited with snl veterans paul shaffer ( keyboards ) , and will lee , ( bass ) , in the cbs orchestra .
18	track listing personnel katra solopuro -- vocals teemu mätäsjärvi -- guitar kristian kangasniemi -- guitar johannes tolonen -- bass matti auerkallio -- drums reception metal temple rated it 5/10 stars ( '' mediocre '' ) , and wrote , '' beast within is a nicely produced work by a new band consisted of great musicians but -- for me -- the problem is that this album does n't offer something new , music wise .
28	johann ignaz ludwig fischer ( c. 18 august 1745 -- 10 july 1825 ) , commonly called ludwig fischer , was a german opera singer , a notable bass of his time .
23	hal are a band from dublin , ireland composed of brothers dave allen ( vocals / guitar ) paul allen ( vocals / bass ) and stephen o'brien ( keyboards , occasional guitars and backing vocals ) ( drum ) , who formed in 2003 .
3	ray brown -- bass ( except track 4 -- powell solo ) max roach -- drums ( except track 4 -- powell solo ) february 1950 , disc 1 , tracks 7-13 .
40	background the band formed in late 2012 by nathaniel hoho ( lead vocals , guitar ) ; jesse kotansky ( guitar , violin , backup vocals ) ; jacob generalli ( keys , backup vocals ) ; dan krysa ( bass , backup vocals ) ; and christopher heinz ( drums ) .
33	foxface are a glasgow - based scottish rock band featuring michael angus ( vocals , guitar ) , john ferguson ( drum , accordion , banjo , mandolin ) and jenny bell ( bass , vocals ) .
16	track listing personnel anja orthodox - vocal , lyrics paweł pieczyński - guitar krzysztof najman - bass piotr pawłowski - drums michał rollinger - keyboards michał jelonek - violin tomasz '' titus '' pukacki - vocal jacek skirucha - guitar dariusz ślusarczyk - conga music - closterkeller .
27	after jones 's death , they adopted the name atomic rooster ( with influence from the us band rhinoceros ) , and soon recruited nick graham on bass and vocals .
34	late in 1986 , the original members parted ways , creating a void until dave coutts , mark templin & steve coutts brought in lisa marie presley 's first husband danny keough to play bass .
2	he played bass and synthesizer .
32	the undead is a horror punk band formed in october 1980 in new milford , new jersey by bobby steele ( vocals and guitar ) , chris '' jack '' natz ( bass ) and patrick blanck ( drums ) .
19	mad planet is an indie electro rock band hailing from silverlake , california , consisting of cooper gillespie ( bass / vocals ) , greg gordon ( drums , sequences ) and tony crouse ( guitar , keys ) .
21	fire it up has been used by the mlb track listing credits trevor mcnevan - vocals , guitar joel bruyere - bass steve augustine - drums pete stewart - additional guitar music video trevor mcnevan stated that a music video for the song , which will make it the first song from welcome to the masquerade to receive one , was in production .
15	aside from performing the vocals for the band , johnny whitney plays the guitar , bass , keyboard , and piano as well as drum programming .
9	at the time , sunny was married to the bass player for michael bolton who was touring with them .
12	at the request of her headmistress , she was trained by the bass daniel rootham ( father of the composer cyril rootham ) and joined the bristol festival chorus , of which daniel rootham was musical director ) .
18	personnel graham bonnet -- lead vocal trevor gordon -- backing vocal barry gibb -- guitar maurice gibb -- bass , piano colin petersen -- drums bill shepherd -- orchestral arrangement cover versions in 1968 , an italian version from the english group sopworth camel , named '' sei la mia donna '' in 1975 , the bee gees , recorded their version for inclusion on their album main course .
23	members julie murphy wells - vocals robbie schaefer - guitar , vocals eddie hartness - percussion , vocals michael clem - guitar , bass , harmonica , vocals history name notwithstanding , the band is not from ohio .
21	anna is primarily a pianist and vocalist , but most of her recordings feature a full band , including guitar , bass , drums , and often her original string quartet arrangements .
20	when the trio were rags , price ( then known as wesley the stash ) played guitar , aylward played bass , and austin ( then known as napoleon lemens ) played drums .
20	career radio stars were formed by ex - john 's children vocalist andy ellison , sparks exile martin gordon ( bass , songwriter ) , and ian macleod ( guitar ) in 1977 , following the end of their underachieving glam supergroup , jet , the previous year .
30	career 1965-1972 gass and peter green bobby tench formed gass with godfrey and errol mclean in may 1965 , credited as robert tench and featured as vocalist , guitarist and bass player .
5	she contributed vocals and occasionally bass to the albums bright flight , tanglewood numbers , and lookout mountain , lookout sea , .
25	the earliest version of the group included first tenor albert campbell , second tenor james kent '' jim '' reynard , baritone joe belmont and bass joe majors .
6	personnel paul mccartney double-tracked vocal , bass john lennon harmony vocal , acoustic rhythm guitar , harmonium ringo starr drums , tambourine george martin producer norman smith engineer macdonald was not sure whether or not harrison sang a harmony vocal part .
23	however , during the mediaeval period among ashkenazi jews there developed the tradition of the hazzan being accompanied for certain prayers by a bass voice ( known in yiddish as singer ) and a descant ( in yiddish , meshorrer ) .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in eight movements is scored for four vocal soloists -- soprano , alto , tenor and bass -- and a four-part choir , flauto traverso , two oboe , two violin , viola , organ and continuo .
12	largely dispensing with the track 's instrumental backing ( apart from distant bass and occasional acoustic guitar ) the remix features kela 's beatboxing alongside rhys's lead vocal and follows the arrangement of the original .
43	; disc 1 ; disc 2 ( digipak edition only ) ; disc 2 : lost ( t ) apes ( basic edition only ) personnel ; guano apes sandra nasić -- vocals henning rümenapp -- guitar , backing vocals stefan ude -- bass , backing vocals dennis poschwatta -- drums , backing vocals ; additional musicians michael mittermeier - vocals on '' kumba yo !
15	he also brought along his longtime friend and pure-x bandmate peter stålfors , who assumed bass duties .
17	branningan circa 1960 owen brannigan obe ( 10 march 1908 9 may 1973 ) was an english bass , known in opera for buffo roles and in concert for a wide range of solo parts in music ranging from henry purcell to michael tippett .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is festively scored for four soloists , soprano , alto , tenor and bass , a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
46	track listings ; cd single - france ; cd single - usa ; cd maxi single - europe personnel joan osborne -- vocals , percussion , acoustic guitar eric bazilian -- guitar , mandolin , chant , saxophone , harmonica , electric piano mark egan -- bass rob hyman -- piano , organ , synthesizer , mellotron , backing vocals , drum andy kravitz -- drums , percussion accolades , chart performances and sales the song received grammy nominations in 1996 for best female pop vocal performance , record of the year , and song of the year .
14	joseph a. rouleau , ( born february 28 , 1929 ) is a french-canadian bass opera singer , particularly associated with the italian and french repertories .
10	during the recording sessions of the album tiago borges ( bass ) joined the band and in the summer jota ( drums ) and johnny ( guitar ) teamed up with urban tales .
20	the track begins with an intro with a lead guitar melody , which plays twice , accompanied by drums , bass , distorted rhythm guitar and saxophone .
6	members las ballade ( vocals and bass ) 2004 -- 11 jesper ( drums ) 2008 -- 11 nikolaj ( guitar ) 2004 -- 11 former members : yogi ( vocal ) 2004 -- 05 hasse ( drums ) 2004 -- 08 discography hjertestop demo cs ( maximum od/kick 'n' punch , 2004 ) åårh fuck !
21	the band started performing as the merry babes but changed to salad in 1992 , when pete brown was recruited on bass .
12	john lennon - vocals , lead guitar paul mccartney - vocals , bass george harrison - rhythm guitar ringo starr - drums the former beatles member , pete best , also released a cover of the song on his 1965 album , '' best of the beatles '' .
14	the elder magic ( sam ) let the younger magic ( slim ) play bass with his band and gave him his nickname .
25	formed in 1991 in an industrial warehouse loft in hamilton , ontario , the band consisted of vocalist sandy mcintosh , guitar mark milne , bass gary '' wool '' mcmaster and wet spots drum doug lea .
19	scoring and structure the cantata in eight movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir only for the closing chorale , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
5	there are no drums or bass instruments .
11	roles hrabina ( the countess ) - soprano the chorąży - bass bronia , his granddaughter - soprano kazimierz - tenor the podczaszyc - baritone dzidzi , his nephew - tenor panna ewa ( miss ewa ) , hrabina 's friend - soprano plot place : warsaw , poland and a village in the polish countryside time : early 19th century act i warsaw .
23	he was a choir boy at st john 's church , perry barr , and became interested in the guitar , then the bass .
24	members kent norberg : lead vocals , guitar chips kiesbye : lead vocals , guitar hans gäfvert : keyboards , samples heikki kiviaho : bass , backing vocals michael solén : drums discography albums wanna start a fire !
15	however , despite being his plectrum - hand he was still able to play the bass and joined the band in the successful tour .
10	track listing personnel arjen lucassen - vocals , guitar , bass , keyboard , synthesizer .
15	personnel john lennon -- double-tracked vocal , rhythm guitar paul mccartney -- backing vocal , bass george harrison -- backing vocal , lead guitar ringo starr -- drums george martin -- producer norman smith -- engineer covers performed by julian lennon on his 1985 valotte tour .
31	the defranco family recorded at united western recorders studios in hollywood with accompaniment by wrecking crew veterans hal blaine on drum , larry carlton on guitar , and max bennett on bass .
15	former members of the band include dave thompson ( guitar ) , jeremy galda ( bass ) , brian bird ( drum ) , and jason guindon ( drum ) .
3	the narrator ( bass solo ) : '' now in each nation there were some cast out '' 5 .
18	orlin anastassov ( born 1976 ) is a bulgaria opera singer with an active international career performing leading bass roles .
24	members loles vázquez '' anarkoma zorrita '' - guitar mamen rodrigo '' evelyn zorrita '' - voice begoña astigarraga '' ruth zorrita '' - bass lupe vázquez '' pigüy zorrita '' - drums discography «me gusta ser una zorra» / «inkisición» ( dos rombos , 1983 ) .
30	following the ep 's release , the band 's line-up expanded with the additions of rene solomon ( drums ) , garett goddard ( guitar ) and andrew connors ( bass ) .
13	in the 1980s , he began to produce his own electric guitars and bass .
20	the current line-up is james taylor ( hammond organ ) , chris montague ( guitar ) , andrew mckinney ( bass ) and adam betts ( drums ) , although recordings and live performances usually feature a horn section comprising john willmott ( tenor sax / flute ) and nick smart ( trumpet ) , and also vocalist yvonne yanney .
34	in 1979 , the singer vlado hristov - krle ( vocals ) formed a new structure of fol jazik , with vladimir petrovski - karter ( guitar ) , branko spasovski - puma ( bass ) and spend ibraimi - spend ( drums ) .
25	added in update 1.2 are '' smart strings '' , a string section made of 1st and 2nd violins , viola , cello , and bass , capable of playing notes legato , staccato , and pizzicato .
8	jon asencio ( aka john bondhead ) played bass and brock pytel was the band 's drummer .
14	pfauter left the band in 1984 and brent turner was brought in to play bass on the recording of their first album , when in rome do as the vandals .
30	band members david james foster - vocals & guitar ( 2009 -- present ) adam beddow - guitar & backing vocals ( 2009 -- present ) jamie c. weate - bass & backing vocals ( 2009 -- present ) daniel taylor - drums ( 2009 -- present ) formation and ` declaration of independence ep ' no americana formed in early 2009 .
25	'' track listing charts personnel ; cobra starship gabe saporta -- lead vocals ryland blackinton -- guitar , backing vocals and synthesizer alex suarez -- bass and backing vocals nate navarro -- drums victoria asher -- keytar and backing vocals all songs written and performed by cobra starship produced by cobra starship except : track 3 produced by kevin rudolf .
22	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , cornett to double the chorale melody , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
13	original guano apes members henning rümenapp ( guitar ) , stefan ude ( bass ) and dennis poschwatta ( drums ) reunited after having spent time on individual projects - of which poschwatta 's band tamoto was the only real band , as well as the most successful .
4	after years of playing bass , he opted for an acoustic guitar .
5	he is known for his bass singing voice .
18	it was recorded with a completely new band i.e. michał grymuza ( guitars ) , radosław zagajewski ( bass ) , krzysztof palczewski ( keyboard ) .
36	formed on january 1 , 2000 , it has consisted of yomi ( lead vocals ) , sakito ( lead guitar & backing vocals ) , hitsugi ( rhythm guitar ) , ni ~ ya ( bass & backing vocals ) and ruka ( drums & percussion ) for the majority of their career .
29	members the original group consisted of harry douglas ( baritone ) , vernon gardner ( first tenor ) , george lawson ( second tenor ) and edward ware ( bass ) .
14	style while '' tender '' is a piano driven ballad , with guitar and bass effects driving the song along at the same time and the drums acting as a backbone of the songs musical structure , '' shatter '' is somewhat far removed from the latter .
27	band history formation , demos and ensiferum ( 1992 − 2002 ) ensiferum was founded in 1995 by markus toivonen ( guitar ) , sauli savolainen ( bass ) and kimmo miettinen ( drum ) .
37	murray recruited john fahnestock , whom he had worked with on lo-pro 's first album lo-pro prior to fahnestock leaving during the six-year gap to their second album , the beautiful sounds of revenge , as a bass player .
6	characters marko , rich peasant , bass doma , his second wife , mezzo soprano đula , marko 's daughter from the first marriage , soprano mića ( ero ) , young man from the nearby village , tenor sima , millman , baritone shepherd boy , child soprano a young man , tenor girls ( 6 solo ) , women ( 8 solos ) , men , shepherds , fruit-merchants ( 4 solos ) , merchants ( 4 solos ) , children and other village people .
20	deyan vatchkov ( ) , born april 8 , 1979 , in sofia , bulgaria is a bulgarian opera singer bass .
38	the basic track for '' proud mary , '' as with the other songs on the album , was recorded by john fogerty ( lead guitar ) , tom fogerty ( rhythm guitar ) , stu cook ( bass ) , and doug clifford ( drum ) at rca studios in hollywood , california , with john overdubbing instruments and all the vocals later .
3	he switched to bass in 1932 , remaining with lunceford 's orchestra until 1942 .
13	additionally , a slimmed down offshoot of the group , featuring hone on bass , guitarist dave brock and drummer richard chadwick , in 2012 released a separate album , stellar variations , under the moniker hawkwind light orchestra .
18	track listing credits band members marcel coenen − guitars dennis leeflang − drums rob van der loo − bass joost van den broek − keyboards andré vuurboom − vocals other drums and guitars recorded at studio moskou , utrecht , the netherlands , engineered by silvia vermeulen .
7	jack mahaffy was signed on full-time as bass player in the summer of 2003 .
20	rhapsody 's then-producers , sascha paeth and miro , were hired to do the same job and also to provide bass and keyboard duties , respectively ( luca also performed additional keyboard parts himself ) .
1	the bass begins each '' '' .
9	scratches are provided by omega one , guitar and bass by damien paris of brooklyn - based band the giraffes and violin by baby dayliner .
7	their recordings also feature wayne chaulk on bass or guitar , ray johnson on accordion or fiddle , and kevin blackmore on mandolin , fiddle , guitar , and any number of improvised percussion instruments including tupperware lids and garbage bags .
22	track listing all compositions by barre phillips recorded at studio bauer in ludwigsburg , west germany in june 1979 personnel barre phillips bass john surman soprano saxophone .
13	collaborations appeared on the 2005 herman dune album not on top , playing bass and providing vocals provided vocals for several tracks on the 1999 album the moon by the wooden stars provided vocals on snailhouse 's 2001 album the opposite is also true contributed vocals on baby eagle 's 2007 no blues contributed vocals to attack in black 's song '' i 'm a rock '' on the autumnal tour 2008 7 '' contributed vocals on daniel romano 's 2013 album come cry with me discography studio albums broken girl \* ( sub pop , sappy ) -- 1996 ( reissued by jagjaguwar with the '' dog love , pt .
8	the instruments that he plays include guitar , bass , mandolin , mandocello , dobro , pedal steel , weissenborn , banjo , harmonica , and drums .
14	personnel dado villa-lobos -- guitar marcelo bonfá -- drums and percussion renato rocha -- bass renato russo -- vocals , classical guitar , keyboard album certification see also faroeste caboclo , a 2013 movie based on the song .
22	track listing all tracks by lizzy borden except were noted personnel lizzy borden - vocals alex nelson - guitar marten andersson - bass joey scott - drums additional personnel elliott solomon played all keyboards .
7	living loud was a recording project featuring bass player and songwriter bob daisley , uriah heep drummer lee kerslake , guitar steve morse of deep purple and cold chisel singer jimmy barnes .
21	track listing musicians nikolaj brinkmann - lead guitar jakob mølbjerg - rhythm guitar henrik '' kral '' andersen - vocals , bass rasmus jacobsen - drums guest appearances irene poulsen : : vocals on horizon and sister jane .
31	violet town 's members were wayne ( buz ) hissock on guitar and vocals , warren pitts on keyboards and vocals , peter van on drums , and luke blackburn on bass and vocals .
28	track listing performers rick froberg ( credited as nasdaq/reek fart ) - guitar , lead vocals john reis ( credited as spic odor/john re ) - guitar , bass , backing vocals jason kourkounis ( credited as judas deceased/jsinclair ) - drums kim thompson - backing vocals on '' salton city '' album information record label : swami records recorded june 1999 at big fish recorders in san diego by john reis and ben moore .
26	the musicians backing dylan on the track include charlie mccoy , joseph a. souter jr . , and wayne moss on guitar , henry strzelecki on bass , hargus '' pig '' robbins on piano , al kooper on organ and kenny buttrey on drums .
26	the band is currently composed of ryan tibbs ( lead vocals / guitar ) , will crowden ( drums / percussion ) , cesar corral ( bass ) , brent shumard ( saxophonist , percussion , synth ) matt zimmerman ( saxophonist , keyboard , synth ) and benjamin bassett ( lead guitar / lead vocals ) .
15	members christopher powell / pow pow -- drums tookie sherman -- keyboard chris reggiani -- bass a.i. -- vocal , banjo jamey robinson -- piano jim reggiani -- percussion griffin rodriguez -- megabass larry d. brown -- saxophone man durphic -- aestheticist magic ronston -- aestheticist discography need new body ( 2001 , file thirteen records / pickled egg records ) ufo ( 2003 , file thirteen records / pickled egg records ) where 's black ben ?
13	line-up jørn lande - vocals roland grapow - guitar jan s. eckert - bass , backing vocals mike terrana - drums axel mackenrott - keyboards credits produced by roland grapow recorded by roland grapow at grapow studios ( svk ) mixed & mastered by mikko karmila , roland grapow & mika jussila at finnvox studio , helsinki ( fin ) bandphotos by sight of sound artwork & design by hiko original crown designed by jose mesa '' mataparda '' .
27	history frakctalisation ( 1997 -- 1999 ) projekct one ( 1997 ) ( robert fripp - guitar , trey gunn - warr guitar , tony levin - bass , bill bruford - drums ) projekct one began as a suggestion by bruford to robert fripp that they do some improvisational shows together .
36	recordings esterházy : harmonia caelestis -- mária zádori , márta fers ( soprano ) , katalin gémes ( mezzo-soprano ) , katalin károlyi ( contralto ) , gábor kállay ( tenor ) , józsef moldvay ( bass ) ; savaria vocal ensemble , capella savaria , conducted by pál németh .
32	after meeting saxophonist billy sherrill , the pair began writing songs together , and formed an r & b band , the fairlanes , fronted by singer dan penn with hall playing bass .
27	music video the music video was directed by jonas åkerlund and is a performance-based music video , the first to feature melissa auf der maur , playing bass with the band after the departure of d'arcy wretzky .
44	track listing the 1959 vinyl album ; side one the 2006 cd rerelease personnel thelonious monk piano donald byrd trumpet eddie bert trombone robert northern french horn jay mcallister tuba phil woods alto saxophone charlie rouse tenor saxophone pepper adams baritone saxophone sam jones bass art taylor drums tributes as from 2010 , american jazz pianist jason moran went on tour with his project in my mind , a multimedia presentation heavily inspired by thelonious monk 's concert at the town hall .
12	later members were martin orford ( keyboards ) , john jowitt ( bass ) and steve christey ( drums ) .
13	by the age of fifteen and a half he already had a deep bass voice , which he used at the evening institute where he studied harmony .
12	personnel ritchie blackmore - guitar ian gillan - vocals roger glover - bass jon lord - organ ian paice - drums appearances it was used by extreme championship wrestling wrestler '' the franchise '' shane douglas as an entrance theme .
17	xix 164 -- 7 located at the biblioteca nazionale centrale firenze uncovered previously unidentified emblems in the bass partbook .
14	requiem canticles is a 15 minute composition by igor stravinsky , for contralto and bass soli , chorus , and orchestra .
4	their brothers were the bass thomas aynsley cook ( 1833 -- 1894 ) and the baritone john furneaux cook , and their sister , alice aynsley cook ( c. 1850 -- 1938 ) , was also an opera singer and musical comedy actress .
19	track listings personnel tarja turunen vocals tuomas holopainen keyboard and piano emppu vuorinen guitar jukka nevalainen drums marco hietala bass , vocals london philharmonic orchestra - orchestra and chorus video directed by uwe boll , '' wish i had an angel '' was the last video from once and it features some scenes from the 2005 movie alone in the dark , also directed by boll .
91	discography studio albums fluxion ( 2004 ) aeolian ( 2006 ) precambrian ( 2007 ) heliocentric ( 2010 ) anthropocentric ( 2010 ) pelagial ( 2013 ) other releases islands/tides ( 2001 ) fogdiver ep ( 2003 ) burst/the ocean split 7 '' ( 2005 ) the grand inquisitor ep 10 '' ( 2012 ) line-up loïc rossetti - vocals ( since 2009 ) robin staps - guitar ( since 2001 ) damian murdoch - guitar ( since 2013 ) paul seidel - drums ( since 2013 ) chris breuer - bass ( since 2013 , touring member & also made a recording appearance on pelagial ) former members former members are counted only since the formation of the first stable line-up , which happened in 2009 .
28	recording and structure while they recorded the song the guitar was played by barry and vince and joined by bluegrass musician bill keith on banjo , maurice on bass and colin on drums .
6	unusually , they now had two bass players , graham knight on 4 string and pat fairley on 6 string ( fairley having dropped the standard rhythm guitar normally associated with rock groups of the early 1960s ) .
28	impresario ( narrator , spoken role ) arlecchino ( tenor ) , brighella ( baritone ) , dottor balanzon ( baritone ) capitan spaventa di valle inferna ( bass ) pantalone ( baritone ) tartaglia ( tenor ) pulcinella ( tenor ) orfeo ( tenor ) synopsis an impresario presents a performance of his commedia dell ` arte troupe .
40	credits and personnel music : garbage lyrics : garbage produced : garbage performed & mixed : garbage 2nd engineer : mike zirkel vocals : shirley manson keyboards : duke erikson samples & loops : steve marker drums : butch vig bass : mike kashou recorded at smart studios , madison , wisconsin .
10	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for soprano and bass vocal soloists , four-part choir , oboe , violin , and basso continuo .
5	the fender bassman is a bass amplifier introduced by fender during 1952 .
31	as a side-project of mabbitt during his part in escape the fate , the remaining required members he recruited to start the word alive were chosen to be nick urlacher ( bass ) , dusty riach ( keyboard ) and tony aguilera ( drums ) .
26	pre lowlife dead neighbours was an early-1980s psychobilly band from grangemouth , scotland , originally consisting of craig lorentson ( vocals ) , david steel ( bass ) , ronnie buchanan ( guitar ) , and grant mcdowall ( drums ) .
28	for example , him played for the first time in the tavastia 's address in semifinal when ville valo , the lead-singer to be , was still playing bass .
27	personnel rivers cuomo -- lead vocals , lead guitar , harmonica patrick wilson -- drums brian bell -- rhythm guitar \* , backing vocals matt sharp -- bass , backing vocals ric ocasek -- producer chris shaw - engineer rivers cuomo stated that he played both lead and rhythm guitar on the blue album after former guitarist jason cropper left the band , but did say that brian did background vocals on the album .
57	the beacon theatre concert at the time of the beacon theatre concert , kingfish had its '' classic '' mid-70s lineup -- bob weir of the grateful dead on guitar and vocals , matthew kelly on guitar , harmonica , and vocals , dave torbert , formerly of the new riders of the purple sage , on bass and vocals , robbie hoddinott on lead guitar , and chris herold on drums .
25	credits and personnel melissa etheridge -- acoustic guitar , guitar , vocals wally badarou -- keyboard craig krampf -- percussion , drums kevin mccormick -- bass johnny lee schell -- guitar scott thurston -- keyboard waddy wachtel -- guitar melissa etheridge , niko bolas , craig krampf , kevin mccormick -- producers chris blackwell , rob fraboni -- executive producers allan blazek , jim nipar -- engineer david kane -- assistant engineer duane seykora , bob vogt -- mixing assistants stephen marcussen -- mastering melissa etheridge , craig krampf -- arrangers george dubose -- photography tony wright -- cover design cover versions german band 2-4 grooves recorded the song under the title '' the way i do '' in a house version and released it as a usual single with another song as a b-side and on a remix single including the radio version and three additional remixes .
17	band members ; current charles finn -- lead vocals ( 2007 -- 2011 ) jordan chase -- bass , vocals ( 2007 -- 2011 ) david ecker -- rhythm guitar ( 2009 -- 2011 ) jason ciolli -- lead guitar ( 2007 -- 2011 ) ryan loerke -- drums , percussion ( 2007 -- 2011 ) ; former bradyn byron -- rhythm guitar ( 2007 2009 ) discography studio albums singles '' xoxoxo '' ( great white whale ) '' vanishings '' ( great white whale ) '' warrior ( southern arrowwood ) '' ( teenage fantasy ) songs on compilations canada rocks , '' xoxoxo '' ( cmc distribution , 2008 ) songs from the penalty box , vol .
14	norman scott ( 1921 -- september 22 , 1968 ) was an american opera bass .
38	members rick driscoll -- vocals , guitar , born 1 may 1957 , enfield , middlesex , yan style ( born ian stile ) -- guitar , born 16 january 1955 , enfield , middlesex chris redburn -- bass , born 14 march 1956 , enfield , middlesex chris lacklison -- keyboards , born 15 october 1956 , london andy walton -- drums , born 1 october 1956 , enfield , middlesex discography singles 1973 '' heart of stone '' - reached number 11 in the uk charts , sung by tony kenny .
14	the two versions of ayler 's band heard on the record both feature two bass players , which '' sharpens the sound considerably , producing a rock-solid foundation for ayler 's raw witness '' .
12	handel used four voice parts , soprano , alto , tenor and bass in the solo and choral movements .
18	the band knut erik østgård : vocals and guitar steinar hagen : guitar and chorus tore larsen : bass and chorus øyvind håkonsen : drums in addition , magnus østvang has contributed on synthesizer and chorus .
10	the current band members and positions are jan müller ( bass ) , arne zank ( drums ) , dirk von lowtzow ( rhythm guitar , vocals ) , and , since 2004 , rick mcphail ( lead guitar , keyboard ) .
23	the group then featured rabson on piano , vocals and guitar , adegbalola on vocals and guitar , and faye on vocals , bass , mandolin , violin and guitar .
22	track listing musicians jakob mølbjerg -- rhythm guitar mikkel sandager -- clean vocals henrik '' kral '' andersen -- death growl , bass morten sandager -- keyboards mike park -- drums martin buus -- lead guitar special guest appearances additional vocals on firesoul and falling -- monika pedersen backing vocals on sharpen the edges -- jacob hansen backing vocals on sharpen the edges -- ziggy credits all music written and arranged by mercenary .
46	subsequently , hogarth 's side-project , the h-band , has played live across the uk and europe featuring a variety of musicians , including former the stone roses mkii guitarist aziz ibrahim , massive attack and the bays drummer andy gangadeen , session musician jingles on bass , aziz 's regular musical partner dalbir singh rattan on tablas and stephanie sobey-jones on cello .
25	a maxon pedal maxon is the name used by the nisshin onpa company of japan for its line of effects pedal designed for guitar and bass .
37	the group was the most commercially successful of the acoustic era , and at the peak of their popularity , between about 1911 and 1917 , also featured tenor henry burr , baritone arthur collins , and bass john meyer .
18	track listing personnel grant nicholas -- guitars , vocals , keyboards , percussion , production taka hirose -- bass karl brazil -- drums , percussion tim trotter -- drums on '' white lines '' , '' down to the river '' and '' fallen '' matt sime - production , engineering , mixing on '' city in a rut '' chris sheldon - mixing brian sperber - mixing on '' renegades '' and '' sentimental '' tom manning - assistant engineer ted jensen - mastering nigel walton - album sequencing nils leonard - art direction and design dean sherwood - photography basilio silva - photography release history it was released in japan by victor entertainment on june 30 , 2010 , and in the rest of the world through big teeth music on july 5 , 2010 .
15	the current frankenbok line-up consists of aaron butler ( guitar ) , tim miedecke ( bass and backing vocals ) , mick morley ( drums ) , dan mcdougall ( vocals ) and nathan ` yeti ' amatnieks ( guitar ) .
34	charlap appears at least twice a year for lengthy runs at some of the world 's major jazz clubs , including the village vanguard with his rhythm section , consisting of peter washington ( bass ) and kenny washington ( drums ) .
18	an arrangement of this symphony for chamber ensemble ( consisting of 2 violin , viola , cello , bass , clarinet , horn , piano 4-hands , and harmonium ) was prepared in 1921 by students and associates of arnold schoenberg , for the viennese '' society for private musical performances '' : hanns eisler ( 1st and 3rd movements ) , erwin stein ( 2nd mvt .
36	personnel ( montreux ) albert king - electric guitar and vocals donald kinsey - electric guitar rick watson - tenor saxophone norville hodges - trumpet wilbur thompson - trumpet james washington - organ bill rennie - bass sam king - drums montreux recording by sr ( radio suisse ) staff .
22	'' that eulogy ends with a distinctive drum machine pattern and then quickly becomes a hard rock number with heavy guitar , bass and synthesizers .
10	the lineup was filled by rhythm members mark levin on bass and jim cavanaugh on drums , and wanderlust was formed .
14	the song is also well known for bill wyman 's so-called '' dive-bombing '' bass line at the end of the song .
10	this is eventually joined by intermittent electric guitar chords and bass .
5	he recently retired from singing bass in the choir of st. mary 's cathedral , glasgow .
33	a sintir , or guimbri , being played by nuru kane the sintir ( ) , also known as the guembri ( ) , gimbri or hejhouj , is a three stringed skin-covered bass plucked lute used by the gnawa people .
6	it was the first album without bass jason harris , who had been replaced by peter nice ( better known as '' nelson '' ) .
31	scoring and structure flauto piccolo ( bottom ) , shown in comparison to other recorders the cantata in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , trumpet , flauto piccolo ( descant recorder in d ) , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and continuo .
24	personnel mick jagger - lead and backing vocals keith richards - rhythm guitar and solo brian jones - low tuned guitar bill wyman - bass , backing vocals charlie watts - drums jack nitzsche - tambourine , piano cover versions the british post-punk group the mekons covered the song on their 1988 album so good it hurts , twisting the song 's impact with female vocals provided by sally timms .
21	tour dates personnel performers lead performers michael jackson : vocals randy jackson vocals , assorted percussion jermaine jackson : vocals ; bass tito jackson : vocals ; guitar marlon jackson : vocals ; percussion jackie jackson : vocals ; percussion ( first performance during the quebec concerts .
28	the broken broadcast are a lo-fi folk band from the uk , originally consisting of james riggall vocals and acoustic guitar , emma reeve drums , grizzo hughes bass and carolyn reilly violin .
21	biography green echo was founded by nno mar ( guitar & effects ) , j ( drums ) and pedrü ( bass ) in 2003 .
7	'' anders herrlin , gyllene tider 's bass player , said it was finn 5 fel !
23	1999 reissue personnel ; double trouble stevie ray vaughan -- guitar , vocals , drums on '' empty arms '' tommy shannon -- bass , vocals on '' say what !
18	track listing personnel whiplasher bernadotte - vocals nightmare industries - guitar , keyboards , electronics skinny disco - bass bone w. machine '' öhman - drums guest performer : ann ekberg - female vocals ( on '' tongues '' and '' the greatest fight on earth '' ) production produced by nightmare industries .
42	history early years '' totem '' ( 1993-1997 ) the group was formed in 1993 by guitar adrian henderson , keyboards player / guitarist lachlan mitchell , former mortal sin and slaughter lord drummer steve hughes and dalibor backovic on vocals and bass .
9	personnel the outfield tony g lewis - vocals , bass john frederick spinks - electric & acoustic guitar , keyboards ; lead vocals on '' under a stone '' and '' jane '' additional personnel simon dawson - drums , percussion david fitzgerald - sax alvin lee - lead guitar stephen marcussen , ian thomas - programming reg webb - piano production adapted from allmusic .
20	personnel toby morse -- vocals todd morse -- guitar , vocals rusty pistachio -- guitar , vocals adam blake -- bass todd friend -- drum , vocals the album was recorded in august 2002 and mixed in september 2002 in suffern , new york .
32	it is becoming increasingly common in a cappella and barbershop music circles to use the fifth voice as vocal percussionist , with the remainder being a traditional satb ( soprano alto tenor bass ) quartet , or perhaps ssaa or ttbb .
46	mark reizen mark osipovich reizen , also reisen or reyzen ( , born in zaitsevo village , ekaterinoslav province , russian empire ( now ukraine ) died november 25 , 1992 moscow , russia ) was a leading soviet opera singer with a beautiful and expansive bass voice .
7	with the interplay of two guitars , bass , cello , and more prominent female vocals , scrabbling at the lock marked a turn toward melodic song structures that incorporated elements of free improvisation in the ex 's music .
25	band members selene vigil-wilk -- vocals stefanie sargent -- guitar ( 1990 1992 ) ( died on june 27 , 1992 ) elizabeth davis -- bass valerie agnew -- drums roisin dunne -- guitar ( 1992 1996 ) lisa faye beatty -- guitar ( 1997 ) ( died on november 25 , 2011 ) discography albums sick 'em ( c/z records , 1992 ) .
4	charlie haden plays wah-wah bass on the title track , while frank lowe 's tenor evokes a blues influence .
52	other members include : eric cymanski ( trumpet ) , robert ruffner ( trombone ) , paul lucckesi ( alto sax ) , todd doucet ( tenor sax ) , max bennett-parker ( piano ) , tony montanez ( drum ) , raymond gonzalez ( latin percussion ) , adam elmore ( bass ) , and jim fox ( guitar / vocals ) .
2	as a bass singer , he sang for instance jan blockx 's song ons vaderland in 1897 on the forbidden flemish demonstration in the belgian capital , brussels .
16	gregory reinhart ( born 18 june 1951 in pavilion , new york ) is an american bass opera singer .
1	- bass , backing vocals , leader .
20	they were formed in 1988 by justin broadrick ( guitar , vocals , and programming ) and g.c. green ( bass ) and disbanded in 2002 .
36	other members at various times included eric altman ( drum , played drums live and on all jimmy george recordings ) , christine chesser ( fiddle , vocals - chickpea ) , and vitas paukstitis ( bass ) .
23	the musicians for the original 1964 recording were : hancock ( piano ) , freddie hubbard ( cornet ) , ron carter ( bass ) and tony williams ( drums ) .
25	track listing all songs written by further seems forever performers jason gleason - vocals josh colbert - guitar derick cordoba - guitar chad neptune - bass steve kleisath - drums james wisner - keys , additional guitar album information record label : tooth & nail records record label ( vinyl version ) : all songs written by further seems forever .
23	formed in 1998 , the black seeds perform with eight members , with instruments including vocals , guitar , saxophone , trumpet , bass , drums , bongos , keyboard and wood block .
23	track listing personnel robin kvist - vocals filip norman - guitar jimmy wahlsteen - guitar federico de costa - drums patrik persson - bass guest musiciansl karl asp - saxophone , ( on '' ta farväl '' , '' aldrig tillbaks '' and '' förförande rädsla '' ) ola de freitas - violin , ( on '' vansinnet '' ) production bo fredrik gunnarsson - engineer marcus von boisman - engineer petter ingman - engineer mastered by claes persson .
7	he is not related to squeeze 's bass player , keith wilkinson although he was briefly a member of squeeze and can be seen in the video for ` this summer .
21	; green day billie joe armstrong -- lead vocals , guitar , harmonica on '' walking alone '' mike dirnt -- bass , backing vocals , baseball bat on '' desensitized '' tré cool -- drums , bongo , tambourine ; additional musicians petra haden -- violin on '' hitchin ' a ride '' and '' last ride in '' conan mccallum -- violin on '' good riddance ( time of your life ) '' gabrial mcnair , stephen bradley -- horn david campbell -- strings arranger ; production rob cavallo ; green day -- producer ken allardyce -- recording , engineer tony flores , mike dy , barry goldberg , bill kinsley , wes seidman -- additional engineers chris lord-alge -- mixing snorri brothers -- photography chris bilheimer -- photography , art direction , design chart positions weekly charts certifications references notes bibliography diehl , matt .
18	personnel patrick currier - vocals karl bareham - guitar chris moorhead - guitar / keys alex leeder - bass steven durham - drums george fafalios - director , editing hannah clayton - costume mark fafalios , lewis jones - gaffer .
34	most of the songs from the enter the realm ep , iced earth , and night of the stormrider were re-sung by matt barlow , and on some of the songs the drums and bass were redone .
24	he plays various string instruments such as acoustic and classic guitar , indian sarod , persia tar , turkish jumbush , moroccan ginberi and bass .
6	the members were lisa cook on bass , daryl stanislaw on drums , lyndon holmes on guitar and vocals , and ellyott on lead vocals and guitar ; ellyott was the main singer and song writer of israeli band pollyanaa frank , one of israel 's most important alternative bands .
18	the original lineup consisted of don fleming ( vocals and guitar ) , eric vermillion ( vocals , bass ) , and jay spiegel ( drums ) .
35	band members mike wiebe ( '' teko buller '' or '' wookie sensation '' ) - vocals fadi el-assad ( '' freddy castro '' ) - lead guitar ian mcdougall - guitar rob marchant - bass ian walling - drums previous members have included bassist pat lillard ( '' spider '' ) , guitarist jeremy diaz ( '' smokey '' ) , guitarist colin jones ( '' colin ambulance '' ) , drummer chris adams ( '' tuffy mckeller '' ) , drummer luke abbey , drummer jesse hamilton ( '' jesse 3x '' ) and drummer sam keir ( '' about that '' ) .
26	the choir comprises sixteen boy choristers and sixteen girl choristers aged between 8 -- 13 years and six professional lay vicars singing countertenor , tenor and bass .
14	credits and personnel ; personnel madonna -- vocals , background vocals bernard edwards -- bass brenda king -- background vocals curtis king -- background vocals lenny pickett -- saxophone nile rodgers -- guitar , synclavier robert sabino -- synthesizer nathaniel s. hardy , jr . -- synthesizer frank simms -- background vocals george simms -- background vocals dave weckl -- drums tony thompson -- drums ; design jeri mcmanus -- art direction , design jeffrey kent ayer -- art direction , design steven meisel -- photography maripol -- stylist ; production madonna -- producer stephen bray -- producer nile rodgers -- producer jason corsaro -- engineer budd tunick -- production manager bob ludwig -- audio mastering jimmy bralower -- drum programming ; record company sire records -- record label , u.s. copyright owner ( 1984 , 1985 ) warner bros. .
20	scoring and structure the cantata in nine movements is festively scored for three vocal soloists ( soprano , tenor and bass ) , a five-part choir ( ssatb ) , three trumpet , timpani , three oboe , taille ( tenor oboe ) , bassoon , two violin , two viola , two cello and basso continuo .
21	track 3 ; solos on 1 , 6 ) , ukulele ( 1 , 11 , 12 ) david piltch -- bass jay bellerose -- drums ( exc .
9	members -- vocals ( 2003 -- present ) -- bass , backing vocals ( 2003 -- present ) -- drums ( 2003 -- present ) -- guitar , backing vocals ( 2007 -- present ) -- keyboards , synthesizer ( 2007 -- present ) ; former members -- guitars , backing vocals ( 2003 -- 2007 ) equipment yu-ki ( keyboards ) uses a korg x50 and a yamaha mo6 in a firm ultimate ax48b rack .
16	'' her music consists mainly of modernized remixes of old hindi songs , entailing a very bass - heavy sound with some hip hop elements .
12	the band only played on classical instruments ( violins , cello , bass and drums ) .
22	in singing he took the alto or contra-tenor parts , invariably employing his falsetto , although his natural voice was a deep bass .
12	sebastian steinberg ( born february 20 , 1959 ) is an american bass player , best known for his work in the band soul coughing .
21	personnel ; eleventyseven matt langston - lead vocals , guitar , keyboard , synthesizer , programming , producer davey davenport - bass , backing vocals johnathan stephens - drums , backing vocals kyle lee - mixing troy glessener - mastering courtney thompson - album cover photograph joseph hader - art design music videos notes there is a huge alteration in the lyrics to '' wasted '' .
19	he played the drums for six months in a blues band with his friends , and he also played bass and guitar and sang backing vocals in a cover band .
18	he is the younger brother of the 1960s pop star eden kane , for whom he briefly played bass , and the elder brother of pop singer clive sarstedt .
12	personnel stewart copeland -- drums simon clark -- hammond , cmi , bass tony levin -- funk fingers jerry marotta -- funk fingers david rhodes -- guitar daniel lanois -- surf guitar peter gabriel -- vocals , cmi , synthesizer , prophet , linn p. p. arnold -- backing vocals coral gordon -- backing vocals dee lewis -- backing vocals wayne jackson -- trumpet , cornet mark rivera -- alto , tenor and baritone saxophone don mikkelsen -- trombone music video gabriel , successful after his smash hit '' sledgehammer '' , used the similarly up-tempo '' big time '' to create another visually stunning video .
22	the nucleus of the band were andy o ( overall ) on vocals , tim parry on guitar , mike ansell on bass and mickey sparrow on drum .
20	line-up the original line-up was : paul '' doug '' sheppard ( lead guitar ) terry hopkinson ( vocals , bass ) paul tognola ( vocals , lead guitar ) paul conyers ( drum ) .
16	tony mitchell ( born 5 september 1951 in sydney , australia ) is a songwriter and bass guitarist who rose to fame in the 1970s with the australian rock band , sherbet .
21	history 1968 1971 the band was formed in september 1968 by drummer jon hiseman , tenor sax player dick heckstall-smith and bass player tony reeves , who had previously worked together in john mayall 's bluesbreakers on the bare wires album .
27	for the project the members of lazlo bane switched instruments and took pseudonym : dino ( chicken ) - vocals , fuzzy ( tim bright ) - bass , licks ( chad fischer ) - drums , and stixx ( chris link ) - guitar .
18	roles dryada ( contralto ) graf gerold ( tenor ) guntram von bornhofen ( baritone ) ratto ( bass ) rheingraf boland von sternberg ( baritone ) silvana ( soprano ) recordings complete recording of the opera , conducted by gerhard markson ( on the marco polo label ) .
22	track listing credits the band : warrel dane - lead vocals jeff loomis - guitar steve smyth - guitar jim sheppard - bass van williams - drums guest musician : james murphy - special guest lead guitar on '' the holocaust of thought '' production : andy sneap - production , engineering , mixing , mastering hugh syme - cover art olle carlsson - band and background photography stefan wibbeke - layout and booklet design chart positions in popular culture in the marvel comic runaways ( comics ) one of the characters , chase stein mentions the track '' the psalm of lydia '' to a coworker as a flirt while at his job at a radio station .
25	the band consists of anders fernette ( vocals ) , håkan fredriksson ( keyboard ) , per lidén ( guitar ) , jimmy lundin ( bass ) and marcus nowak ( drums ) .
12	gwynne howell ( born 13 june 1938 ) is a welsh opera bass , known particularly for his performances of verdi and wagner roles .
30	according john crosby 's professor longhair : a bio-discography , performers included roy byrd ( vocals , piano ) , lee allen ( tenor saxophone ) , frank fields ( bass ) , earl palmer ( drums ) , and alvin '' red '' tyler ( baritone saxophone ) .
14	don reid sang lead ; harold reid , don 's older brother , sang bass ; phil balsley sang baritone ; and lew dewitt sang tenor and was the guitarist of the statlers before being replaced by jimmy fortune in 1983 due to dewitt 's ill health .
17	the band 's lineup included andrés del castillo ( vocals / guitar ) , march cesare ( bass ) , frank levin ( keyboards ) , scott milks ( drum ) , and marc parent ( guitar ) .
21	track listing personnel ; helloween andi deris - lead vocals michael weikath - guitar sascha gerstner - guitar markus grosskopf - bass ; additional musicians mark cross - drums on tracks 7 , 11 mikkey dee - drums on tracks 1-6 , 8-10 , 12 stefan schwarzmann - drums on tracks 13 , 14 ( bonus tracks ) trivia '' do you feel good '' was originally written during the sessions for the dark ride .
30	mario petri on stage ( 1955 ) mario petri ( january 21 , 1922 , perugia - january 26 , 1985 , città della pieve ) was an italian operatic bass particularly associated with mozart and rossini roles .
6	he was best known as the bass of motown group the four tops , which he joined in 1953 and continued to perform with for over five decades , until april 8 , 2005 .
17	on the session , joey murcia plays guitar , george bitzer on keyboards , harold cowart on bass and ron '' tubby '' zeigler on drums .
15	william '' billy '' cox ( born october 18 , 1941 ) is an american bass , best known for performing with jimi hendrix .
15	ludwig weber ( july 29 , 1899 december 9 , 1974 ) was an austrian bass .
13	instant death was a rock duo , with members dave dreiwitz ( on bass ) and scott byrne ( on drums ) formed in 1991 .
23	giulio neri ( may 21 , 1909 , torrita di siena - april 21 , 1958 , rome ) was an italian operatic bass , particularly associated with the italian repertory .
53	we 're only human ( previously the incredible kidda band and the kicks ) were a british powerpop and rock band , formed in london on 1 july 1981 , and composed of alan hammonds ( guitar and vocals ) , john rollason ( guitar and backing vocals ) , keith taylor ( bass ) and mark '' tarky '' bates ( drum and backing vocals ) .
6	credits justin currie -- vocals , bass , acoustic guitars iain harvie -- guitar david cummings -- guitar andy alston -- keyboard chris sharrock -- drums , percussion frazer spiers -- harmonica on '' food for songs '' david mccluskey -- violin on '' one thing left to do '' , '' smatterings of percussion '' martin ditcham -- '' smatterings of percussion '' singles '' roll to me '' became their most popular song in the us , peaking at no. 10 on the hot 100 chart .
29	here is the average set-list : encore : the band jon bon jovi lead vocals , acoustic guitar richie sambora lead guitar , backing vocals , talkbox hugh mcdonald bass , backing vocals tico torres drums , percussion david bryan keyboards , backing vocals additional personnel bobby bandiera - rhythm guitar , backing vocals lorenza ponce - violin , viola , backing vocals kurt johnston - pedal steel guitar , backing vocals tour grossings the first 22 shows grossed 41.4 million dollars , placing their tour at # 11 on the list for top grossing tours of 2007 .
5	their rendition -- which included bass singer richard sterban 's deep-voiced vocal solo on the chorus ( '' giddy up ba-oom papa oom papa mow mow '' ) -- would also become their biggest pop hit , peaking at no. 5 on the hot 100 that august .
14	in the summer of 1975 he was hired as bandleader , opening act and bass player in bob dylan 's band .
18	kaspar bausewein ( 15 november 1838 , aub -18 november 1903 , munich ) was a german opera bass who was active at the bavarian state opera from 1858 through 1900 .
14	'' history ezo consisted of masaki yamada ( vocals ) , taro takahashi ( bass ) , shoyo iida ( guitar ) and hiro homma ( drums ) .
29	track listing all lyrics written by ronnie james dio , music as stated personnel ; dio ronnie james dio -- lead vocals vivian campbell -- guitars jimmy bain -- bass claude schnell -- keyboards vinny appice -- drums ; additional musicians craig goldy -- guitars on '' time to burn '' ; production recorded at rumbo studios , los angeles , california , usa produced by ronnie james dio engineered by angelo arcuri assistant engineered by gary mcgachan laser effects : lasermedia inc. , los angeles , ca laser operator : michael moorhead originally mastered by greg fulginiti at artisan sound recorders , hollywood , usa remaster by andy pearce ( 2012 universal deluxe edition ) mixed on westlake audio bbsm6 monitors illustration by robert florczak charts ; album ; singles certifications the riaa certified sacred heart gold ( 500,000 units sold ) on october 15 , 1985 .
10	) ; fl 1698 -- 1744 ) was an italian bass singer though in modern terms a baritone of the 18th century .
27	track listing personnel j. j. johnson , kai winding trombone bob james , herbie hancock , ross tompkins - keyboards george benson - guitar ron carter - bass grady tate - drums other unidentified musicians track 1 : 13 : 56 / 2 : 4 : 27 / 3 : 11 : 19 / 4 : 7 : 30 total : 37 : 12 assigned u.s. catalog number ` sp 3027 ' but not released domestically .
12	hans sotin ( born 10 september 1939 ) is a german opera bass .
17	the participants were alf ( song ) , harald ( song , mandolin ) , elä ( bass ) , steffe ( guitar ) , björn ( drums ) , totte ( banjo ) , karin ( accordion ) , majje ( whistle ) , viktor ( trombone ) , rikard ( trumpet ) and martin ( saxophone ) .
47	the song was released to promote the not of this earth album , recorded by a new line-up which featured long-term members dave vanian and rat scabies , and new members kris dollimore ( guitar ) , allan lee shaw ( guitar ) , and moose ( bass ) .
16	pol henri plançon ( 12 june 1851 11 august 1914 ) was a distinguished french operatic bass ( basse chantante ) .
13	richard anthony sterban ( born april 24 , 1943 ) is an american bass singer born in camden , new jersey , who joined the country and gospel quartet the oak ridge boys in 1972 .
44	the line-up included former wizzard and move member rick price ( pedal steel guitar ) , alongside bob wilson ( trombone ) , billy paul ( alto and baritone saxes ) , paul robbins ( keyboard , backing vocals ) , graham gallery ( bass ) , and dave donovan ( drum ) .
22	members horn , paul - guitar , polysix , quasimidi 309 , mini analog synth created by paul onnen , dave - bass shapiro , jason - roland jp-8000 , roland mc-909 , symetrix 606 , tc electronic d-two teasley , fred - guitar , ms-20 , micromoog biography in february 1996 , jason shapiro and paul horn collaborated on a primarily improvised performance for a showcase at intermedia arts in minneapolis , minnesota ( '' you 're my avant-guitar hero '' , february 23 24 , 1996 ) .
3	gary lunn : bass guitars .
11	her second marriage was in december 1947 , to the famous bass player ray brown , whom she had met while on tour with dizzy gillespie 's band a year earlier .
12	the album also features gary husband on drums , mick hutton on bass , phil robson on guitar and paul edmonds on piano .
52	the squirrel nut zippers are an american band formed in 1993 in chapel hill , north carolina , united states , by james '' jimbo '' mathus ( vocal and guitar ) , katharine whalen ( vocals , banjo , and ukulele ) , chris phillips on drums , don raleigh on bass and sideman ken mosher .
26	side one side two credits band members robin zander -- lead vocals , rhythm guitar rick nielsen -- lead guitar , backing vocals tom petersson -- bass , backing vocals bun e. carlos -- drums production tomoo suzuki - recording engineer jay messina , jack douglas - mixing gary ladinsky , mike beriger - mastering sequel and re-issues budokan ii was released in february 1994 as a sequel of the first album , consisting of the remaining tracks from the concert not included on the original album and the tracks '' stiff competition '' , '' on top of the world '' , and '' how are you ?
31	in 2009 , she performed with the kimberly thompson quartet , which featured band members mark shim ( saxophone ) , craig magnano ( guitar ) , and tarus mateen ( bass ) .
38	louis edward satterfield ( 3 april 1937 , shaw , mississippi , united states -- 27 september 2004 , chicago , illinois ) , also known with the stage names of lui-lui and sat , was an american bass and trombone player , primarily noted as a session musician and for his tours as a sideman with a large number of highly visible and commercially successful blues rock performers including b.b . king , muddy waters , howlin ' wolf , earth , wind & fire , and phil collins .
21	history the band was formed by mark bandola ( vocals , guitar , keyboards ) and rob vandeven ( vocals , bass ) , with pete barraclough ( guitars , keyboards ) , and bryan hudspeth ( drums ) .
14	track listing personnel dave smalley -- vocals bill stevenson -- drum karl alvarez -- bass , vocals stephen egerton -- guitar trivia a young basketball player is seen wearing an '' allroy for prez '' t-shirt in the movie '' jack '' featuring robin williams .
14	darling '' mark eric - guitar on '' greenwich meantime '' bruce kulick - bass on '' the day i went mad '' , '' do n't look down '' , '' oh !
8	they convinced kelly casper to join in on bass with matt playing guitar and singing .
15	members shorre mccolman -- vocals scott chalmers -- guitar / vocals matthew dean wispinski -- bass / vocals glenn thorpe - guitars jay may -- drums discography to date , keep 6 has released their independently recorded debut album humanifesto in 2007 , followed by a second album four fangs in 2010 , and are currently working on a third album .
0	bass were arranged by niclas bosson .
43	the original members of super 8 cum shot , performing on the recording are : john kamys aka jinx titanic vocals , jeff kust aka g.i. tarbaby barbra guitar , mitch marlow aka machine gun garafalo guitar , chris sewell aka dax malkovich bass , timothy ford aka posey ( t-mint ) parker drums .
44	track listing ; primary musicians slash -- lead guitar , acoustic guitar on '' anastasia '' , talkbox on '' carolina '' myles kennedy -- lead vocals , rhythm guitar , co - lead guitar on '' far and away '' todd kerns -- bass , backing vocal , screams on '' one last thrill '' and '' you 're a lie '' brent fitz -- drums , percussion , piano on '' far and away '' ; production personnel eric valentine -- production , engineering , mixing cian riordan -- engineering bradley cook -- engineering jame chung -- engineering junior assistant frank maddocks -- art direction , design casey howard -- artwork travis shinn -- photography miscellaneous the whole album was recorded with analog equipment only .
27	the members of the band use stage name and are : angelina galactique ( backing vocals , flute , keyboards , melodica ) , tommy glorioso ( bass ) , jim goldworth ( lead vocals , electric and acoustic guitar ) , kingo ( drum and percussion ) and mickey maniac ( backing vocals , guitar , melodica ) .
10	arthur fear ( 1902 -- 1984 ) was a welsh bass and baritone opera singer .
20	personnel nathan ells - vocals , lyrics a.j. minette - guitar , piano dean herrera - guitar kenny arehart - bass brett powell - drums sons of nero - artwork in popular culture an 8-bit remix of '' crossing the rubicon '' is used as the theme song for the angry joe show , an internet video game review series hosted by joe vargas .
31	the members of his band include : doble sentido ( 2003 ) sandy stein ( piano and accordion ) jesus '' el niño '' perez ( piano ) eddie resto ( bass ) nacho ontiveros ( timbal and guiro ) marcos tabori ( timbal ) papo rodriguez ( conga and bongo ) ricky rodriguez ( conga ) braulio berrera ( bongo , cajon , and vocals ) ramon flores ( trumpet ) charlie biggs ( trumpet ) arturo velasco trombone ) erick jeorgensen ( trombone ) david stout ( trombone ) bobby rivas guiro and maracas .
13	michele benedetti ( 17 october 1778 -- after 1828 ) was an italian bass particularly associated with rossini roles .
18	'' b-sides part one of the single contains the b-side song '' cuttooth '' , with piano and bass working collectively and fluently , and a few samples running in and out throughout the song .
31	the session was produced by the chess brothers , leonard and phil , and backing berry ( vocals , guitar ) were johnnie johnson ( piano ) , willie dixon ( bass ) , and fred below ( drum ) .
40	in 1942 , in the absence of the station 's owner and announcer sam anderson , he also began reading commercials on the station 's 15-minute slot sponsored by the king biscuit flour company , and began learning to play bass .
31	track listing personnel the pharmaceutical bandits matt embree - vocals , guitar rich balling - trombone , vocals noah gaffney - tenor sax , alto sax , vocals franz worth - bass chris tsagakis - drums additional personnel neil burdick - alto sax , vocals chris colonnier - trombone , keyboard , vocals diana smallwood bond - vocals randy briggs aka '' jaime the robot '' - sax one ball jay - gang vocals pickle - gang vocals jackie ojeda - gang vocals sonny johnston - gang vocals chris rush - gang vocals aka caroline smallwood aka carolyn smallwood - producer - engineer rich vollaire - graphic layout artwork - chris tsagakis additional notes '' i do n't care '' - although noted on the album as being three minutes long - instead runs four minutes , thirty seconds .
33	'' track listing all songs written by matt thiessen side a side b credits matt thiessen -- lead vocals , guitar , piano matt hoopes -- guitar , backing vocals brian pittman -- bass dave douglas -- drums , backing vocals ( drums on '' we 're nothing without you only ) brett schoneman - drums ( all but '' we 're nothing without you '' ) the credits in the booklet of the bird and the bee sides showed that philmore drummer and former relient k fill in drummer , brett schoneman , played drums on every song of this ep except '' we 're nothing without you '' .
38	career the band was formed in 1962 in san gabriel , california , by brothers lawrence perez ( guitar ) and john perez ( drum ) , and neighbors george delgado ( guitar ) and frank zuniga ( bass ) .
16	personnel rainer bauer : electric & twelve-string guitar , vocal ulrich leopold : electric & acoustic bass krischke : drums , piano angelika filanda : drums , vocal ella bauer : drums , percussion , vocal uschi obermaier : maracas helge filanda : conga , vocal rerelease information since its debut in 1969 on metronome ( and its concurrent stateside release , the album has been re-issued a total of nine times .
29	selected cantatas the table used abbreviations : s = soprano , ms = mezzo-soprano , a = alto , t = tenor , bar = baritone , b = bass , childr = children 's choir , str = strings , instr = instruments , tr = tromba ( trumpet ) , co = horn , cn = cornett , tb = trombone , ti = timpani , fl = recorder , ft = flauto traverso , ob = oboe , oa = oboe d'amore , oc = oboe da caccia , vn = violin , va = viola , vc = cello , fg = bassoon , org = organ ) , bc = basso continuo literature alfred dürr : johann sebastian bach : die kantaten .
18	history bikeride was formed in 1994 by tony carbone ( guitar , vocals ) , bill sipes ( bass ) , and craig hendricks ( drums ) in fountain valley , ca .
4	mike sammes sings a bass vocal harmony on the song .
8	personnel phil ehart - drums dave hope - bass kerry livgren - guitar , keyboard robby steinhardt - violin , vocals , anvil steve walsh - keyboard , vocals rich williams - guitar re-release the cover art for on the other side .
29	overview the band members were bill bartlett ( guitar ) , pete charles ( drums ) , myke scavone ( lead singer ) , and howie arthur blauvelt ( bass ) .
5	the group later acquired a bass , violin , and guitar .
27	he began with the clarinet , experimented with the piano , drums and guitar , yet at the age of 14 found his true passion in the bass .
14	com or simply ug , is a large guitarist community website including guitar and bass tablature , reviews of music and equipment , interviews with notable musicians , online written and video lessons , and forums .
31	the album was recorded in stereo quadraphonic sound and featured guest performances by members of the grateful dead , including jerry garcia playing treated guitar and phil lesh playing electronic alembic bass .
39	track listing personnel maddy prior - vocals june tabor - vocals martin carthy - guitar nic jones - fiddle tony hall - melodeon andy irvine - mandolin johnny moynihan - bouzouki gabriel mckeon - uillean pipes danny thompson - bass john gillaspie brian golbey critical reviews this album has been widely regarded as the best english acoustic traditional folk album of the 1970s .
34	lennon has explained the song as follows : personnel the musicians who performed on the original recording were as follows : john lennon -- vocals , guitar ringo starr -- drums klaus voormann -- bass this song was sampled extensively on the track '' hold on john '' by hip-hop group johnson&jonson , from their self-titled album .
32	track listing versions ; united states 7 '' ; united kingdom 12 '' ; germany 12 '' personnel dave mustaine - guitar , lead vocals jeff young - guitar david ellefson - bass , backing vocals chuck behler - drums additional personnel steve jones ( sex pistols ) - guitar solo green jellÿ cover green jellÿ 's version of '' anarchy in the u.k. '' is a parody cover of the original .
35	track list personnel stewart brown guitar , vocals b.j . cole dobro , guitar , pedal steel , cello , steel guitar mick grabham organ , guitar , piano , keyboards , vocals rick wills bass , vocals john '' sly '' wilson percussion , drums , vocals hipgnosis photography , cover design john stewart engineer hugh fielder liner notes reception richie unterberger of allmusic wrote that cochise '' treads an uneasy line between eclectic diversity and a lack of direction '' and is '' distinguished just slightly by a more country-ish flavor than the norm ( early 1970s british rock ) , courtesy of cole 's pedal steel '' .
18	the band was formed at that time by : yoryi on the drums , josé r on the bass , on the guitar and viola as the vocalist .
42	acoustically , the choice of a clarinet , violin , and piano is characteristic in that most chamber music ( and most music in general ) contains high ( soprano ) , mid-range ( alto / tenor ) , and low ( bass / baritone ) parts .
18	personnel jon bon jovi lead vocals , guitar richie sambora guitar , backing vocals , talkbox hugh mcdonald bass , backing vocals tico torres drums david bryan keyboards , backing vocals tour dates box office score data from the 19 shows reported from billboard , the one wild night tour grossed a total of $ 17,143,241 with a total attendance of 391,321 .
6	as a young man he sang bass in the church choir , in the san diego bach chorus , in choral workshops under roger wagner at san diego state university , and in madrigal groups for '' dancing on the green '' , an elizabethan-era folk dancing event held in front of the old globe .
4	members danny bland -- bass james burdyshaw -- guitar ( formerly of 64 spiders ) .
6	trace elliot is a united kingdom-based bass amplification manufacturer , and has a sub-brand , trace acoustic , for acoustic instrument .
28	limited edition dvd line-up mikkel sandager - vocals jakob mølbjerg - guitars martin buus - lead guitars morten sandager - keys mike park - drums special guest appearances bass on album -- jacob hansen guest vocals on redefine me -- björn '' speed '' strid ( from soilwork ) guest vocals on soul decision -- marcus bischoff ( from heaven shall burn ) credits all music written and arranged by mercenary .
24	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored rather modestly : the four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) and a four-part choir are accompanied only by two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
45	personnel steve ignorant - vocals joy de vivre - vocals phil free - guitar gee vaucher - voices , artwork eve libertine - vocals n. a. palmer - guitar ( rhythm ) , vocals , voices penny rimbaud - drums , vocals pete wright - bass paul ellis - piano , strings crass - producer john loder - engineer judy - typing quotes '' the listener experiences and shares the performer 's exhaustion as voices crack , the beat wanders , energy flags and returns '' - george mckay describing the album in senseless acts of beauty ( verso , 1996 ) tracks cd release ` crassical collection ' reissue tracklisting note that the tracks on disc 1 are cut up incorrectly .
9	track listing personnel neige - vocals , guitar , bass , synth , drums audrey sylvain - vocals on '' sur l'autre rive je t ` attendrai .
29	the last line-up was alex gillings ( rhythm guitar ) , gemma clarke ( drums ) , claire wakeman ( lead guitar , vocals ) and lulu small ( bass ) .
22	joe schermie ( february 12 , 1946 - march 25 , 2002 ) was an american musician , best known as the bass player for the 1970s american rock-pop group three dog night .
20	session work since inception of quasi coomes has done much recording work with other bands , mostly on keyboards and bass .
7	personnel geddy lee - lead vocals , bass , synthesizer alex lifeson - guitar neil peart - drums , percussion terry brown -- engineer hugh syme -- design george graves -- mastering on original album bob ludwig -- remastering remaster details a remaster was issued in 1997 .
19	vier ernste gesänge ( four serious songs ) , op. 121 , is a cycle of four song for bass and piano by johannes brahms .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo : music as with many works of georg philipp telemann , but rare in bach 's cantatas , the bible quotation is split in two movements , a duet and a chorus which follows immediately in a different time and faster tempo .
2	he played bass for humpy bong which featured former bee gees drummer colin petersen .
6	players can choose between guitar , bass , keyboard , and drums , which each have their own unique play style .
22	during this time , the band consisted of clint boge on lead vocal , kurt goedhart on guitar , glenn esmond on bass , and ben hall on drums .
18	musical style yuko hara on keyboards during the southern all-stars ' 30th anniversary concert kuwata plays guitar , bass , drums and keyboards .
18	track listing personnel napalm death mark greenway -- vocals mitch harris -- guitar , vocals shane embury -- bass , vocals danny herrera -- drums production napalm death -- arrangement , production russ russell -- production , engineering , mixing , mastering mick kenney -- outside illustration kevin sharp -- inside illustration carsten drescher -- layout hugo chevalier -- band photo ( herrera ) ccphotoart .
31	b. e. taylor later re-recorded this song on his first solo album , try love , as more of a rock song , getting rid of the synthesizers and making the bass , lead guitar , and drums much more involved .
26	personnel tim burgess -- lead vocals , harmonica mark collins -- guitar tony rogers -- mellotron , organ , piano , backing vocals martin blunt -- bass jon brookes -- drums ged lynch -- percussion ( 2,3,8,10 ) stacy plunk -- backing vocals ( 3,4,9 ) yvonne marx -- backing vocals ( 3,10 ) daniel lanois -- pedal steel ( 4 ) jim keltner -- percussion ( 4,12 ) critical reception q listed wonderland as one of the best 50 albums of 2001 .
14	he performed all the rhythm and lead guitar work simultaneously , while adams played bass and the third band member , mickey curry , played drums .
8	the sex brain ep features canaan faulkner ( bass ) , chris forbes ( electric guitar ) , keith hanlon ( drums , electric guitar ) , sarah jurcyk ( backing vocals ) , and horace roscoe ( alto saxophone ) .
11	members current members vocals - matt tobin guitar - chris lemasters bass - kellan lindsay guitar - sebastian lueth drums - kelly bilan discography her name was tragedy ( ep ) ( 2004 ) what really happened at lover 's lane ( ep ) ( november 29 , 2005 ) the fanciful ( march 18 , 2008 ) the machines we are ( august 4 , 2009 ) antimacy ( august 2 , 2011 ) non-album songs the end is the beginning is the end ( the smashing pumpkins cover , released in 2011 as a free download via dead and divine 's facebook in exchange for likes prior to the release of antimacy ) lotion ( deftones cover , was only available for download by attending one of dead and divine 's special shows in february 2012 in kitchener , st. catherines , and hamilton .
6	other members include jeff kearns ( bass , vocals ) , stephen ittner ( drums ) , and john crozier ( guitar ) .
94	the album also includes '' in re don giovanni , '' nyman 's first composition for the band , which is based on the first sixteen bars of '' madamina , il catalogo è questo '' from don giovanni , six selections from peter greenaway 's film , drowning by numbers , in which he was instructed to base the music on the slow movement mozart 's sinfonia concertante k. 364 , and two duets and an aria from nyman 's television opera , letters , riddles and writs , in this recording featuring bass andrew slater as leopold mozart and contralto hilary summers as wolfgang .
20	nick massi , ( born nicholas macioci , september 19 , 1935 - december 24 , 2000 ) was the bass singer for the four seasons , born in newark , new jersey .
14	however , in its fullest form the omnibus progression involves a descent in the bass which traverses a whole octave and includes every note of the chromatic scale .
2	leigh marklew bass - born 10 august 1968 , bradford .
19	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboe , bassoon , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
39	the four members in the band at the time , toby morrell ( vocals / guitar ) , devin shelton ( drums ) , matt carter ( guitar / keyboards ) , and joel '' chopper '' green ( bass ) actually left rock hill , south carolina for seattle on september 11 , the day of the terrorist attacks ; they found out about the attacks when they stopped at a local diner in south carolina .
11	he himself was the teacher of a number of important british bass , including robert lloyd , willard white , john tomlinson and gwynne howell .
36	the group 's career the feminine complex consisted of mindy dalton on guitar and vocals , judi griffith on tambourine and vocals , lana napier on drums , pame stephens on keyboards and jean williams on bass .
37	members ; current members ben barlow - lead vocals ( 2012 -- present ) lloyd roberts - lead guitar ( 2012 -- present ) matt west - rhythm guitar ( 2012 -- present ) fil thorpe-evans - bass ( 2012 -- present ) dani washington - drums ( 2012 -- present ) discography ; studio albums wishful thinking ( 2014 ) rain in july ( 2012 ) a history of bad decisions ( 2013 ) neck deep / knuckle puck tour 7 '' ( 2014 ) rain in july / a history of bad decisions ( 2014 ) awards ; kerrang !
41	concert the lineup of the grateful dead for this concert -- and for all their concerts from july 1972 to october 1974 -- was jerry garcia on guitar and vocals , bob weir on guitar and vocals , phil lesh on bass and vocals , keith godchaux on keyboards , donna jean godchaux on vocals , and bill kreutzmann on drums .
29	the lineup consists of rebecca frazier ( née hoggan ) on guitar , john frazier on mandolin and occasionally fiddle , kyle tuttle on banjo , royal masat on bass , and shad cobb on fiddle .
12	line-up kenneth leer - vocals rick fiorio - drum jeff mackey - bass adam valk - guitar discography albums 5 o'clock orange ( 1996 mack-daddy records ) acid millennium ( 1997 mack-daddy records ) greatest hits vol .
8	biography the band consisted of chin injeti on bass , ivana santilli on keyboards , and mc mystic ( roger mooking ) on percussion .
43	enhanced edition bonus tracks normal listing + credits mathias '' warlord '' nygård -- vocal , orchestral programming , keyboard jussi wickström -- guitar tuomas '' tude '' lehtonen -- drums , percussion olli vänskä -- violin hannes '' hanu '' horma -- bass , backing vocals janne '' lisko '' mäkinen -- accordion music by mathias nygård , except track 3 ( nygård / wickström ) , 5 ( nygård / lisko/v änskä ) and 6 ( nygård / vänskä ) .
25	scoring and structure the cantata was scored for four vocalist soloists : diana , soprano i pales , soprano ii endymion , tenor pan , bass the instrumental parts comprised two horns , two recorders , two oboes , taille , bassoon , two violins , viola , cello , violone , and continuo .
5	'' personnel sascha konietzko -- bass , vocals , guitar , synths , programming en esch -- vocals , guitars , drums , programming raymond watts -- vocals ( '' no meat -- no man '' , '' do n't blow your top '' , '' disgust '' ) , programming ( '' no meat -- no man '' , '' do n't blow your top '' , '' disgust '' ) jr. .
16	the band carried on , adding new members chuck leavell on piano and lamar williams on bass .
19	track listing all tracks by anja orthodox personnel anja orthodox - vocal mariusz kumala - guitar krzysztof najman - bass janusz jastrzębowski - drums michał rollinger - keyboards music - closterkeller .
56	this is how the credits appear : topon das -- vocals , answering machine , midi , guitar sedric k. downy -- guitar , kettle sampling , vocals robin lowman -- guitar , samba albums , un - christian noise attacks alphie makay -- drums , drum machine , toilet flushes , vocals max vo -- bass , chapman stick , vacuum noise fuck the facts -- composer , performer , recording , mixing reissue in 2003 , discoing the dead was remastered and reissued with new artwork and one bonus track on brazilian label black hole productions .
14	with the exception of tambourine , the album was recorded using only guitar , bass , drums and vocals .
20	the original line up consisted of strummer on vocals and guitar , antony genn on guitar , scott shields on bass , martin slattery on keyboards and guitar , as well as flute and saxophone on select songs , pablo cook on various percussion instruments and steve barnard on drums , using his stage moniker '' smiley '' .
3	music field contributed bass and vocals in the band rodriguez with m. ward and mike funk .
23	currently musical direction is shared by the founder , the basque musicologist jon bagüés ( b. errenteria 1955 ) , and by the bass josep cabré .
4	he began playing the bass at age 13 , after the death of his brother .
21	kim borg photo taken on 1965 kim borg ( august 7 , 1919 april 28 , 2000 ) was a finnish bass , teacher and composer .
36	characters and setting mateo falcone : baritone giuseppa , his wife : soprano fredrick , a corsican carpenter baritone fortunato , their son : alto sanpiero , a smuggler : tenor gamba , a sergeant : bass a few soldiers ( i.e. , gendarmes ) : tenors and basses setting : corsica , 1800s a view of the rugged landscape of corsica synopsis the boy fortunato is outside of his family 's house , playing a horn while his parents are away .
47	promo single 7 '' vinyl geffen 9 24148-2 : a side : my michelle b side : knockin ' on heaven 's door ( live ) personnel izzy stradlin - rhythm guitar , backing vocals slash - lead guitar axl rose - lead vocals duff mckagan - bass , backing vocals steven adler - drums covers the song was covered by the punk group afi for the compilation called punk goes metal .
48	at the time their self-titled first album was recorded , jemimah puddleduck also featured john molo ( who had previously played with bruce hornsby , the other ones , and phil lesh and friends ) on drums , bob gross ( albert king , delaney bramlett ) on bass , and arlan schierbaum ( richie kotzen ) on keyboards .
17	the band was founded by michael '' elf '' mayer ( guitar ) , eddi räther ( bass ) and ball ( peter wodok -- drums ) .
6	the members were malcolm harker on bass , paul hooper on drums , bob jackson on keyboards and lead vocals and colin williams on guitar .
13	personnel herbie hancock piano freddie hubbard trumpet george coleman tenor saxophone ron carter bass tony williams drums other versions ahmad jamal recorded a version of '' dolphin dance '' on his 1971 album the awakening .
18	jakob stämpfli ( 26 october 1934 in bern -- 28 september 2014 in thun ) was a swiss bass concert singer and an influential academic teacher and director of the conservatory in bern , also a teacher in saarbrücken .
55	blind date was a german pop music group formed in 1984 , originally consisting of uwe schlürmann ( vocals and guitar ) , peter koch ( percussion ) , matthias baumgardt ( guitar ) , james michael griffin ( keyboard ) , amy & elaine goff ( vocals ) , mark oesterreich ( guitar , bass and vocals ) , roman müllenbach ( saxophone ) and bruce kent ( drums ) .
9	live performances the original line-up had alistair watson on bass and andrew morgan on keyboard but this was changed to the current set-up in june 2007 .
27	'' personnel mick jagger -- lead vocals , harmonica keith richards -- guitar , backing vocals mick taylor -- lead guitar , slide guitar bill wyman -- bass charlie watts -- drums additional musicians ian stewart -- piano on '' carol '' and '' little queenie '' tour set list a typical set list for the tour included the following , although there were substitutions ( note the presence of '' gim me shelter '' on live'r than you 'll ever be ) , variations and order switches throughout the tour .
8	abuelo spent ten years in europe , until bass player cachorro lópez , who was a popular session musician with reggae and funk bands , convinced him to return to argentina for a second incarnation of the abuelos .
15	career kongshaug started playing the accordion ( 1950 ) , guitar ( 1958 ) and bass ( 1964 ) .
9	on the album chrisye provided vocals and played the bass , while soerjoprajogo played several instruments -- including the mandolin .
20	the current touring line up as of 2013 is alix kol ( violin , vocals ) ; mitch mclennan ( bass ) , andy davis ( drums ) and emma baker ( cello ) .
44	members line-up before band break-up qualcast '' koffee perkulator '' mutilator ( pete lee ) - vocals concorde faceripper ( steve nesfield ) - guitar schizo rotary sprintmaster ( gavin ` paddy ' o'malley ) - guitar mightymo destructimo ( chris parkes ) - bass explodin ' dr jaggers flymo ( chris flint ) - drums former members ( as lawnmower deth ) baron kev von thresh meister silo stench chisel '' is it time for my dinner yet ?
24	personnel melissa etheridge - vocals , 12 string guitar bono - harmonica bernie larsen - electric guitar mauricio-fritz lewak - drums kevin mccormick - bass scott thurston - keyboard waddy wachtel - guitar note : richard wachtel is credited for guitar , on allmusic , but this is a known error , and he is not credited on discogs .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , bass ) , a four-part choir , trumpet , flauto traverso , oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
17	among his notable pupils were tenors luciano pavarotti , giuliano bernardi , and vincenzo la scola and bass michele pertusi .
1	a bass with a rich , smooth and sonorous voice , he spent 22 seasons at new york 's metropolitan opera , appearing in more than 750 performances of 50 operas .
16	members yasuko onuki -- vocals ichirou agata -- guitar , effects former members rika hamamoto -- bass drummers melt-banana does not currently have an official drummer .
17	scoring and structure the cantata is festively scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , tromba da tirarsi to double the cantus firmus , three oboe , two violin , viola , and continuo .
30	original band members consisted of dave coutts ( vocals , guitar ) , jim schumacher ( keyboards , vocals ) , mark templin ( guitar ) , rusty riopelle ( bass ) , and steve coutts ( drums ) .
44	albums melodrom ( 2004 ) the guide ( 2006 ) variacije ( remixes ) ( 2008 ) vse kar si pustila da leži na tleh ( 2010 ) line-up mina špiler ( vocals ) matevž kolenc ( guitar , programming ) miha žargi ( bass ) matej nolda ( drums ) polona janežič ( keyboards ) .
54	like their previous work , this album contains many complex musical compositions , with tracks 8-14 on disc forming the 25-minute medley titled '' ashtamangala ( the 8 auspicious symbols ) '' track listing personnel band members paul adrian villarreal − vocals marcel coenen − lead guitar rene kroon − keyboards daniel kohn − bass roel van helden − drums and percussion production intro by daniel kohn .
39	australian crawl ( often called aussie crawl or the crawl by fans ) were an australia rock band founded by james reyne ( lead vocal / piano ) , brad robinson ( rhythm guitar ) , paul williams ( bass ) , simon binks ( lead guitar ) and david reyne ( drum ) in 1978 .
16	line-up john henry -- vocals kris norris -- guitar mike schleibaum -- guitar paul burnette -- bass ryan parrish -- drums trivia the song '' demon ( s ) '' can be heard in the episode '' escape from dragon house '' of hbo 's true blood .
13	scoring this cantata is written for soprano , alto , tenor , and bass soloists , four-part chorus , three trumpets , three oboe , oboe d'amore , oboe da caccia , two transverse flute , bassoon , two violins , viola , timpani , and continuo .
7	jack bruce joined the group to provide bass and vocals on its second album , turn it over , released in 1970 .
16	in the play and the series , george manghan , a middle aged , debt ridden bass player in a jazz band , falls in love with the wealthy and much younger blonde singer terry , much to the distress of her father .
30	rolling stones version mick jagger - lead vocals , tambourine keith richards - rhythm acoustic guitar , backing vocals brian jones - harpsichord , lead acoustic guitar bill wyman - bass it 's also on the 1972 compilation more hot rocks ( big hits & fazed cookies ) .
24	track listing personnel ; evans blue kevin matisyn - lead vocals parker lauzon - rhythm guitar vlad tanaskovic - lead guitar joe pitter - bass darryl brown - drums ; additional musicians stuart cameron - acoustic guitar on beg .
19	the best-known lineup of kyosuke himuro ( vocals ) , tomoyasu hotei ( guitar ) , tsunematsu matsui ( bass ) and makoto takahashi ( drums ) reached legendary status in japan during the 1980s .
31	big band rhythm in jazz big band , popular during the 30s and 40s , the guitarist is considered an integral part of the rhythm section ( guitar , drum and bass ) .
28	the work calls for solo tenor ( evangelist ) , solo baritone ( jesus ) , chorus and organ , as well as minor roles for five solo bass ( judas , high priest , peter , pilate , bystander ) , a solo treble ( maid ) , and a solo treble or alto ( maid ii ) .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir only in the chorale , two oboe , two violin , viola , violoncello piccolo and basso continuo .
15	ain anger ( born june 17 , 1971 in kuressaare ) is an estonian opera bass .
35	choral and vocal forces the choral and vocal forces consist of two satb choirs , a children 's choir , and eight soloists : three soprano , two alto , tenor , baritone , and bass .
3	tony levin -- bass on tracks 3 and 5 .
42	in 1990 , the band released their major-label debut on rca , simply called the silos ( more commonly known as the one with the bird on the cover ) , which also featured amy allison on vocals and j.d. foster on bass .
24	carrie was a british based rock music band , featuring the former levitation and some have fins singer/guitarist steve ludwin , ex - emf bass player zac foley , guitarist dennis dicker and australia drummer , bruce pawsey .
59	hon. sir joseph porter , kcb , first lord of the admiralty ( comic baritone ) captain corcoran , commander of h.m.s. pinafore ( lyric baritone ) ralph rackstraw , able seaman ( tenor ) dick deadeye , able seaman ( bass-baritone ) bill bobstay , boatswain 's mate ( baritone ) bob becket , carpenter 's mate ( bass ) josephine , the captain 's daughter ( soprano ) cousin hebe , sir joseph 's first cousin ( mezzo-soprano ) mrs. cripps ( little buttercup ) , a portsmouth bumboat woman ( contralto ) chorus of first lord 's sisters , his cousins , his aunts , sailors , marines , etc. synopsis act i the british warship h.m.s. pinafore is at anchor off portsmouth .
14	it is scored for a satb choir and organ , and features solos for bass and tenor .
19	members shane hicks - vocals , and guitar andrew walter - drums jed a. walters - keys , and bass joined mid 2010 past member - rick demarco - drums discography abused blues ep ( jan - 2006 ) sweet misery ( plus one records , p1-18 , 8 november 2008 ) in stereo ( plus one records , p1-32 , june 2011 ) the depths ( march 2013 ) critical reception 2013 bio : the depths is the third album by brisbane based australian band , the blackwater fever .
24	the band 's members were graham williams ( guitar , vocals ) , chris petty ( guitar , vocals ) , hywell maggs ( bass , vocals ) and jon jesson ( drums , vocals ) .
22	track listing source : allmusic personnel don anderson -- guitar john haughm -- vocals , guitar , drums jason william walton -- bass shane breyer -- keyboards ( anderson 's then-girlfriend performed the operatic vocals on '' she painted fire across the skyline '' and '' as embers dress the sky '' .
9	features dale crover on drums and dave grohl on bass .
17	personnel lou reed lead vocals , lead guitar john cale celesta , viola , piano sterling morrison bass maureen tucker percussion nico backing vocals cover versions '' sunday morning '' has been covered by various bands , including rusty , villagers , bettie serveert , beck , chris coco & nick cave , nina hagen , james , oh-ok , elizabeth cook , ny loose , the feelies , orchestral manoeuvres in the dark , the queers , strawberry switchblade , wally pleasant , and matthew sweet & susanna hoffs .
31	instrumentally , the album would also feature contributions from sugar hill drummer , keith leblanc ( also tackhead and on-u sound ) , doug wimbish ( also notable for having playing bass as part of the sugar hill backing band , for acts like grandmaster flash ) , and guitarist skip mcdonald ( also on-u sound ) .
17	members current dana robertson - guitars and vocals marco rocca - guitar and vocals jamie oldfield - bass tom '' t-bone '' antle - drums former dave ?
19	history formation the greencards were initially composed of two australians , kym warner on mandolin and carol young on bass , and an englishman , eamon mcloughlin on fiddle .
8	this was the only track credited solely to bass player phil small on any of the band 's albums apart from '' notion for you '' on the 1994 rarities album teenage love ( small co-wrote '' the game '' from twentieth century with walker ) .
11	performers hacia dos veranos ignacio aguiló : guitar diego martínez : bass julia bayse : flute , keyboards andrés edelstein : drums others musicians ignacio gabriel : farfisa keyboard on tracks maleficio , de los valles y volcanes and verano .
1	personnel bass -- munja mitić drums -- šeki gayton rhythm ) -- sejo sexon guitar ( solo ) -- mujo snažni lead vocals -- dr. nele karajlić organ , keyboards -- seid mali karajlić saxophone , flute -- ogi gajić rerelease the album was re-released in 1999 by nimfa sound label from sarajevo .
6	his replacement was alex baracco ( bass ) .
37	'' eso que llevas ahí '' , the lead single from the album , had several takes before the final one , becoming the only track on the album to be recorded live , with vadalá playing bass and pete thomas on drums .
15	ferruccio furlanetto ( born 16 may 1949 in sacile , italy ) is an italian bass .
25	'' the band includes judith casselberry on acoustic guitar and vocals , robert '' chicken '' burke on drum , fred cass , jr. on bass , adam widoff on electric guitar , and catherine russell on mandolin and vocals .
17	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for two vocal soloists ( soprano and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboe , two violin , viola , organ obbligato and basso continuo .
9	as he grew older he eventually switched to playing bass and then guitar .
18	the part the clavinet plays has to fit with the part the drums play and the line the bass plays and the line that the guitar plays .
16	trio : harry connick , jr. ( vocals , piano ) ; benjamin jonah wolfe ( bass ) ; shannon powell ( drums ) .
17	the original band members were lauri ylönen ( lead singer / songwriter ) , eero heinonen ( bass ) , pauli rantasalmi ( guitar ) and jarno lahti ( drums ) .
13	'' track listing performers chris mccaughan - guitar , vocals brendan kelly - bass , vocals neil hennessy - drums album information record label : fat wreck chords recorded , mixed and produced september-october 2001 at atlas studios in andersonville , chicago by matt allison paintings and sketches by josh marshall type design and layout by david holtz additional art and layout by the lawrence arms and kate mccaughan pseudonyms in the album 's liner notes , the band members identify themselves under the false names clarence darrow , lehigh acres , and weekawken hennessy .
36	the kbc band was formed in 1985 by former jefferson airplane ( later jefferson starship ) members paul kantner ( guitar and vocals ) , marty balin ( vocals and guitar ) and jack casady ( bass ) .
16	the band forms with olivia as lead vocalist , stella as lead guitarist , mo as bass guitarist , wen as keyboardist , and charlie as drummer , but they are unable to choose a band name .
19	side one side two personnel keith west - vocals steve howe - guitar john '' junior '' wood - bass john '' twink '' alder - percussion mark p. wirtz - keyboard production : mark p. wirtz with engineers : geoff emerick , peter bown \* 1976 harvest edition in 1976 , harvest records ( another emi label ) re-issued the album as part of its harvest heritage series , with catalogue number shsm-2010 .
51	history the band was formed in 1987 by andy maconald ( aka '' dr. technology '' , guitar ) , p6 ( aka '' fat bastard '' , '' wilberforce '' , real name phil eaglesham , vocals ) , with the line-up completed by mofungo diggs ( steven macdougall , bass ) and richie dempsey ( drums ) .
25	track listing personnel ed wynne -- guitar , synthesizer , samps seaweed ( christopher lenox-smith ) -- synthesizers john egan -- flute zia geelani -- bass johnny morgan -- drums rad ( conrad price ) -- drums callum wait - bongo drums trivia a pyramidion is the uppermost piece of an egyptian pyramid .
21	nathan harrell east ( born december 8 , 1955 , philadelphia , pennsylvania ) is a jazz , b and rock bass player and vocalist .
33	the third single , '' jump into the fire '' , was raucous , screaming rock and roll , including a drum solo by derek and the dominos ' jim gordon and a bass detuning by herbie flowers .
19	composition the piece is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto or contralto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two flute , piccolo , two oboe , two clarinet in b-flat , two bassoon , four horns , two trumpet in c , three trombone , tuba , strings , timpani , four percussionists , two harp , and pianoforte .
21	the band was started by ivar bowitz ( guitar and vocals ) , but now also consists of martin bowitz on bass , stian hansen on drums , torbjørn hafnor on guitar , catharina sletner ( on synthesizers and vocals ) , and martin smådal larsen on guitar .
17	personnel david bowie : piano , vocals , background vocals dennis davis : percussion george murray : bass sean mayes : piano simon house : mandolin adrian belew : mandolin tony visconti : mandolin , background vocals brian eno : ambient drone other releases it was released as a picture disc as a part of the fashions picture disc set .
2	yuhsuke -- bass , previously in punクレア , currently in brother .
51	its original lineup was furay ( vocals and rhythm guitar ) , messina ( lead guitar , vocals , producer ) , rusty young ( pedal steel guitar , banjo , dobro , guitar , mandolin and vocals ) , george grantham ( drums and vocals ) and randy meisner ( bass and vocals ) .
14	track listing personnel matthew fisher - church organ on repent walpurgis dave bronze - bass mark brzezicki - drums robin trower - guitar on repent walpurgis geoff whitehorn - guitar andy fairweather low - guitar gary brooker - piano , accordion and harpsichord and vocals keith reid - lyrics also tom jones - vocals on simple sister jerry hadley - vocals on grand hotel james galway - flute on ` pandora 's box ' regardless of all the above named musicians , the predominant sound on the album is the orchestra .
18	musicians peter gabriel -- vocals , cmi , piano , synthesizer manu katché -- drums tony levin -- bass david rhodes -- guitar daniel lanois -- guitar , tambourine wayne jackson -- trumpet mark rivera -- tenor saxophone don mikkelsen -- trombone p. p. arnold -- backing vocals coral gordon -- backing vocals dee lewis -- backing vocals chart performance weekly charts year-end charts covers and appearances in 1986 , '' weird al '' yankovic covered this song as the first song from his polka medley '' ! '' from the 1986 album of the same name .
10	people 's artist of the ussr ( 1974 ) ; bass soloist .
16	bassist doug peyton joined halifax in-between the two recording sessions , hence singer mike hunau played bass on the giordano-produced tracks .
44	on may 26 , 1882 , while on tour with a company organized by clara louise kellogg , the 19-year-old classical pianist herman rietzel , already a concert veteran and considered to be well-launched on a promising career , joined george conly , a bass singer with the company , for a pleasure outing on the lake .
25	track listing personnel hansi kürsch - vocals andré olbrich - guitar marcus siepen - guitar frederik ehmke - drums guest musician : oliver holzwarth - bass video the video for another stranger me was filmed by director ivan colic .
15	its members , the guitarist dino cazares , jello biafra , drummer pat hoed , bass guitarist billy gould and vocalist juan brujo , used pseudonyms as most were in other known bands .
17	a fill may be played by rock or pop instruments such as the electric lead guitar or bass , organ , or drums , or by other instruments such as strings or horns .
15	naoko sang lead and played guitar , nakatani was also a lead singer and played bass and keyboards , and atsuko sang backing vocals , played drums , and designed their stage outfits .
51	track listing line-up dave brockie ( oderus urungus ) - lead vocals dewey rowell ( flattus maximus ) - lead and rhythm guitar , backing vocals steve douglas ( balsac the jaws of death ) - lead and rhythm guitar , backing vocals michael bishop ( beefcake the mighty ) - bass , backing vocals rob mosby ( nippleus erectus ) - drums don drakulich ( techno destructo ) - lead vocals on '' techno 's song '' miscellaneous when the beginning of the song '' öllie north '' is played backwards , the actual beginning of the song happens to be a slurred rendition of a part of the bridge to careless whisper .
13	background born in mobile , alabama , arthur played guitar , keyboards , bass , and drums in numerous southern u.s. touring rock bands .
21	tyler dianocky ( guitar ) , dan davidson ( guitar ) , greg williamson ( drums ) and steve vincent ( bass ) first played together in a folk music band for paying shows before meeting matt landry ( vocals ) through mutual friends , after watching him perform solo .
37	disc one : stray cats disc two : girls singing night personnel ani difranco -- guitar , vocals ravi best -- trumpet shane endsley -- trumpet daren hahn -- drums todd horton -- trumpet jason mercer -- bass hans teuber -- clarinet , flute , saxophone , vocals , background vocals julie wolf -- keyboards , vocals production producer -- ani difranco engineering supervisor -- larry berger , andrew gilchrist engineer -- andrew gilchrist assistant engineer -- andrew gilchrist mixing -- ani difranco mastering -- greg calbi recording supervision -- larry berger art direction -- ani difranco design -- ani difranco illustrations -- ani difranco photography -- susan alzner , larry berger , scott fisher , eric frick , heidi kunkel , jason mercer , julie wolf .
19	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
27	this new group comprised money on keyboards and vocals , andy somers ( who later changed his surname to summers ) on guitar , pat donaldson on bass , and colin allen on drums .
20	a live version of the song was included in the making of tokyo paranesian video ; with added drums and bass sections ( played by hirasawa 's live band members wataru kamiryo and toshihiko '' bob '' takahashi ) ; unlike other songs in the video , hirasawa plays synthesizer instead of guitar ( although takanori '' taka '' yamaguchi , hirasawa 's live band keyboardist , continued to play keyboard ) ; in this version , a verse of the song is skipped and hirasawa made images in the projection screen with a flashlight , while space sounds were played ; nature footage is played in the projection screen during the early parts of the song , other footage played on the screen during the latter parts of the song includes fire , rotating circles and a mandala .
21	harry mcgilberry ( january 19 , 1950 april 3 , 2006 ) was an american b and soul singer and latter-day bass singer for the temptations between 1995 and 2003 .
17	personnel ; communic oddleif stensland -- lead vocals , lead guitar , rhythm guitar erik mortensen -- bass tor atle andersen -- drums ; additional musicians peter jensen -- keyboards ; production recorded , mixed , and mastered by jacob hansen at hansen studios , denmark .
17	track listing personnel jón þór birgisson -- vocals , guitar kjartan sveinsson -- keyboards georg hólm -- bass orri páll dýrason -- drums strings : amiina ( on tracks 2,3,4,5,8 and 9 , recorded in kjartan sveinsson 's livingroom and langholtskirkja ) hildur ársælsdóttir edda rún ólafsdóttir maria huld markan sigfúsdóttir sólrún sumarliðadóttir brass ( on tracks 2 , 4 and 11 ) performed by : e. friðfinnsson helgi hrafn jónsson i.g. erlendsson k. håkonarson samúel jón samúelsson s. sigurðarson s.j. bernharðsson tambourine , claps and other noises by siggi frendi , höddi gunni , john best , sunray and breeze .
11	retired usmc colonel entertainment bobby blotzer drummer for ratt juan croucier bass player for ratt and dokken .
20	as a founding member of the highly influential band orange 9mm , traynor developed a unique style of guitar and bass in the studio .
19	the band consists of rhiannon '' ritzy '' bryan ( lead vocals , guitar ) , rhydian dafydd ( bass , backing vocals ) , and matthew james thomas ( drums , percussion ) .
78	7 '' ( hc1 ) : 7 '' picture disc ( hcp1 ) : 12 '' ( hcx1 ) : so tired release date : 1983 uk chart : 94 7 '' ( hc2 ) : 7 '' mirror disc ( hcp2 ) : 12 '' ( hcx2 ) : too up two down release date : 1984 uk chart : - 7 '' ( hc3 ) : 12 '' ( hcx3 ) : personnel les nemes - bass .
27	in 1979 , after playing with the reversible cords on may day at raul 's , erickson recorded 15 new songs with producer stu cook , former bass player of creedence clearwater revival .
36	the band is composed of frank pino , jr. ( lead vocals ) , dave pino ( lead guitar and vocals ) , tony monaco ( rhythm guitar ) , david '' jones '' illsley ( bass and vocals ) and darryl grant ( drums and vocals ) .
17	demoniac were a heavy metal band from new zealand formed in wellington in 1993 by singer and bass player lindsay dawson , guitar sam totman and drummer steve francis .
14	the devin townsend band consisted of brian waddell on guitar , mike young on bass , ryan van poederooyen on drums , and dave young on keyboards .
15	track listing line up sven gross -- vocals mike hanus -- guitar tobias schick - bass stefan hanus -- guitar bastian herzog -- drums production produced by fleshcrawl recorded and mixed at studio fredman , gothenburg , sweden , 13 .
33	1981 version side one side two 1998 and 2005 version disc one disc two personnel gary numan vocals , producer billy currie keyboards cedric sharpley drum chris payne keyboards , viola paul gardiner bass rrussell bell guitar , percussion tim summerhayes engineer , remix phil thornalley assistant engineer john dent digitally master peter gilbert photographer robert ellis photographer charts original album # 47 ( uk albums chart ) living ornaments '79 and ' 80 box set # 2 ( uk albums chart ) the touring principle video in 1980 , an edited version of the 28 september 1979 concert was released on video under the title the touring principle ' 79 ; this has been cited as the world 's first music video cassette and '' special video effects '' of the time were added to the recording .
27	the group featured drummer bill bateman ( the blasters ) , dave lee bartel on guitar , paul size on lead guitar , johnny ray bartel on bass , and pianist gene taylor .
34	the band 's original members were charlie waller on guitar and lead vocals , john duffey on mandolin and tenor vocals , bill emerson on banjo and baritone vocals , and larry lahey on bass .
19	wilhelm troszel wilhelm troszel ( 26 august 1823 - 2 march 1887 ) was a polish composer and opera bass .
6	from 1940 to 1968 he was bass singer with the alexandrov ensemble ; promoted to soloist 1950 .
14	musicians chuck berry -- vocals , guitar lafayette leake -- piano willie dixon -- bass fred below -- drum legacy berry 's recording of the song was included on the voyager golden record , attached to the voyager spacecraft as representing rock and roll , one of four american songs included among many cultural achievements of humanity .
24	track listing all songs written by the suicide machines performers jason navarro - vocals dan lukacinsky - guitar , backing vocals royce nunley - bass , backing vocals derek grant - drums , hammond organ , clavinet , piano , backing vocals ( tracks 1-14 , 27 & 28 ) ryan vandeberghe - drums ( tracks 15-26 , 29 & 30 ) vinnie nobile - trombone ( tracks 1-8 ) larry klimas - tenor saxophone ( tracks 1-8 ) joe bishara - loops and programming ( tracks 15-20 ) bennett salvay - orchestral arrangements and organ ( tracks 15-20 album information record label : hollywood records all songs written by the suicide machines tracks 1-8 produced by julian raymond , phil kaffel , and the suicide machines .
4	patrick plays guitar , bass , keyboards in the studio , and occasionally plays drums live .
45	from the information provided in the liner notes of the original release slippery when ill it can be deduced that the performers on the first eight tracks of country tunes are dave quackenbush on vocals , jan nils ackermann on guitar , robbie allen on bass , and joe escalante on drums .
21	their 1973 debut album fool 's wisdom sported a stellar cast of session musician including john wetton of king crimson on bass , rod edwards and roger hand of edwards hand on keyboards and percussion , veteran drummer clem cattini , and guitarist mickey keen of hudson ford .
24	the scoring of the piece is balanced towards higher voices , with six soprano , two alto , seven tenor , and only one bass , as well as a trio of recorders .
21	members nifelheim live in 2006 hellbutcher ( per '' pelle '' gustavsson ) - vocals tyrant ( erik gustavsson ) - bass discography 1993 - unholy death ( demo ) 1994 - nifelheim 1997 - devil 's force 1997 - headbangers against disco vol .
10	this is the first excel recording with shaun ross on bass and greg saenz on drums , and also the only one that includes its homonym song .
25	scoring and structure the title is given by bach as : the cantata is structured in seven movements and is festively scored for tenor and bass soloists , a four-part choir , two horn , two recorder , two oboes da caccia , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
33	aston barrett ( born aston francis barrett , 22 november 1946 in kingston , jamaica ) , often called '' family man '' or '' fams '' for short , is a jamaican bass player and rastafarian .
6	use by rush limbaugh the opening bass riff from this song '' was something that tony butler used to play just as a warm-up , '' said steve churchyard , the engineer for the record .
14	members dave chandler - guitar , vocals ( saint vitus ) ron holzner - bass ( trouble , place of skulls , novembers doom ) jimmy bower - drum ( superjoint ritual , eyehategod , down ) discography albums debris inc. .
35	little village was an american / british rock band , formed in 1991 by ry cooder ( guitar , vocal ) , john hiatt ( guitar , piano , vocal ) , nick lowe ( bass , vocal ) and jim keltner ( drum ) .
44	to address this problem , mcguinn hired hillman 's cousin , kevin kelley ( formerly a member of the rising sons ) , as the band 's new drummer , and it was this three-piece line-up , with mcguinn on guitar and hillman on bass , that embarked on the early 1968 college tour .
24	( pentangle drummer terry cox added drums on the october 8 sessions ) personnel barry gibb - lead vocal , guitar maurice gibb - bass , piano , organ , guitar , backing vocal terry cox - drums chart performance cover versions in the early 1970s , spanish band los mustang did a cover version called '' aio , aio ( que se mueran los feos ) '' .
7	personnel paul mccartney -- lead vocal , bass , piano george harrison -- backing vocal , lead guitar john lennon -- backing vocal ringo starr -- drum , tambourine mal evans -- hammond organ macdonald commented that starr added an overdubbed hi-hat part in addition to the hi-hat part played in the basic rhythm track , and that evans 's organ part was a single a note held throughout the final verse and chorus .
25	title the title might come from the lines : personnel van morrison - vocals john tropea - guitar jef labes - piano joe macho - bass allan schwartzberg - drums other releases a live performance of this song is featured on the 1974 disc of morrison 's 2006 issued dvd , live at montreux 1980/1974 .
18	the voices are abbreviated s for soprano , a for alto , t for tenor , b for bass .
16	personal information date of birth : 16 july 1981 from : riihimäki , finland instrument : bass influences : dream theater , angra , mr. bungle , testament , faith no more , and cynic .
24	certified gold by the canadian recording industry association track listing personnel kim mitchell -- guitar and vocals gary mccracken -- drums dave myles -- bass pye dubois -- lyrics this album was released internationally on the mercury/polygram records label outside of canada .
11	current members tom galgano - keyboards , vocals john galgano - bass , guitar , vocals , keyboards paul bremner - guitars greg dimiceli - acoustic drums , percussion brian coralian - acoustic and electronic drums , percussion anmarie byrnes - vocals laura meade - vocals discography sliver of a sun .
65	; side one personnel per liner notes sonny boy williamson -- vocals , harmonica muddy waters -- guitar on '' do n't start me to talkin ' '' and '' all my love in vain '' jimmy rogers -- guitar on '' do n't start me to talkin ' '' and '' all my love in vain '' otis spann -- piano willie dixon -- bass fred below -- drum robert lockwood , jr . -- guitar luther tucker -- guitar lafayette leake -- piano on '' wake up baby '' and '' your funeral and my trial '' eugene pierson -- guitar on '' wake up baby '' and '' your funeral and my trial '' charts down and out blues peaked at # 20 on the uk albums chart .
27	bill bruford had assembled a band for his debut solo album , feels good to me , with dave stewart ( keyboard ) , jeff berlin ( bass ) , allan holdsworth ( guitar ) and bruford ( drums ) .
19	band members the trio forms a full band with the following recording arrangement : abelardo vázquez -- guitar , bass , piano , harmonica , accordion , ukulele , keyboard , vocals , percussion gustavo vázquez -- drums , percussion , guitar , banjo , harmonica angela vázquez -- lead vocals , piano , harmonica , guitar occasional members are featured in live shows .
4	the album contains no bass player .
21	since its inception , the band 's line-up has included founders : vocals / guitar graham boostrom , and vocals / bass ray delgado .
2	he played bass for a three-piece jazz combo for a few years , but he eventually got a spot playing rhythm guitar for otis rush .
9	while typical rock instruments , such as guitar , bass , and drums , are dominant , a variety of instruments and sounds are used .
6	it consists mainly of guitar , bass , keyboards and the use of various types of drum machine .
11	at the time , it featured heyn van de geyn on bass and dré pallemaerts on drums .
81	track listing thad jones ( deb 127 ) lp side a : lp side b : later cd re-issue bonus tracks : original 10 inch lp releases : the fabulous thad jones ( dlp 12 ) lp side a : lp side b : thad jones/charles mingus - jazz collaborations , vol . 1 ( dlp 17 ) lp side a : lp side b : all track times are from cd re-issue personnel thad jones -- trumpet charles mingus -- bass on the 1954 the fabulous thad jones tracks : frank wess -- tenor saxophone , flute hank jones -- piano kenny clarke -- drums on the 1955 thad jones / charles mingus jazz collaborations vol .
20	members scott andrew moffatt : lead vocals , guitars clinton thomas john '' clint '' moffatt : backing vocals , bass , percussion robert franklin peter '' bob '' moffatt : backing vocals , drums , congas david michael william '' dave '' moffatt : lead vocals , keyboards discography albums singles dvds ; notes a ^ '' just another phase '' was still climbing the rpm charts when the magazine ceased publication .
37	on album recordings , the band at times has guest performers who play other instruments or play other instruments themselves , including a bodhran , flute , hammer , bones , fiddle , violin , banjo , bass , accordion , drums , and trumpet .
10	track listing personnel john cafiero -- vocals jerry only -- bass dez cadena -- lead guitar ivan julian -- rhythm guitar marky ramone -- drum cover songs among the songs on the album are cover version of the title tracks from anime series astro boy and sailor moon , and the rossano brazzi film the christmas that almost was n't .
10	track listing personnel paul croan -- producer gavin clark -- bass , keyboards , programming kevan whitley -- guitar , keyboards , programming dan bartley -- album artwork trivia most of the song titles on the album are references/tributes to basketball , football , the simpsons , the american humourist maddox , and several movies , including seven , the matrix , and good morning , vietnam .
8	in 1987 he joined the ensemble as a bass soloist , and became people 's artist of the ussr .
11	'' current band members dani filth -- vocals daniel firth -- bass martin skaroupka -- drums lindsay schoolcraft -- keys and vocals richard shaw - guitar marek '' ashok '' šmerda -- guitar discography ; studio albums the principle of evil made flesh ( 1994 ) dusk ... and her embrace ( 1996 ) cruelty and the beast ( 1998 ) midian ( 2000 ) damnation and a day ( 2003 ) nymphetamine ( 2004 ) thornography ( 2006 ) godspeed on the devil 's thunder ( 2008 ) darkly , darkly , venus aversa ( 2010 ) the manticore and other horrors ( 2012 ) hammer of the witches ( 2015 ) mention in popular culture cradle of filth are mentioned in the song with goth on our side by the band half man half biscuit on the album trouble over bridgwater .
10	the band combined lehman 's use of funk with the bass , and pantella had blended drum loops along with his live drumming at shows .
26	bingham 's bandmates , the dead horses , are matthew smith ( drums ) , corby schaub ( guitar and mandolin ) and elijah ford ( bass ) .
10	personnel barry gibb - vocals , guitar maurice gibb - bass blue weaver - keyboards , synthesiser , piano dennis bryon - drums karl richardson - sound engineer nick blacona - engineer conway twitty version '' rest your love on me '' was recorded by conway twitty in 1980 for his album of the same name .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , two horn , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
21	members ; current members j.d. williams - vocals ( 1987-present ) kelly carmichael - guitar ( 1987-present ) adam heinzmann - bass ( 1987-present ) mike smail - drums ( 2004-present ) ; former members eric little - drums ( 1987-2000 ) ronnie kalimon - drums ( 2000-2004 ) discography albums standing on the sun - 1992 unearthed - 2000 matricide - 2004 voyage - 2012 singles '' window to hell '' split 7 '' with - 2000 compilation tracks '' nothing but misery '' and '' internal void '' on what the hell !
34	cast the lineup of the grateful dead at the time of the grateful dead movie was : jerry garcia on guitar and vocals , bob weir on guitar and vocals , phil lesh on bass , bill kreutzmann on drums , keith godchaux on keyboards , and donna godchaux on vocals .
12	one of the multi-instrumentalists in the band , pierson played guitar , bass and various keyboard instruments .
57	dvd track listing classic songs the millennium bell songs special features '' art in heaven '' -- oldfield 's 13-minute solo '' the making of ... '' -- documentary interview with mike oldfield personnel mike oldfield -- guitar robyn smith -- conductor adrian thomas -- keyboards , guitars claire nicolson -- keyboards , guitar carrie melbourne -- bass , chapman stick fergus gerrand -- drum , percussions jody linscott -- percussions pepsi demacque -- vocals miriam stockley -- vocals nicola emmanuelle -- vocals david serame -- vocals also symphony orchestra state academic capella , saint petersburg the glinka state choir , saint petersburg production gert hof -- director egon banghard -- producer achim perleberg -- producer sight & sound version on 30 june 2008 warner re-released the concert in a cd and dvd double pack as a part of their sight & sound , classic performance live range .
29	track listing 2-track single maxi single 12 '' picture disc chart performance credits and personnel additional production by justin spier and mat jackson all instrument by matt prime additional bass : guy pratt recorded at stanley house in 2006 credits adapted from the liner notes of trip the light fantastic , interscope records .
7	in the second section , drums , bass , and guitar enter , and the music becomes more consonant , resolving to the key of a minor through the use of d and a suspended second chords , as david gilmour sings a refrain of '' ooh , babe '' .
32	formation and sons ltd the original incarnation of the novellos first met at newcastle under lyme school , the line-up saw mike thomas on guitar and vocal duties , adam steele on bass , richard dodd on guitar and keys and daniel ellwood on drums .
35	; current members sharon den adel -- lead vocals ( 1996 -- present ) robert westerholt -- rhythm guitar , grunts ( 1996 -- present , studio only since 2011 ) jeroen van veen -- bass ( 1996 -- present ) ruud jolie -- lead guitar , rhythm guitar ( 2001 -- present ) martijn spierenburg -- keyboards ( 2001 -- present ) mike coolen -- drums ( 2011 -- present ) stefan helleblad -- rhythm guitar , lead guitar ( 2011 -- present ) within temptation longest line-up , from left to right : van haestregt , van veen , jolie , den adel , spierenburg , westerholt .
36	personnel neither d'arcy wretzky nor her replacement melissa auf der maur were present at the recording , leaving only three of the four core members active in the band at the beginning and end , so bass duties were handled by billy corgan as can be seen in the aforementioned '' studio '' video .
93	track listing digital download credits and personnel ; recording recorded at superspy studios , los angeles , california ; resonate studios in burbank , california ; the jungle room , glendale , california ; and safe house studios , greensboro , north carolina ; personnel songwriting -- isaac haason , lindy robbins , mher filian production -- superspy lead vocals -- demi lovato , lindy robbins programming -- isaac hasson , mher filian engineering -- superspy , simon sampath-kumar , dorian crozier , jason coons mixing -- chris lord-alge drums -- dorian crozier bass -- kenny johnson guitars and synths -- isaac hasson keys -- mher filian credits are adapted from the here we go again liner notes .
22	personnel george harrison -- vocals , dobro , backing vocals gary wright -- electric piano nicky hopkins -- piano klaus voormann -- bass jim keltner -- drums notes citations sources dale c. allison jr. , the love there that 's sleeping : the art and spirituality of george harrison , continuum ( new york , ny , 2006 ; isbn 978-0-8264-1917-0 ) .
19	members dan curcio - acoustic guitar , vocals chris arntzen - guitar nick bilich - guitar paul smith-stewart - bass john vucinich - drums t bone - harmonica sound still time draws from many different genres such as funk , reggae , folk , and others .
44	history formation and early history ( 2000 -- 2003 ) in 2000 long-time band mates michael eriksen ( vocals ) and brothers mats ( guitar ) and truls haugen ( drums ) were joined by keyboard player espen storø and glen cato møllen on bass to form circus maximus .
33	the session was produced by the chess brothers -- leonard and phil -- and backing chuck berry was johnnie johnson on piano , l. c. davis on tenor saxophone , willie dixon on bass , and fred below on drum .
53	types of operatic aria became known by a variety of terms according to their character -- e.g. aria parlante ( ` speaking-style ' , narrative in nature ) , aria di bravura ( typically given to a heroine ) , aria buffa ( aria of a comic type , typically given to a bass or bass-baritone ) , and so on .
25	'' - lindsey buckingham personnel lindsey buckingham - vocals , guitar , percussion , fairlight cmi , linndrum gordon fordyce - keyboards bryant simpson - bass other versions at concerts , notably on the dance , he did an acoustic fingerstyle version of go insane , which featured just him and a nylon-string guitar .
15	roles armanda , soprano alexandre , baritone oskar , tenor philomène , mezzo-soprano portrait , bass recording a recording of the work was issued by supraphon in 1994 , conducted by františek jílek .
10	paul mccartney sings the lead vocals and plays guitar and bass , denny laine plays guitar and sings backing vocals , and linda mccartney provides backing vocals as well .
3	george duvivier -- bass art taylor -- drums january 13 , 1955 , side a track 5 and side b tracks 1-5 .
6	she also plays several instruments including bass and vocals .
23	like most of donovan 's live performances , there is sparse instrumentation accompanying donovan 's vocals , including flute , acoustic guitar , bass .
15	the song is not written in standard verse-chorus form and its instrumentation includes guitar , bass and organ .
16	band current members clayton colwell - guitar jeb colwell - guitar , synth jennifer mccarron - bass john brodeur - drums national exposure the song '' soul so sweet '' off of their album same height relation was featured in the abc television series brothers and sisters .
18	the opera includes a dugazon trouser role for the valet , mazet , and maitre jean has a bass aria ( '' le grand art de la cuisine '' ) on the past glories of the kitchen that still turns up in recital occasionally .
5	from 1990 , he played bass with commitments star andrew strong for 4 years and then toured with the commitments band for a year , before getting a call from corrs manager john hughes in 1995 .
27	it consisted of steve albini ( formerly of big black ) on guitar and vocals , david wm . sims ( formerly of scratch acid ) on bass , and rey washam ( formerly of scratch acid and big boys ) on drums .
12	kelly co-founded kingfish in 1973 with new riders of the purple sage bass player dave torbert and fellow san francisco bay area musicians robbie hoddinott , chris herold , and mick ward .
31	masuda is perhaps best known as the composer of the 2002 hit anime series naruto where he combined traditional instruments like the shamisen and shakuhachi together with guitar , drums , bass , piano and other keyboard instruments along with chanting .
113	'' credits and personnel ; recording and mixing recorded at jungle city studios , new york city ; doppler studios , atlanta , georgia ; glenwood place studios , burbank , california ; instrument zoo , miami , florida ; mixed at larrabee sound studio , universal city , california ; personnel songwriting -- rico love , salaam remi , terry lewis , usher raymond iv production -- salaam remi co-producer -- rico love mixing -- manny marroquin mixing assistants -- chris galland , delbert bowers recording -- gleyder '' gee '' disla , mark '' exit '' goodchild recording assistants -- alex fremin , jacob dennis , max unruh , ramon rivas bass , keyboards , guitar , drums -- salaam remi saxophone -- vincent henry strings -- czech film orchestra credits adapted from the liner notes of looking 4 myself , rca records .
30	the track starts with 24 seconds of heavily effected guitar , drums and '' bizarre sound effects '' before the first verse begins , rising in volume as a looping bass line joins the mix and gruff rhys speaks the lines '' this song is daunted by a radical new vision , no more imperial colonial bastards , no more romantic comedies , this is a fanfare introduction to a high-powered , purposeful theme .
16	'' current band members beebs - vocals and kazoo jeremy lovelady - guitar levon white - bass paul brisske - drums bunky garrabrant - trumpet eric ` e-money ' christian - saxophone and flute discography albums würst album ever ( 2014 ) no sleep tonight !
34	since its inception , the band has comprised singers jānis šipkēvics , andris sējāns ( both countertenor ) , juris lisenko ( tenor ) , jānis ozols ( baritone ) , jānis strazdiņš ( bass ) and reinis sējāns ( rhythm ) .
17	is a japan pop rock band consisting of two members : on vocals and on guitar and bass .
12	the recording featured the moonglows on backing vocals , willie dixon on bass , jody williams on guitar , along with bo diddley , clifton james on drums , jerome green playing the maraca , and little willie smith on harmonica .
13	'' track listing personnel dave burrell -- piano david murray -- clarinet ( bass ) , saxophone ( tenor ) production : glenn barratt -- engineer samuel charters -- producer , liner notes , photography reception allmusic says that burrell and murray are '' overtly experimental ... that does n't play to the strengths of these musicians .
27	track listing personnel ray charles keyboards , vocals marcus belgrave trumpet john hunt trumpet david newman tenor saxophone , alto saxophone hank crawford baritone saxophone edgar willis bass teagle fleming drums marjorie hendricks vocals the raelets vocal group the track '' yes , indeed '' was recorded live at the newport jazz festival on july 5 , 1958 , with lee harper replacing john hunt on trumpet and richie goldberg replacing teagle fleming on drums .
10	harmonica frances mckee -- vocals , guitars james seenan -- bass charlie kelly -- drums additional personnel aggi wright -- keyboards on '' son of a gun '' david keegan -- lead guitar on '' dying for it '' sophie pragnell -- viola on '' jesus does n't want me for a sunbeam '' , '' dying for it '' and '' oliver twisted '' jamie watson -- slide guitar on '' bitch , '' '' the day i was a horse , '' and '' dying for it ( the blues ) '' stephen pastel - production , additional guitar .
8	personnel damon delapaz -- drums adam lewis -- bass chris lewis -- guitar will salazar -- vocals , guitar trivia the title of this album as well as the symbol on the cover are references to the metal band slayer and the pop artist prince .
67	track listing personnel rhapsody fabio lione -- vocals luca turilli -- guitar alex staropoli -- keyboards additional personnel herby langhams , ciniza rizzo , robert hunecke-rizzo , oliver hartmann , miro -- choir miro -- production bridget fogle , previn moore -- church choir bridget fogle -- female baroque voice manuel staropoli -- baroque recorders dana lurie -- lead violin jay lansford -- narration sascha paeth -- bass , production thunderforce -- drums alex holzwarth appears in the photoshoot but did not record on this album .
5	jason viebrooks jason viebrooks played bass on the first two albums before his departure .
26	personnel the musicians who performed on the original recording were as follows : john lennon -- vocals , guitar ringo starr -- drums klaus voormann -- bass popular culture the song was covered by the red hot chili peppers on .
26	his primary instrument is the saxophone , but he plays a number of other instruments including flute , keyboards , guitar , drums , percussion , bass and other assorted woodwinds .
18	on 6 march 2010 , the group entered the voice festival uk for the second time , where bass iain glen won the ` outstanding arrangement ' for his arrangement of sara bareilles ' '' gravity '' .
24	the album features longstreth on guitar and vocals , amber coffman on vocals and guitar , brian mcomber on drums , nat baldwin on bass , and susanna waiche on vocals .
24	the 2004 album get down with it : the okeh sessions includes a booklet that also credits the following musicians : eddie fletcher -- bass , glen willings -- guitar .
6	track listing personnel phil lesh -- bass , vocals warren haynes -- guitar , vocals jimmy herring -- guitar john molo -- drums and percussion rob barraco -- keyboards , vocals michael kang -- violin on '' rock-n-roll blues '' limited edition there and back again was released in two different versions , the regular album , and a limited edition album .
26	vocalist adam glynn came from melbourne band frankenbok , marc whitworth had played drums for gold coast band tension and cameron macdonald and mark holain played bass and guitar in extra virgin .
17	it is also used for the lowest notes of the horn , and for the baritone and bass voices .
9	she is an irish music lover and a great bass player .
10	personnel phil ehart - percussion , drums dave hope - bass kerry livgren - guitar , keyboard robby steinhardt - violin , backing vocals , lead vocals on '' bringing it back '' and '' down the road .
91	discography full lengths the seven seas ( 2009 ) elephant stone ( 2013 ) the three poisons ( 2014 ) eps and singles the glass box ep 12 '' ( 2010 ) love the sinner , hate the sin b/w strangers 7 '' ( 2012 ) other appearances '' christmas time ( is here again ) '' ( beatles cover ) on psych-out christmas ( 2013 ) '' l.a. woman '' on a psych tribute to the doors ( 2014 ) personnel main band members rishi dhir -- lead vocals , bass , sitar jean-gabriel lambert -- guitar , backing vocals miles dupire -- drums , backing vocals stephen '' le venk '' venkatarangam -- farfisa , synth , backing vocals guest/studio musicians shawn mativetsky -- tabla pt .
15	sir john rowland tomlinson , cbe ( born 22 september 1946 ) is an english bass .
16	a short time later , after mother vulpine broke up , matt recruited tom dunford on bass and steve wilson on drums to complete the line up .
17	one of the possible solutions was kostis pirenis , a guitar player who could also play the bass but when they met to rehearse , the three members realized that kostis pirenis was a very skilled guitar player , so he developed into the band 's lead guitarist .
27	martin was persuaded by harvey and then further developed '' clocks '' while other band members supplemented their ideas based on the main piano track , adding bass and drums .
9	he is known for his ability to sing from bass to soprano , as his vocal cords are three times the length of an average person 's .
27	history formation based in austin , texas the band members were randy '' biscuit '' turner on vocals , tim kerr on guitar and chris gates on bass .
24	track listing personnel andrew huffstetler -- lead vocals , trombone , floor tom mark hughes ( credited as '' badnwz hughes '' ) -- bass , backing vocals mike rudnicki ( credited as '' robonicki '' ) -- guitar , backing vocals steven barnett -- drums , room evacuator ( re1 ) , and misc .
32	track listing tracks 11-13 are japanese bonus tracks personnel keith buckley -- vocals jordan buckley -- guitar andrew williams -- guitar michael '' ratboy '' novak jr. -- drums stephen micciche -- bass chart positions album - billboard ( north america ) songs romeo a go-go '' romeo a go-go '' is the lead track of this album .
17	track listing personnel bo summer - vocals tore mogensen guitar lasse bak - guitar ronnie bak - bass rolf hansen - drums all lyrics written by bo summer , except \* ( wake up dead ) , written by ( bo ) summer / ( dave ) mustaine all music written by illdisposed trivia the recording of the album can be witnessed on the 1997 documentary '' headbeng i hovedlandet '' the album title is said to be taken from shakespear 's '' hamlet '' .
16	track listing personnel the speaking canaries : damon che - guitar , vocals , drums , bass , percussion , glockenspiel , recording engineer noah leger - drums on half ( lower in the mix will be a sure indication .
26	raising the roof ( wcs 050 ) ; released in 2010 on whaling city sound ; featured zé eduardo nazario on drums , john lockwood on bass , and koichi sato on keyboards .
18	personnel ; billy talent ben kowalewicz - lead vocals ian d'sa - guitar , vocals jon gallant - bass , backing vocals aaron solowoniuk - drums ; artwork liz barrett - art producer kim kinakin & henry fong - artwork kim kinakin - package design henry fong - cover illustration ian d'sa - art direction dustin rabin - photography ; additional musicians gavin brown - tambourine ; production gavin brown - producer ian d'sa - producer eric ratz - engineer steve blair & mary gormley - a & r chris lord-alge - mixing kenny luong - digital editing chart positions year-end certifications the worldwide sales estimation is 1,200,000 units .
22	track listing credits andrè kvebek -- vocal , guitar john espen sagstad -- guitar mads guldbekkhei -- drums tor risdal stavenes -- bass live julianne kostøl -- cello additional guest vocals on '' ascending '' by jonas renkse of katatonia .
16	the members of the band were matt harrop on vocals and guitar , luke hutching on bass , phil smiley on drum , and pip brown on lead guitar and background vocals .
6	his brief stint with the eccentric bass player made a deep impression .
8	brief history the band was founded by the bass guitarist milan hlavsa and the poet pavel zajíček in the early '70s in prague , czechoslovakia , now the czech republic .
17	the signature sound of krautrock mixed rock music and '' rock band '' instrumentation ( guitar , bass , drum ) with electronic instrumentation and textures , often with what would now be described as an ambient music sensibility .
17	this was the last song recorded for the album , and features inxs drum jon farriss , bass chris bailey and rick brewster from the angels .
30	the choir today the choir comprises 18 boy choristers ( 3 of whom are probationers or training choristers ) and 12 professional lay clerk , singing countertenor , tenor and bass .
18	prior to the jesus and mary chain , he worked as a roadie for altered images and played bass in the wake .
22	movements of the complete ballet the ballet is scored for 3 solo singers ( 1 soprano , 1 tenor , and 1 bass ) , 2 flutes ( 2nd doubling piccolo ) , 2 oboe , 2 bassoon , 2 horns in f , 1 trumpet in c , 1 trombone , a concertino of strings ( 2 violin , 1 viola , 1 cello , 1 contrabass ) , and the ripieno ( 8 violins , 4 violas , 3 celli , and 3 contrabasses ) .
12	some of the international instruments used in this album are baglama , bass , bongo drum , clarinet , didgeridoo , drum , electric guitar , ethnic percussion , latin percussion , piano , spanish guitar and persian instruments like daf , kamancheh , oud , santur , setar , tonbak and ney .
10	even more importantly , he appeared with the famous russia bass feodor chaliapin in productions of faust at the royal opera house , covent garden , london , in july 1928 .
16	origin myths combines beatbox drums ( oral percussion ) with layers of guitar , mbira , bass , verse , and rhyme , which means that he is often described as a '' one man band '' .
12	composed of craig mercer on guitar and vocals , mike macdougall on bass , aaron collier on keyboards and effects , and nick wombolt on drums , the band has been most often described as rocktronica .
29	track listing bonus tracks personnel in flames anders fridén − vocals jesper strömblad − lead guitar , acoustic guitars & keyboards glenn ljungström − lead guitars johan larsson − bass & backing vocals björn gelotte − drums & lead guitars guest appearances fredrik nordström − keyboards oscar dronjak − vocal appearance on dead eternity fredrik johansson − lead guitar on december flower kasper dahlqvist − keyboards on wayfaerer production and composition produced by fredrik nordström and in flames .
11	andreas pruys ( born in kleve ) is a german classical bass singer .
24	nigel harrison ( born 24 april 1951 , stockport , cheshire , england ) is an english musician , and best known as the bass player of the rock band blondie .
37	this is the most common kind of written music used by professional session musician playing jazz or other forms of popular music and is intended primarily for the rhythm section ( usually containing piano , guitar , bass and drum ) .
5	john bennett was a professional bass , who sang as a lay clerk in the choirs of king's , st john 's and trinity colleges .
18	track listing personnel c.t. ( vocals ) gravy ( guitar ) chuck schaaf ( guitar ) reid ( bass ) jeff morgan ( drums ) b. ( moog , vocals , samples ) .
10	their version strips the musical arrangement down to guitar , bass , and drums , and uses a slightly faster tempo , yet maintains the song 's melodic structure .
17	scoring and structure the work is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two flute , two oboe , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
17	the band consisted of jeremy stanley on vocals , brian christensen on guitar , tom collins on bass and joshua zirbel on drums .
15	personnel the distillers brody dalle - vocals , guitar kim '' chi '' fuellman - bass , vocals rose casper - guitar matt young - drums additional personnel ronnie king - piano on '' ask the angels '' additional notes sometime after the final track , '' the blackest years '' , there is a hidden track .
21	in 1952 he formed his own group , the bellboys , with jack kane ( saxophone ) , frankie brent ( bass / guitar ) , russ conti ( piano ) , chick keeney ( drum ) , and jerry mayo ( trumpet ) .
35	after his return , he recorded as one member of the columbia male quartet , known after 1906 as the peerless quartet , who originally also included tenor henry burr and albert campbell , and bass tom daniels .
19	'' personnel warren zevon -- piano , vocals waddy wachtel -- guitar mick fleetwood -- drums john mcvie -- bass reception bbc radio 2 listeners rated it as having the best opening line in a song .
26	the new band consisted of pekka kokko performing vocals and guitar , antti kokko on lead guitar , pasi hiltula on keyboards , altti veteläinen on bass , and petri sankala on drums .
45	the original 1963 formation of six was founded in reggio emilia : augusto daolio ( vocals ) , beppe carletti ( keyboards ) , franco midili ( guitar ) , leonardo manfredini ( drum ) , gualtiero gelmini ( sax ) , antonio campari ( bass ) .
43	the musicians on the band 's second album , better luck ( 1981 ) , were : tito larriva ( lead vocals / guitar ) charlie quintana ( drums ) ( credited as '' chalo quintana '' ) guests : gustavo santaolalla ( bass / guitar / charango / backing vocals ) anibal kerpel ( keyboards ) steve berlin ( saxophone ) bruce fowler ( trombone ) steve fowler ( saxophone ) brian qualls ( piano ) tony marsico joined the band in late 1980 , and steven hufsteter began playing lead guitar with the group in 1984 .
25	scoring the work is scored for three vocal soloists in the roles narrator , tenor schlendrian ( literally : stick in the mud ) , bass lieschen , his daughter , soprano .
10	personnel george kooymans - guitar , vocals rinus gerritsen - bass , keyboards barry hay - flute , vocals cesar zuiderwijk - drums eelco gelling - guitar bertus borgers - saxophone robert jan stips - keyboard production producer : golden earring executive producer : fred haayen engineer : andy knight , john kriek , jan schuurman mixing : andy knight , john kriek arranger : golden earring string arrangements : robert jan stips art direction : george osaki concept : barry hay photography : paul gerritsma , graham hughes charts album - billboard ( north america ) trivia kill me ( ce soir ) was covered by iron maiden as a b side on their 1990 single '' holy smoke '' on the dutch pressing , mca-2139 , that was marketed in europe , the side 2 label has the song lists double printed .
29	the band originally consisted of 13 members : skip prokop : drums and vocals paul hoffert : keyboards and vibraphone ralph cole : guitar and vocals grant fullerton : bass and vocals vic '' pinky '' dauvin : percussion and lead vocals ian guenther : violin don dinovo : violin and viola don whitton : cello leslie schneider : cello freddy stone : trumpet and flugelhorn arnie chycoski : trumpet and flugelhorn howard shore : alto saxophone russ little : trombone one of the first lighthouse concerts was at carnegie hall and in its first year , the band also played at fillmore east , fillmore west , toronto , boston , the atlantic city pop festival , and the monterey and newport jazz festivals .
18	tracklisting personnel joan wasser -- vocals , guitar , strings , clavinet , electric piano tyler wood -- bass , electric organ , trumpet , piano , synthesizer , percussion , backing vocals parker kindred -- drums , percussion , backing vocals doug wieselman -- baritone saxophone and tenor saxophone oren bloedow -- guitar briggan krauss -- baritone saxophone , alto saxophone steven bernstein -- trumpet and french horn joseph arthur , nathan larson , michelle zayla , stephanie mckay , toshi reagon -- backing vocals reggie watts -- outro on ` holy city ' , human beatbox on ` the classic ' .
36	negrini made his singing debut at age 15 , as dr. malatesta in a production of don pasquale mounted by a small company known as l'opera comique , a group begun by his father , the bass luciano negrini , and his mother , the mezzo-soprano clare mary young .
16	bach scored the work for five vocal parts ( two soprano , alto , tenor and bass , ssatb ) .
7	one day david invited him to play bass for opeth and åkerfeldt accepted the offer .
10	credits elizabeth fraser -- vocals robin guthrie -- guitar , bass , drum machine ; additional personnel jon turner -- engineer 23 envelope -- artwork , art direction , design '' ally '' is thanked for saxophone on '' five ten fiftyfold '' .
11	vocal casting included 2 soprano , 2 tenor , countertenor , bass and boy 's choir .
31	personnel john vinci -- vocals richie cerniglia as '' richie c '' -- guitar mike maniscalco as '' mike coxton '' -- keyboard howie blume as '' howard davidson '' -- bass butch poveromo as '' jean paul gaspar '' -- percussion mike ricciardella -- drums george bitzer -- keyboard , synthesizer cover versions frankie valli recorded this song as a follow up to '' grease '' also written by barry .
17	personnel barry gibb - lead vocals , guitar robin gibb - vocals maurice gibb - vocals , bass blue weaver - keyboards , synthesiser , piano dennis bryon - drums joe lala - percussion cover versions also the song was recorded by the rare earth and originally written by the bee gees for it .
4	sarah hall borrowed a bass from paul simonon of the clash , and they invited greg van cook , who was in the process of breaking away from the electric chairs , to play guitar .
24	in addition to several minor roles , the opera requires a boys ' choir and a '' choir of judges '' who all sing bass .
17	jeff scott soto -- vocals robert säll - guitar and keyboards erik mårtensson - rhythm guitar , bass , keyboards , background vocals magnus henriksson - lead guitar robban bäck - drums one live - in stockholm one live - in stockholm is the first live cd & dvd released by w.e.t. on frontiers records and will be available in february 2014 .
17	morris '' b.b. '' dickerson ( born 3 august 1949 , torrance , california ) was the bass player for the 1970s latin -- funk group war , and before that the creators .
14	it features cameo appearances by saadiq , who appears at the beginning playing the bass , and cohen , who is shown at the end doing a mural of stone 's face ( reminiscent of her face on the cover of 2004 's mind body & soul ) .
36	members mark mccoy - vocals ( charles bronson , failures , arts , haxan , ancestors , veins , vmw , holy molar ) marcel wiebenga - drums ( oil , guidingline ) nate wilson - bass ( monster x , devoid of faith , jba , deathsquad , haxan , by the throat ) jeroen vrijhoef - guitar ( mainstrike ) .
14	on april 13 , 2009 , the band announced that aj drums and eric bass would be leaving the band in order to spend more time with their families and other responsibilities .
10	track listing personnel joshua bell , violin edgar meyer , bass sam bush , mandolin ; violin on '' death by triple fiddle '' mike marshall , guitar ; mandola on '' bt '' ; violin on '' death by triple fiddle '' in popular culture the track '' short trip home '' is heard in the richard proenneke documentary alone in the wilderness .
63	band members ; original lineup randy california - guitar , vocals ( 1967 -- 72 , 1974 -- 79 , 1982 -- 97 ) ed cassidy - drum ( 1967 -- 72 , 1974 -- 79 , 1982 -- 97 ) john locke - keyboard ( 1967 -- 72 , 1976 , 1982 -- 85 , 1988 -- 89 ) mark andes - bass ( 1967 -- 71 , 1974 , 1976 , 1982 -- 85 , 1988 -- 89 ) jay ferguson - vocals , percussion ( 1967 -- 71 , 1976 , 1982 -- 85 ) ; later members following sardonicus , many musicians passed through the group 's ranks .
20	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for four soloists -- soprano , alto , tenor and bass -- a four-part choir , two oboe , two violin , viola , viola da gamba and basso continuo .
18	it was made up of the following musicians : karol szymanowski ( vibes ) , andrzej kujawa ( bass ) , józef eljasz ( percussion ) .
8	personnel lauri ylönen -- vocals eero heinonen -- bass , backing vocals pauli rantasalmi -- guitar aki hakala -- drums track listing live at gampel open air music videos extras four video documentaries photos storyboards an interview making of the videos a hidden clip from the first studio shot of '' in the shadows '' see also dead letters , the band 's fifth studio album .
11	he has the voice of a typical basso cantante and sings bass and as well bass-baritone roles .
20	the band consists of mark baker ( vocals ) , paolo di liberto ( synths ) , gareth milburn ( bass , synths ) and lee smith ( guitar , backing vocals ) .
6	he learned to play guitar , bass and drums .
10	a few weeks after , the auditions , andy ( bass ) and fabio ( vocals ) joined .
13	personnel john lennon double-tracked vocal , rhythm guitar paul mccartney harmony vocal , bass george harrison harmony vocal , lead guitar ringo starr drums , tambourine , bells george martin piano ; personnel notes a macdonald was unsure if starr played bells .
12	prior to the name change the band consisted of zach mayberry on bass , jered mark annis on lead guitar , niki skistimas on drums , and ralf dietel on lead vocals .
24	the duo is supported live by a rotating cast of musicians adding classical and folk rock instrument ranging from cello , violin , upright bass , and horns to banjo , mandolin , accordion , and drums .
59	'' track listing ; side one ; side two personnel the doobie brothers tom johnston -- guitar , lead vocals on '' turn it loose '' and vocal on '' wheels of fortune '' patrick simmons -- guitar , vocals jeff '' skunk '' baxter -- guitar , steel guitar michael mcdonald -- keyboards , vocals tiran porter -- bass , vocals , lead vocal on '' for someone special '' john hartman -- drums keith knudsen -- drums , vocals johnston rejoined the band late in the sessions and thus does not appear on most of the album .
21	track listing credits ryan redman - vocals stuart steele - guitar , backing vocals joe ward - guitar james steele - bass chris steele - drums mark williams - production critical response the album received a '' kkkk '' ( equivalent to 4/5 ) rating in kerrang! magazine .
37	the band creates '' concise , melodic , rhythmic , emotional pop rock '' and is made up of matt o'dowd on vocals and keyboard , dan larkin on guitar and vocals , and kevin mckenzie on bass .
16	he also traveled with conductor alexander peloquin and the boston college chorale , singing as a bass , baritone , and tenor .
12	the other two members of the original line-up were mišo hrnjak ( bass ) and boris leiner ( drum ) .
12	in 1959 , giuffre led a trio featuring guitar jim hall and bass buddy clark on a concert in rome , italy , sharing the bill with gerry mulligan 's band .
25	as ancient greek theater recitations were partly melodic , the role of the tritagonist would typically go to a performer with a voice in the bass range ( as compared to the protagonist as tenor and the deuteragonist as baritone ) .
3	lucas haley ( bass , vocals ) portrays mr. filibuster , a crewman who formerly sailed with the royal navy .
10	cavallo plays multiple instruments and has professional credits for his bass , keyboard , organ , piano , guitar and percussion work .
19	he graduated from eldad high school in netanya and began to play the piano , guitar , drums and bass .
13	the following track , '' enjoy '' , is composed by piano and bass .
21	two of schikaneder 's blood relatives were also his professional associates : urban schikaneder ( 1746 -- 1818 ) , a bass , was emanuel 's older brother .
12	personnel martin '' sugar '' merchant ( vocals ) sean mccann ( bass ) robin file ( guitar ) robert '' maxi '' maxfield ( drum ) career the members sung or ` toasted ' vocals on their music .
14	track listing personnel keith morris - vocals greg hetson - guitar zander schloss - bass keith clark - drums karat faye - producer , engineer eddy schreyer - mastering edward j. repka - design mark weinberg - art direction gary leonard - photography miscellanea track 9 , '' fortunate son '' , is a creedence clearwater revival cover .