20	non-bank financial companies ( nbfcs ) are financial institution that provide banking services without meeting the legal definition of a bank , i.e. one that does not hold a banking license .
22	since there were many types of confederate notes as well as notes issued by the states of the confederacy , and since bank could issue their own notes , counterfeit was a major problem for the confederacy .
15	homeguard v kiwi packaging ( 1981 ) 2 nzlr 322 is often cited regarding the bank of cheque tendered as full settlement of disputed accounts .
36	coined in 2011 after the capital metropolitan transit authority started charging fares for disability fare card holders and senior citizens , it involves the act of going to a check cashing establishments , gas station , bank , grocery store or financial institution and converting paper money into rolls of pennies .
9	the street is also home to a number of bank and building societies .
12	a financial district is the central area in some large cities where bank , insurance companies and other large corporation have head offices .
10	the building includes a police station , fire station , bank , and a local branch of the council for a beautiful israel that is planned to be an educational center for environmental studies .
15	banking privatbank , the core of the group , is one of the largest commercial bank of ukraine .
8	naeemul haque is a pakistani politician and a bank who serves as the chief of staff of imran khan and a founding member of pakistan tehreek-e-insaf .
14	the company serves varied industry sectors , including government/public sector , educational institutions , bank , multinational corporation and other commercial organizations .
45	at the junction , sr 109 curves north along the pacific ocean and passes ocean city , copalis beach , griffiths-priday state park , pacific beach and moclips before entering the quinault indian reservation and taholah to end at quinault street , located on the bank of the quinault river .
7	the road gradually turns east along the bank of the columbia river , exiting east wenatchee into farmland and passing pangborn memorial airport , the busiest section of the entire route with a daily average of 35,000 vehicles in 2011 .
11	cirsium vulgare as a weed c. vulgare , growing on the bank of the murrumbidgee river in wagga wagga , australia spear thistle is designated an '' injurious weed '' under the uk weeds act 1959 , and a noxious weed in australia and in nine us states .
7	tarbell built his studio perched on the bank of the piscataqua river , ambling there each morning along gardens of peonies , iris and hollyhock .
7	the kimitsu works sits on the north bank of the koito river where it empties in tokyo bay .
16	the other wing of the museum is located at the empress place building on the north bank of the singapore river .
4	roaring creek has unstable bank in many places .
34	the day of the press conference , john walsh stated that at the river either the men threw her into the water , or chiang attempted to escape but slipped on the icy river bank and drowned .
0	bank ) is a kibbutz in northern israel .
18	the suffix over - in the street names derives from the german word ufer , meaning shore or bank .