10	additionally , the stage was set up to resemble the deck of a ship .
22	the belt consisted of two strake of armor , high , that covered the sides of the hull up to the main deck and extended below the normal waterline .
26	the main controls cabin : with a semicircular head on via della ghiacciaia , with porthole window on the inner side and the third floor the deck with a full-length windows , as a control tower for the rails .
2	the armored deck rested on the top of the waterline belt .
6	modern trawlers modern trawlers are usually deck vessels designed for robustness .
6	each room has its own private deck and fireplace .
17	these , however , were spigot - launched , placing considerable strain on the launching vessel 's deck , whereas mousetrap was rocket-propelled .
37	princes wharf also contains the largest apartment of new zealand , a luxury residence built for one of the wharf 's developers with 1,061 m ² of internal floor space and decks of 416 m ² of deck space .
10	the ship 's belt armor was thick , and the deck was thick .
10	this consisted of a full-length waterline armoured belt with armored deck above and below .
32	they were also adapted to the increasing maritime trade : from 200 tons capacity in the 15th century to 500 , they become impressive in the 16th century , having usually two deck , stern castles fore and aft , two to four masts with overlapping sails .
26	the saintoise ( ; antillean creole : sentwaz ) or canot saintois ( literally : dinghy from les saintes ) is a fishing boat without a deck , traditionally maneuverable with the sail or the ream .
6	the awning framework of all sunsetter deck and patio models mount directly onto the home using wall or soffit brackets and can be installed on every kind of siding .
35	underway again on 1 november 1918 bound for france , berwyn encountered much heavy weather along the way , shipping heavy seas over the after part of the ship that resulted in some of the deck cargo being jostled adrift by the action of the waves .
32	sleeping porch in the main house of the eleanor roosevelt national historic site the restored sleeping porch of heublein tower in talcott mountain state park , connecticut a sleeping porch is a deck or balcony that is screened and furnished for sleeping in the warmer months .
14	foot controlled trolling motors require a specialized mounting bracket that bolts horizontally to the deck .
21	description it is an , bronze statue of a fisherman dressed in oilskins standing braced at the wheel on the sloping deck of his ship .
18	the harvey armor belt of the gueydon - class cruisers extended from below the waterline to the main deck .
6	a flared hull typically has a deck area larger than its cross-sectional area at the waterline .
3	the enclosed walkway deck was constructed of laminated veneer lumber and steel bar trusses .
17	military career brinkmann joined the german navy as an enlisted member in 1976 , serving on the deck crew of ships in the 7th fast attack squadron ( 7 .
20	approximately 33 meters long and 7 wide , this yacht has been designed with two alternative versions for the main deck and can carry 20 people , crew included .
1	the deck armor inside the central citadel ranged from 1 to 1.5 inches in thickness .
15	modern military in modern amphibious warfare usage , a well dock , is a hangar-like deck located at the waterline in the stern of some amphibious warfare ship .
5	the khasan possessed an armored deck was 40 mm thickness amidships and 25 mm of protection at the fore and aft .
7	the barbettes were unarmored , but the deck was thick .
40	hms scott ( j79 ) was a ( officially , '' fleet minesweeping sloop '' ) of the british royal navy completed as an unarmed survey ship with an enlarged bridge and a large chart room abaft the extended forecastle deck .
2	her protective deck ranged from in thickness and the ship had a conning tower with walls thick .
1	the deck armor was to be thick and an additional steam engine would be necessary to rotate the turrets and run the ventilation fans .
8	the training vessel were equipped with an additional deck including the accommodation for the cadet , a class room and a maritime library .
4	description right elevation , deck plan , and hull section as depicted in brassey s naval annual of 1896 .
5	lower manhattan skyline from the deck of the ferry , 2010 in 1817 the richmond turnpike company began to run the first motorized ferry between new york and staten island , the steam-powered nautilus .
8	the underwater tubes were protected underneath the armor deck , forward of the forward 12-inch magazine .
12	dimensions of a hull the sheer is a measure of longitudinal main deck curvature , in naval architecture .
22	binnacle with iron correcting spheres at each side and clinometer below compass a binnacle is a waist-high case or stand on the deck of a ship , generally mounted in front of the helmsman , in which navigational instruments are placed for easy and quick reference as well as to protect the delicate instruments .
11	a cabin which protrudes above the level of a ship 's deck may be referred to as a '' deckhouse .
23	oakum is a preparation of tar fiber used in shipbuilding for caulking or packing the joints of timbers in wooden vessels and the deck planking of iron and steel ships , as well as cast iron pipe plumbing applications .
15	while carrier aircraft had previously lacked a bomb capable of penetrating a battleship 's thick deck armor , it was hoped that the recently developed armour-piercing bomb would be able to pierce at least the first layer of tirpitz s armor if they were dropped from an altitude of or higher .
22	while serving aboard the during the joint expedition against franklin , barton extinguished an ignited howitzer shell which had fallen onto the deck .
4	thomas jefferson has of deck working space .
14	the armor of her main gun turrets had a maximum thickness of and her deck ranged from in thickness .
24	the u-boat absorbed the full impact of at least two direct hits ; two depth charges straddled the submarine and two others struck her deck .
1	the deck armor was thick and the conning tower was protected by 6 to 10 inches of armor .
28	a traveller on a smaller craft ( such as the popular single-handed '' laser '' sailboat ) might simply be a line attached to two points on the deck , along which another block runs .
48	general specifications hull : steel hull , aluminum superstructure fuel : water : designer : espen oeino interior designer : marco zanini stylist : espen oeino features elevator serving all four decks leisure platform with jacuzzi a gym located centrally under the mast helipad on the upper aft deck servicing a helicopter painted in colors matching the yacht .
4	the ship 's armored deck was thick .
10	the casemates protecting the secondary armament were thick and the deck armor was in thickness .
14	kline , crawling through a small overhead hatch and worming his way along the deck under a hail of shells and machine-gun fire , opened a large hatch and assisted 42 men to safety .
33	hosted by paul lafrance , a contractor who owns cutting edge construction and design in pickering , ontario , each episode depicts lafrance and his team designing and building a unique and dramatic deck for a client .
14	on the evening of 14 april , in the wireless room on the boat deck , phillips was sending messages to cape race , newfoundland , working to clear a backlog of passengers ' personal messages that had accumulated when the wireless had broken down the day before .
1	the deck armor would have had a total thickness of .
7	this belt extended down from the lower deck .
11	during the voyage , from the wireless room on the boat deck , bride and phillips sent out passengers ' personal messages and received iceberg warnings from other ships .
5	the flat portion of the deck armor was thick and four inches thick where it sloped down to the bottom of the armor belt .
4	the greatest thickness of deck armor was .
11	it is used in the manufacture of outdoor furniture , boat deck , and other articles where weather resistance is desired .
14	as of february 2003 , governor r. m. mclane , her deckhouse gone but deck still visible , rested partially submerged on the harbor bottom next to the pier of the downtown sailing center on the grounds of the baltimore museum of industry at baltimore , maryland .
26	internally , the term was coined by then-wizkids communications director jason mical to describe the game where players assemble ships from hull , masts , and deck pieces punched out of from credit card - like plastic ( polystyrene ) .
33	at 19 : 43 , about 11 minutes after the initial radar contact , turner s lookouts made visual contact with what proved to be a german submarine running on the surface , deck awash , at about distance .
5	her upper side had a deck wide and a hatch with three glazed portholes in diameter and thick glass blocks .
7	fingal was cut down to her main deck and large wooden sponson were built out from the sides of her hull to support her casemate .
10	products the main product areas for kongsberg maritime are : deck systems includes complete seismic back-deck systems , seismic cable control , marine and offshore cranes and helideck monitoring .
9	her armor consisted of belt and bulkhead thick , deck armor thick , and her conning tower and gun turrets were thick .
24	in addition sliding glass doors are commonly used in some regions as doors between the interior rooms of a home and a courtyard , deck , balcony , patio , and a garden , backyard , barbecue or swimming pool area .
4	she has a helicopter deck served by a stores lift and is capable of conducting helicopter replenishment .
3	the ship 's deck was only 25 mm thick over the machinery spaces and thick over the magazines and avgas storage tanks .
3	komintern s armored deck and her casemates were thick .
23	construction and commissioning sand lance under construction at portsmouth naval shipyard at kittery , maine , with temporary safety railings rigged around her deck .
20	it is considered a sister series to decked out , and like decked out , stars paul lafrance and his deck building crew .
2	the armor deck was 1.5 inches thick on the flat and thick where it sloped down to meet the belt .
39	development of the quick-firing gun meant that an upper belt of armor was necessary and the weight required was gained by shortening the waterline armor belt , which left the ships ' ends protected only by the sloping armor deck .
1	the deck armor was thick and the conning tower was protected by six inches of armor .
0	deck - the top surface of the hull keeps water and weather out of the hull and allows the crew to operate the boat more easily .
14	the cylindrical turrets were protected by eight layers of wrought iron plates above the deck .
9	her armor consisted of belt and bulkhead thick , deck armor thick , and her conning tower had thick armor .
2	the upper deck was thick in two layers .
4	protection apollo s armored deck ranged from in thickness and her conning tower was thick .
27	they came in small versions as fishing canoes - anak bedar ( malay to english : child ) and were built as big as 90 feet over deck ( lod ) .
23	naval architecture inside of a cofferdam on a vessel a cofferdam may also refer to an insulating space between two watertight bulkhead or deck within a ship .
8	on a court design flat-bottomed , without a deck , are collected from boards .
4	as designed the high-tensile-steel deck ranged from in thickness .
37	this battleship would have had a length of and a beam , two quad / 55 turrets forward , three quad dual purpose ( dp ) turrets aft , a top speed , belt armor , and deck armor .
13	the armor of their gun turrets had a maximum thickness of and their deck ranged from in thickness .
18	making a fibreglass hull from a private or impulse association mould and adding plywood and/or fibreglass bulkheads and deck .
25	the voyage ' s station is themed as a 17th-century ship , with the basement being the cargo hold , the second level being the deck , and the ride operator 's controls being the '' captain 's quarters '' .