15	simple harmonic oscillator the simplest mechanical oscillating system is a mass attached to a linear spring subject to only weight and tension .
5	if we assume an idealized spring and idealized , kinetic frictional forces , proportional to the normal force and directed oppositely to the velocity , there is another example of discontinuous acceleration .
3	the damper and spring rates were also different from the ur-q .
26	this means that the blade does not lock but , once opened , is held in place by tension from a flat bar or leaf-type back spring that allows the blade to fold if a certain amount of pressure is applied .
5	example the motion of a spring satisfying hooke 's law is given by the semi-implicit euler for this equation is the iteration preserves the modified energy functional exactly , leading to stable periodic orbits ( for sufficiently small step size ) that deviate by from the exact orbits .
13	the united states army air forces experimented with downward-ejecting systems operated by a spring , but it was the work of sir james martin and his company martin-baker that was to prove crucial .
7	in a real spring–mass system , the spring has a non-negligible mass .
15	since that time other safety innovations have included features on track , section , and spring assemblies .
19	the gaussian network model ( gnm ) is a representation of a biological macromolecule as an elastic mass-and - spring network to study , understand , and characterize mechanical aspects of its long-scale dynamics .
11	the ring 's inertia energy increased when compressed , like a spring , and was also inversely proportional to its radius , and therefore proportional to its frequency ν .
16	the kimberley diamond cup is a skateboarding event held at the beginning of each southern hemisphere spring in kimberley , northern cape , south africa .
39	originally meant for wealthy customers or '' more seasoned jet-setters '' going on cruises ( e.g. north americans ) or vacationing in the warm mediterranean area ( e.g. europeans ) during the winter months , cruise collections offer light spring or summer clothing when the weather at the points of sale actually calls for winter apparel .
38	activities the yosemite hybrid shuttle , yosemite 's free shuttle bus system yosemite valley is open year-round , but much of the remaining park is closed in late autumn because of snow and re-opens in mid to late spring .
28	this trend continues through late autumn and winter , with a marked drop in precipitation beginning in april which coincides with a gradual rise in temperature into late spring and summer .
1	that spring on detelinara they signed : stojan pilipović , jovan ninković and zoran milovac , who wore its nations under 21 team 's kit .
12	kokopelli chases away winter and brings about the warmth and rain of spring with his flute playing .
1	in spring and summer , it migrates to spruce and infects recently emerged needle , coloring them in yellow .
9	in the northern hemisphere naw-rúz marks the coming of spring .
13	after seed ripens in early summer , plants go dormant till the next spring .
1	in spring there is a large covering of bluebells on the woodland floor .
21	cadiz springs state recreation area is a state park unit of wisconsin , united states , featuring two reservoir on a spring - fed creek .
16	the leechwell , showing its position in leechwell lane the leechwell is a set of three spring in totnes , devon , england .
20	the city also receives an average of 540,000 gallons ( 2 million liters ) per day of groundwater from a spring .
16	name the name močilnik is derived from the slovene common noun močilnik ' ( hidden ) spring ' , synonymous with the related word močilo , both derived from the slavic root \* mak - ` wet , damp ' .
42	at a cost of # 6,000 , it was an irregular oval shape with a 100 yards ( 91 metres ) straight section for racing ; a paved surround and changing rooms were built and the pool was fed by an underground spring .
7	it can also be found in some spring waters and hot springs .
34	white george on the coat of arms of georgia in the fully developed western version , which developed as part of the golden legend , a dragon or crocodile makes its nest at the spring that provides water for the city of '' silene '' ( perhaps modern cyrene in libya or the city of lydda in the holy land , depending on the source ) .
41	flora and fauna vegetation within the site ten main vegetation associations have been identified : mudflat , mangroves , dune systems , grassland , low woodland , sandstone range open woodland , riverine woodland , rainforest ( aquifer forest ) and spring vegetation , major rivers and lagoons ( permanent and ephemeral ) , and savanna woodland .
11	the park is renowned for its chalybeate ( iron bearing ) spring , which is now named st. ann 's well .
31	samuel de champlain gave the present name to the island , meaning in french '' high island '' , in 1604 when he observed the towering bluffs , timber and fresh-water spring .