5	business and branch network the bank takes deposits , which it principally lends in the form of mortgage loans for purchase or refinance of residential , and commercial properties , and for construction or renovation of commercial properties and residential housing developments .
15	the west african bankers ' association ( waba ; ) is a professional association of bank and financial services and institutions in west africa .
17	following defeat of the moderate party in the 1994 general election , borg worked in the private bank sector .
12	indymac , a contraction of independent national mortgage corporation was an american bank based in california that failed in 2008 and was seized by the united states federal deposit insurance corporation ( fdic ) .
8	the temple also served as an early depository bank , sometimes in defiance of the crown 's wishes to seize the funds of nobles who had entrusted their wealth there .
6	the village also has a slovakia bank and insurance branch .
9	the overnight rate is generally the rate that large bank use to borrow and lend from one another in the overnight market .
6	the term is commonly used by bank and building societies to represent the ratio of the first mortgage lien as a percentage of the total appraised value of real property .
19	geography on the edge of the danubian plain and stara planina , petrevene lies almost entirely on the left bank of panega river .
6	partnerships atom has tie-ups with major bank apart from credit card companies like visa inc . , mastercard and american express .
3	it will include bank , coffee and souvenir shops and two restaurant ( one of them with a revolving floor ) among other spaces destined to entertainment and telecommunications .
44	notable student projects in 2014 , a 4 member team from the department of computer science and engineering developed a platform independent , secure and optimised identity service under the uidai at fino paytech used to simplify and enhance security in various institutions like bank , hospitals , hotels and insurance companies .
1	the bank is located in asmara , the capital .
7	foreclosure stripping is also a problem for bank , as mortgages are unavailable on incomplete properties meaning that for resale to occur , a cash buyer is necessary .
14	he was assigned to the standing committee on agriculture and manufactures , and on bank and banking .
1	the bank is highly regarded internationally , and has received a number of awards , from organizations such as the banker , global finance , the asian banker and euromoney .
9	legislative career committee assignments as of 2012 : aging bank corporations , authorities , and commissions governmental employees ( ranking minority member ) transport she has made the rights of senior citizens a hallmark of her tenure and has successfully fought to keep senior centers in brooklyn and staten island from being closed .
32	hôtel de salm hôtel de salm interior court the palais de la légion d'honneur ( french for '' palace of the legion of honour '' ) is a building on the left bank of the river seine in paris .
12	expressnet is an interbank network connecting the atm networks of seven major bank in the philippines .
40	the old sonderho harbour and the navigational mark kaaver will soon be added to sonderho , see www.sonderhohavn.dk tourism is still the main basis for the existence of the village and because of that , its shops , restaurants , bank and library are able to stay open all year .
7	föreningsbanken was a rural and agriculturally-focused swedish bank , with branches all over sweden , which merged with sparbanken in 1997 to create föreningssparbanken .
23	eli landa , born 21 march 1984 in sandnes , norway , but now living in stavanger , is a norwegian model , bank employee and teacher student at the university of stavanger who was crowned frøken norge universe 2009 ( miss norway universe 2009 ) on 28 march 2009 .
18	kredobank office in simferopol pjsc '' kredobank '' ( ukrainian : пат '' кредобанк '' ) is the bank with the largest polish investment in banking institution in ukraine .
24	the first level of djim screening removes companies involved in such products alcohol , pork - related products , conventional financial services ( e.g. bank and insurance companies ) , entertainment ( e.g. hotel , casino , gambling etc. ) , tobacco , and weapon and defense .
17	more than 40,000 companies were registered in the cayman islands as of 2000 , including almost 600 bank and trust companies , with banking assets exceeding $ 500 billion .
37	, uba uganda 's total assets were valued at about us$ 50 million ( ugx : 122 billion ) , with shareholders ' equity of about us$ 17.1 million ( ngn : 2.72 billion ) history the bank commenced operations in may 2008 , starting with the opening of the main branch on jinja road , in kampala , uganda 's capital and largest city .
5	on the other hand , bank or lenders sell or open their assets in group for auction at a very low price compared to their market value .
12	mayer amschel rothschild returns from hanover , where he was an apprentice bank , to make his fortune in his home town .
4	koçbank was a turkish bank .
37	the tapiola center has a large selection of services : department store ( stockmann ) , book store ( akateeminen kirjakauppa ) , groceries ( k-supermarket , stockmann herkku ) , alko , a post office , bank ( nordea , sampo , actia , osuuspankki , ålandsbanken , handelsbanken , nooa säästöpankki and suurpohjan osuuspankki ) , photography stores , barber 's shops , and other small businesses .
12	fučkovci ( ) is a settlement on the terrace above the left bank of the kolpa river in the municipality of črnomelj in the white carniola area of southeastern slovenia , next to the border with croatia .
34	the day of the press conference , john walsh stated that at the river either the men threw her into the water , or chiang attempted to escape but slipped on the icy river bank and drowned .
19	organic matter can also enter the lotic system already in the fpom stage by wind , surface runoff , bank erosion , or groundwater .
11	tikitiki is a small town in waiapu valley on the north bank of the waiapu river in the gisborne region of the north island of new zealand .
21	right-bank ukraine ( ; ; ) is a historical name for a part of ukraine on the right ( west ) bank of the dnieper river , corresponding to the modern-day oblast of volyn , rivne , vinnytsia , zhytomyr , kirovohrad and kiev , as well as part of cherkasy and ternopil .
18	the suffix over - in the street names derives from the german word ufer , meaning shore or bank .
35	'' however , the quality of the waves changes seasonally and from year to year , as the sand and stones that make up the beach are chronically withdrawn by the sea to form a bank where the waves break .
7	tarbell built his studio perched on the bank of the piscataqua river , ambling there each morning along gardens of peonies , iris and hollyhock .
9	globoko ob dravinji is a village on the left bank of the dravinja river in the municipality of poljčane in northeastern slovenia .
23	left-bank ukraine left-bank ukraine ( ; ; ) is a historic name of the part of ukraine on the left ( east ) bank of the dnieper river , comprising the modern-day oblast of chernihiv , poltava and sumy as well as the eastern parts of kiev and cherkasy .
4	vrhpolje is on the bank of the drina river .
22	boat quay is a historical quay in singapore which is situated upstream from the mouth of the singapore river on its southern bank .
7	the kimitsu works sits on the north bank of the koito river where it empties in tokyo bay .
76	bridges there are several major bridges across the shing mun river : banyan bridge ( 翠榕橋 ) on fo tan road dragon bridge ( 錦龍橋 ) on sha tin road lion bridge ( 獅子橋 ) on lion rock tunnel road sandmartin bridge ( 沙燕橋 ) on sha tin rural committee road lek yuen bridge - a pedestrian bridge across the river channel pollution problem many buildings , including industrial and residential buildings , located at the bank of shing mun river .
80	since 1995 , it has been planned that the ndp would be held there for every five years , the main venue for that major event is at marina bay floating stadium ( formerly at the old national stadium ) history in june 1819 , modern founder of singapore , thomas stamford raffles instructed the first resident of singapore , william farquhar , to reserve the whole space within the old lines and the singapore river ( i.e. the northern bank ) for public purposes .
11	riparian plants , such as populus fremontii , flank the creek bank .
12	power station the polgolla barrage , as seen from the left - bank downriver .
12	during the black hills expedition , several wagons became stuck at a bank .
16	the other wing of the museum is located at the empress place building on the north bank of the singapore river .
18	wild orangutans near bukit lawang jungle near bukit lawang bukit lawang is a small tourist village at the bank of bahorok river in north sumatra province of indonesia .
8	at the time , it sat on the bank of the singapore river , close to a small islet called pulau saigon .
7	the road gradually turns east along the bank of the columbia river , exiting east wenatchee into farmland and passing pangborn memorial airport , the busiest section of the entire route with a daily average of 35,000 vehicles in 2011 .
27	in 1799 , however , berbice governor abraham jacob van imbijze van batenburg and suriname governor jurriaan françois de friderici signed an agreement in which the western bank of the courantyne river was demarcated as the boundary .
12	it can often be located in forest clearing or verges , on bank or lakeshore , and on gentle slopes .
20	anastomosing channels are multithreaded , but are much more stable than braided channels and commonly have thick clay and silt bank and occur at lower gradients of stream bed .
4	roaring creek has unstable bank in many places .
33	after a second partial cloverleaf interchange with thompson avenue , sr 410 goes under a railroad trestle owned by bnsf railway and used by amtrak 's cascades rail service , near the northern bank of the puyallup river .
34	avalon is a suburb of lower hutt in new zealand , formed as a private residential development in the 1970s on land formerly occupied by market - garden on the left ( eastern ) bank of the hutt river .
18	the house itself is a three - bay stone building , one-and-a-half stories tall , located on the bank of the licking river .
13	sungei serangoon , with rivervale neighborhood of sengkang new town on its west bank in the background .