32	in the next few years ofm consistently charted on the billboard charts with production , remixer , and writers credits with britney spears , justin timberlake , beyoncé , kelly rowland , seal , usher , blue cantrell , backstreet boys , birdman , alanis morissette , janet jackson , annie lennox , dolce , tina ann , fabolous , bone crusher , shakira , and jessica simpson .
23	in 2010 , the italian legendary singer , mina , recorded teitur 's song '' you get me '' as a duet with seal , which was the first single from her album '' caramella '' , which went top 3 in italy .
15	pearce auditioned for the 6th series of the x factor in 2009 , by singing seal 's '' kiss from a rose '' .
25	drayton 's other credits include work with herbie hancock , johnny cash , andrés calamaro , chaka khan , mariah carey , michelle branch , seal , iggy pop , neil young , janet jackson , courtney love , simon & garfunkel and many others .
13	the three songs mark had to perform were kiss from a rose by seal , billy joel 's tell her about it , and i can make you feel good by shalamar .
0	seal kiss from a rose run for number-one adult contemporary singles for 12th weeks these are the billboard adult contemporary chart number-one hits of 1995 .
9	'' love 's divine '' is a song by seal .
17	more recent artists to emerge from the london music scene include george michael , kate bush , seal , siouxsie and the banshees , bush , the spice girls , jamiroquai , blur , the prodigy , gorillaz , mumford & sons , coldplay , amy winehouse and adele .
0	seal performed '' weight of my mistakes '' , with cheryl burke , chelsie hightower , kym johnson , and lacey schwimmer dancing .
30	her and charlotte completed the task best and as a grand price they were invited to the '' night of the proms '' in rotterdam by heidi klum 's husband seal , whom they also got to meet backstage and who was very kind to the girls .
8	the island is a haven for seabirds and seal .
6	it is sometimes converted into imitation seal .
32	john patten , the master of an english merchant ship , and part of his crew lived on tristan from august 1790 to april 1791 , during which time they captured 3600 seal .
14	it is theorised that they benefit from the actions of diving predators such as seal and penguin which push prey up towards the surface while hunting , allowing the surface feeding storm petrels to reach them .
13	no other food resource receives as much emphasis as salmon ; however , seal and game are both close seconds .
18	mamegoma peeking out of a shopping bag after being rescued from a ufo catcher is a series of seal characters created by the japanese company san-x .
8	wildlife wildlife on the island includes otter , seal and heron .
5	it is often made from seal , or from whale , reindeer , or sea-birds .
13	the main sources of livelihood for the residents of this town are hunting seal , walrus , and whale , which is done as part of the municipal agricultural enterprise '' nanuk '' ( ) .
17	ex - tusk was commissioned into the republic of china navy as hai pao ( meaning '' seal '' ) , first with hull number ss-92 , then ss-794 , and finally ss-792 .
0	seal of the faculty of arts from the second half of the 17th century following the hussite wars , the faculty of liberal arts became the nucleus of the university for two centuries .
16	etymology the generic name is taken from the turkish word , '' tamga '' , meaning seal or cattle brand .
13	john de courcy , affreca , and the norman invasion of ireland the seal of richard de clare , 2nd earl of pembroke , a cambro-norman lord who led the 'norman ' invasion of ireland in the mid 12th century .
2	political influence seal of thomas de brantingham during the fourteenth century , and in particular during the reign of edward iii , several de brantinghams held great offices of the state , including ralph de brantingham , king 's chamberlain to edward iii from 1349 , and thomas de brantingham ( died 1394 ) , lord treasurer from 1369 to 1371 and bishop of exeter from 1370 until his death .
3	history first known seal of 1241 ( replica ) the oldest coat of arms of hamburg has been retained on a city seals int the 12th and 13th century .
36	this gallery of country coats of arms shows the national coat of arms , an emblem serving a similar purpose , or both ( such as greater and lesser coat of arms , national emblem or seal ) of each of the countries in the list of sovereign states .
5	aulay macaulay of ardincaple 's seal , in 1593 , is blazoned : a fess chequy and in chief a buckle .
7	domestic policy reverse of ivan iii 's seal from 1472 , after his marriage with sophia paleologue the character of the government of moscow under ivan iii changed essentially , taking on a new autocratic form .
2	svg the seal coats of arms of historic romanian regions and provinces transylvania region coat of arms of transylvania , under michel the brave in romanian culture , contrary to the hungarian one , the geographical region of transylvania is not identical to the principality of transylvania , which is called ardeal in romanian .
4	findings include a steatite seal with indus script probably used for trading goods , impressions of seals on a terracotta lump of burnt clay , chert blade , copper implements , terracotta bead and bangle and typical standardised pottery of the indus valley civilization .
23	however , the dyes in these cells also suffer from degradation under heat and uv light and the cell casing is difficult to seal due to the solvents used in assembly .
20	it is active in over 40 countries and describes its mission as the development of '' engineered polymer solutions that seal , damp and protect critical applications in demanding environments .
28	lid of a tic tac mint case a lid , also known as a cap , is part of a container , and serves as the cover or seal , usually one that completely closes the object .
13	airman applying caulk to baseboard caulking is one of several different processes to seal joints or seams in various structures and some types of piping .
12	applications one major engineering application is oil drilling components , such as seal , compressor rings , valve parts , gear , bearing , and wire coatings .
7	a rubber gasket makes for a tight seal against the wire .
13	generally speaking , standard ball joints will outlive sealed ones because eventually the seal will break , causing the joint to dry out and rust .
23	the 2006 delhi sealing drive was a campaign by the municipal corporation of delhi ( mcd ) to close ( and thus '' seal '' the locks of ) a number of illegal commercial establishments in delhi , india which are running in residential areas without authorization .
15	the engineers had developed a good background in the metallurgy of housing , high speed seal , radial inflow turbines , and centrifugal compressor .
18	he had been sealed near the great pyramids of giza until freed by the breaking of the combined seal in japan .