31	one u is defined as the amount of the enzyme that produces a certain amount of enzymatic activity , that is , the amount that catalyzes the conversion of 1 micro mole of substrate per minute .
23	he participated in the famous raid on zeebrugge led by commodore roger keyes , cmbs being used to lay smoke screens outside the mole to cover the escape of the crews of the blockships .
5	the synonymous bengal , a mole in the cincinnati bengals organization who calls in to provide anonymous rumors about the team using frequent malapropism .
17	the afr in mass units is employed in fuel oil fired furnaces , while volume ( or mole ) units are used for natural gas fired furnaces .
5	green or red salsa or mole is poured over the crisp tortilla triangles , called totopo .
17	mona takes advantage of thumbelina 's gratitude and tries to force her into marrying the old mr. mole .
12	hogan eventually turned zodiac against his stablemates by revealing him as a mole .
15	as an example , in microscopic physics , to describe a system consisting of a mole of carbon-12 atoms we need of the order of 10 23 ( avogadro 's number ) variables , while to describe it as a macroscopic system ( 12 grams of carbon-12 ) we only need a few .
11	in queen sacrifice , it was revealed that she is a mole reporting to those responsible for the blackout .
24	on 22/23 april 1918 , captain carpenter was in command of vindictive which was to land a force of 200 royal marines on the mole at zeebrugge at the start of the zeebrugge raid .
5	dunkerque was tied alongside the mole with her stern facing the sea , so she could not return fire .
8	red foxes seem to dislike the taste of mole , but will nonetheless catch them alive and present them to their kits as playthings .
16	on september 1 , 2006 a special operation named '' operação facção toupeira '' ( operation mole faction ) was started , leading the police to arrest 43 people suspect of involvement on the heist including one of the alleged masterminds , and recovering r$ 275,100 in cash .
14	the fur is waterproof , and the texture is akin to that of a mole .
34	madame xanadu retorts that she does n't need to see the future to know that the justice league will defeat him , to which he replies that he already won since he has a mole in the justice league .
4	as an ingredient in mole dishes , they are known in spanish as pipián .
9	unbeknownst to the prison authorities smith was actually a mole for the imprisoned ulster volunteer force ( uvf ) leader gusty spence , passing on information about the conditions in which the internees were being held .
28	baranov had been recruited by the u.s. central intelligence agency ( cia ) and agreed to spy for them , but was betrayed to the russians by a mole in either the federal bureau of investigation ( fbi ) or the cia and spent five years in prison before being released .
22	the other australians were assigned to the boiler rooms of the blockship , or as part of a storming party along the mole .
6	the feet can be seasoned with mole sauce .
27	'' jailhouse roc : a giant flying vulture who had been in jail since the late 1950s until released to work for a.c.r.o.s.t.i.c. digger o'doom : a mole who gains tremendous strength after eating one of rodney 's carrots .
20	it is one of the dishes most commonly served during taquizas ( taco parties ) , together with tinga , mole , chicharrón , and papas con chorizo .
19	penetration by the kgb these successes were marred , however , by the penetration of asio by a kgb mole in the 1970s .
19	molestache yuri lowenthal - ben 10 : omniverse ( in '' outbreak '' ) molestache ( a play on mole and moustache ) is an orange mole-like alien with an english accent and a yellow moustache that can be used in a variety of ways that include serving as an extra set of hands .
8	rené la taupe ( english : rené the mole ) is a virtual singing character created in 2009 by fox mobile group studios .
29	a mixture of methyl isocyanate and two moles of hydrogen chloride is formed , but n-methylcarbamoyl chloride ( mcc ) forms as the mixture is condensed , leaving one mole of hydrogen chloride as a gas .
49	a typical tape measure with both metric and us units and two us pennies for comparison standardization of measurement units measurements are most commonly made in the si system , which contains seven fundamental units : kilogram , metre , candela , second , ampere , kelvin , and mole .
10	some of the traditional foods here include several types of mole ( negro , rojo , amarillo , coloradito and more ) , chichilo , tasajo , tamales in banana leaves and tacos with chapulines ( fried grasshoppers ) .
6	it was stated explicitly that a mole with the gia terrorists informed the french , but not algerian , authorities that the intention was to use the aircraft as a missile to attack paris .
33	he fears that this will be his doom , but it turns out that this sound is coming from bells on the lead of a shrew who from this is attached to a mole .
76	there are colonies of herons and cormorants ( including pygmy cormorant ) , and other species include white-tailed eagle , buzzards , eurasian sparrowhawk , common spoonbill , western marsh harrier , montagu 's harrier , red-breasted goose , ferruginous duck , osprey , wild goose , stork , heron , woodcock etc. variety of mammals include wild hog , roe deer , red fox , european brown hare , muskrat , bat , hedgehog , mole , weasel , hamster , european ground squirrel , european polecat , etc. nature reserve special nature reserve of stari begej-carska bara was proclaimed in 1955 , with status being revised in 1995 .
64	neighborhood celebrations are held in cuernavaca , mostly for patron saints , they include 15 may , the feast of san isidro labrador ; 13 june , the feast of san antonio in the neighborhood of san antón , with aztec dances ; 6 august , the feast of the savior or the transfiguration in ocotepec , featuring the moors and christians dance , mole , and pulque ; 10 august the feast of san lorenzo in chamilpa ; 15 august , the festival of the assumption of mary in santa maría ahuacatilán ; and 8 september , festival of nuestra señora de los milagros in tlaltenango .
31	philby , when he was posted in the british embassy in washington , dc , after the war , learned that us and british intelligence were searching for a british embassy mole ( cryptonym homer ) who was passing information to the soviet union , relying on material uncovered by venona .
9	the fraction of guanine + cytosine pairs is 65 mole percent .
0	mole , gophers , mice , rat and even shrew have similar characteristics and behavioral tendencies .
14	she was given a secret mission to tell the housemates that there was a mole among them when in reality , there actually was not .
28	at 25 ° c δ g in kj · mol − 1 = 5.708 p k a ( 1 kj · mol − 1 = 1000 joule per mole ) .
34	he stated that he was recruited after compromising himself during a vulnerable time in his life , but did not specify why he was vulnerable or why he would risk his life as a mole for british intelligence ( sometimes referred to as '' tout '' ) in an area such as west belfast .
106	following are some foods and the amount of magnesium in them : black-eyed peas ( 1/2 cup ) = 45 mg buckwheat flour ( 100g ( 4 oz ) ) = 250 mg halibut ( 100g ( 4 oz ) ) = 107 mg milk : low fat ( 1 cup ) = 40 mg oats ( 100g ( 4 oz ) ) = 235 mg peanut butter ( 2 tablespoons ) = 50 mg spinach ( 1/2 cup ) = 80 mg wholemeal bread ( 1 slice ) = 25 mg biological chemistry mg 2 + is the fourth-most-abundant metal ion in cells ( per mole ) and the most abundant free divalent cation -- as a result , it is deeply and intrinsically woven into cellular metabolism .
15	it was not long before a shot from terrible hit a magazine on the imperial mole , which exploded causing great damage .
9	he listed several species of the family talpidae ( mole and related species ) from vieux collonges , including '' espèce c '' ( '' species c '' ) , which he named as a new genus and species , veratalpa lugdunensiana , in a footnote .
12	an east german , constantine vishnevsky , has offered information regarding a mole within mi6 , in exchange for safe passage for himself and his family to the west .
5	eileen roberts , a female mole who works at a local coffee shop , previously alongside margaret smith , has strong feelings for rigby and makes this very obvious .
4	digger digger is a mole who joins pocky 's team to avoid losing face in front of his friends .
2	is a mole zoanthrope and a self-styled master of the traditional ninja arts .
2	in one mole of any element there are atoms ( avogadro 's constant ) .
10	in the summer of 1548 , the french observed the mole was provided with a flanker and cannon ; the english insisted it was merely to protect the workmen .
19	the enthalpy of sublimation , or heat of sublimation , is defined as the heat required to sublime one mole of the substance at a given combination of temperature and pressure , usually standard temperature and pressure ( stp ) .
28	'' she is stopped just after this and goes on to read fox 's closing remarks from the day before which refer to him washing and drying a mole in front of a fire before returning the creature to its '' chamber with his weight of grubs .
5	if one targets a 12 mole ethoxylate with a conventional alkaline earth hydroxide , one could expect to get a broad range of ethoxylates with n being anywhere from 3 to 30 moles of eo .