13	the french name for the osage orange , '' bois d'arc '' ( bow - wood ) , is sometimes rendered as '' bowdark .
18	ted and fred , having previously filled the casket with gasoline , start shooting fiery arrows from a bow at the casket .
38	fistmele , also known as the '' brace height '' , is an older term used in archery to describe the correct distance ( about seven inches , for a northern europe or english longbow ) between a bow and its string .
13	by the mesolithic , hunting strategies had diversified with the development of the bow 18,000 years ago and the domestication of the dog about 15,000 years ago .
6	skilled with javelin , spear and bow , she was an excellent horsewoman and commanded her own battalion .
13	gungsul , also written goongsul , literally means '' the craft of the bow .
21	horse archer presentation in hungary a horse archer , horsed archer , or mounted archer is a cavalry armed with a bow , able to shoot while riding from horseback .
18	instinctive aiming is a technique used by trained archers and marksmen to improve general accuracy when using a bow , firearm , or other ranged weapon .
5	mongolian troops had a buryat bow , for showering the enemy with arrows from a safe distance .
11	he supports the shield with his right hand and holds a bow over his left shoulder .
11	confusingly , the designation '' sp-2744 '' was painted on her bow and this designation is reported as her official one by many sources , although this contradicted her official data card , which identifies her as '' id .
3	bordelon s port bow and some of the superstructure were damaged and the main mast snapped and fell on the signal shack , injuring some of the handling team .
4	trophies and notable voyages bow view of libertad docked in dublin in 1964 the frigate competed for the first time in a major offshore race for tall ships between the ports of lisbon and hamilton , bermuda .
24	the simple metal pier represents the stern at the water 's edge , a simple cylinder frame is the smoke stack , and the bow is made of prefabricated parts similar to those assembled by the shipyard workers .
9	fifteen minutes after hitting the mine , swerve s bow was up with the stern resting on the bottom .
6	the wind forced the ship 's bow around to the southwest .
3	all had two bow torpedo tube and two torpedo , and were equipped with a deck-mounted machine gun .
17	the other way to change the side of the boat that faces the wind is turning the bow of the boat into , and then through , the direction of the wind .
9	loaded down with eight cords of wood on her bow , she began to founder .
6	soldiers exited by the boat 's bow ramp .
36	bows heads of three violin bows : ( upper ) transitional ( f. tourte ) , swan-bill head of a long 18th-century model , pike-head of a 17th-century model a violin is usually played using a bow consisting of a stick with a ribbon of horsehair strung between the tip and frog ( or nut , or heel ) at opposite ends .
19	the gudok or hudok ( , ) is an ancient eastern slavic string musical instrument , played with a bow .
28	it is similar in size to the latter instrument and likewise has six or seven strings of gut , arranged over a fret fingerboard and played with a bow .
6	he sometimes plays using a cello bow .
20	bowed guitar is a method of playing a guitar , acoustic or electric , in which the guitarist uses a bow to play the instrument , similar to playing a cello or a viola da gamba .
8	the instrument is normally played with a cello bow .
1	the bow consists of a stick with many hairs stretched between its ends .
29	in italian it is called either manico or tasto , the latter especially in the phrase sul tasto , a direction for bowed string instruments to play with the bow above the fingerboard .
26	after the release of ágætis byrjun , the band became well known for jónsi 's signature style of reverb accentuated guitar work using a cello 's bow .
30	zithers are played by strumming or plucking the strings , either with the fingers ( sometimes using a tool called a plectrum ) , or sounding the strings with a bow .