11	digger appears with the night shift , as part of the hood 's gang .
8	a common stereotype of an executioner is a hood medieval or absolutist executioner .
14	following the siege storyline , madame masque sought out her father to help the hood after loki took back the norn stones .
4	black talon calls the hood , offering the zombie plague as a weapon to destroy all superheroes .
7	one of the women is wearing a hood over her head .
15	'' dead end '' ( # 6 -- 10 , annual # 1 ) the hood 's crime organization grows at an alarming rate , eluding the authorities of new york city , most of the superhero population , and norman osborn and h.a.m.m.e.r. .
17	this humiliating defeat led to his forming an alliance with the self-proclaimed '' super-villain kingpin '' the hood ; together the two joined forces to brutally torture the super-heroine tigra , which jigsaw recorded with a video camera .
1	the hood of the reinastella was longer than that of the later nervastella and vivastella , but like those later models the reinastella was available in different trims : a closed sedan , berline , and town car .
16	the wraith was later among the seventeen criminals murdered by the scourge who were resurrected by hood using the power of dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
14	'' watts believes he and his gang will rise to great things since the hood 's coming to power over the supervillains .
32	photographs taken of police computers provide spider-man with access to her files on various criminal gang leaders active in new york at this time , including mister negative , hammerhead and the hood .
32	the prototype car was se492 chassis number 638 , which was modified to add bracing to withstand the extra power and weight of the four-stroke engine , a taller bonnet ( us hood ) with large grille to accommodate the engine , and unfaired headlight .
13	a person who looks like the original blackout appears as part of the hood 's alliance with super-powered heroes .
12	the body shell of the na was all-steel with a light-weight aluminium hood .
18	mind-wave was later among the eighteen criminals , all murdered by the scourge , to be resurrected by hood using the power of dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
20	the graphics used were copied from the 1974 volkswagen of america decal kit , and the position on the front hood 53 was higher up .
16	the japanese gt models had various differences from the et , lt and st including the hood flutes , power windows , air conditioning , and specific gt trim , but shared a few things with the st -- a full-length center console and oil pressure/ammeter gauges while the lt had warning lights for these functions .
8	he was later sighted as a member of hood 's crime syndicate .
1	the hood seeks her out to find out more information about dormammu .
20	the human fly is among the eighteen criminals that were murdered by scourge of the underworld to be resurrected by hood using the power of dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
10	it was also made from crude parts and without a hood for easy service access .
8	the mirage with its sportier appearance and tapered hood , featured elliptical headlamps with a very narrow single-port grille .
20	the miracle man was later among the eighteen criminals , all murdered by the scourge , to be resurrected by hood using the power of dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
12	the model '' b '' had two bucket seat , a longer hood and was geared higher to attain faster speeds .
16	this was sometimes not the case however and certain kustoms packed some serious punch under the hood .
19	design the neckline is the highest line of the top , and may be as high as a head-covering hood , or as low as the waist or bottom hem of the top .
1	the hood sends grizzly to take out the punisher and anyone working with him .
10	someone that looks like scarecrow was among the members of hood 's crime syndicate .
19	further improvements followed : the engine moved to the front on the type 48 and was soon under a hood ( bonnet ) at the front of the car , instead of hidden underneath ; the steering wheel was adopted on the type 36 ; and they began to look more like the modern car .
8	dark reign during the dark reign storyline , hood brings microchip back from the dead and offers to bring his nephew back to life if he helps in dealing with the punisher .
4	he later joined the hood 's gang , and attacks mister negative .
5	they may have an attached hood , and may cover and fasten down the front , in which case they have holes or slits for the hands to pass through .
8	the crusader attended a meeting organized by the hood to take advantage of the split in the superhero community caused by the superhuman registration act .
3	ringer later assisted hood into fighting counter force .
29	while liz rides one of the horses around the track , nick , ignoring liz , is attracted to fran and her sports car , even checking under the hood .
8	human cannonball later appeared as a member of hood 's crime syndicate .
14	in dark reign crossover , he is one among many supervillains who joined the hood 's crime syndicate .
5	this coat has a regular hood .
59	history the colt galant gto exterior was penned by hiroaki kamisago , who had previously been sent by mitsubishi to study at the art center college of design , then located in los angeles , california , incorporating a number of stylistic cues from contemporary american muscle cars like the mustang , firebird and cougar , including a long hood , raised cut-off ducktail rear , and rounded quad-headlamps and tail-lamps .
16	crossfire is revealed to have survived the fall and is among the supervillains gathered by the hood , who is looking to take advantage of the split in the superhero community caused by the superhuman registration act .
12	during the dark reign storyline , squid is seen assisting some of hood 's operatives in a raid ; he and man-fish go into the water to get to secure a valued ship .
38	many aspects of the vehicle appearance may suffer in the term of everyday use and result in any of the following damages : stained or otherwise used upholstery , scratched bumpers , dings on the doors , chipped hood , dented quarter panel .
27	each year , a forzado was issued a doublet , one pair of breeches , stockings , two shirt , one pairs of shoe , and a hood .
22	house of m : masters of evil set right after civil war : house of m , this miniseries depicts how the hood assembles a gang of the deadliest '' sapien '' super-criminals : madame masque , absorbing man , batroc the leaper , blizzard ii , chemistro iii , cobra , constrictor , crossbones , nitro , sandman , titania , wizard , and the wrecking crew ( bulldozer , piledriver , thunderball , and wrecker ) .
2	honey lemon hood hoodwink hope hope ( esperanza ling ) is a fictional mutant in the marvel comics universe .
19	the fight is interrupted by daredevil who takes out wrecker and razor fist who is also working for the hood , unintentionally allowing the enforcers to escape .
22	after the punisher fails to assassinate osborn due to the intervention of sentry during the dark reign storyline , osborn asks the hood to hunt him down .
27	after a major appearance in the amazing spider-man # 498 - 500 ( october - december 2003 ) , dormammu became the patron of small-time villain the hood in new avengers # 46 ( december 2008 ) .
18	firebrand was later among seventeen criminals of the criminals murdered by the scourge , who were resurrected by hood using the power of dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
20	sulley , trying to be helpful but confused by the massive amount of buttons on the dashboard , pops the hood open .
18	letha was later among the seventeen criminals , all murdered by the scourge , to be resurrected by hood using the power of dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
9	letha and titania were resurrected years later by the hood , alongside several other victims of the scourge .
24	naza r & d improved upon the base design and engineered a right-hand drive conversion , and also enhanced the front end , updating hood ( with power bulge ) , headlights and bumper .
14	sasha kravinoff hires her to steal mac gargan 's original scorpion costume from the hood who plans to award it to the low-level crook that impresses him after receiving the scorpion costume from norman osborn .
32	following the skrulls ' defeat , she is introduced as a member of a secret cabal , consisting of herself , norman osborn , doctor doom , loki , namor and the hood , who are manipulating events in their favor .
11	common requirements for automobiles include structure ( examples : windsheld and hood ) and safety equipment ( examples : headlamp and bumpers ) .
19	the cheetah was later among the seventeen criminals , all murdered by the scourge , to be resurrected by hood using the power of dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
17	the basilisk was resurrected - with sixteen other criminals murdered by scourge - by master criminal the hood using the power of the entity dormammu .
27	merci is a czech company based in slatina , brno selling and manufacturing laboratory equipment , devices , and many other things used in laboratories , like hood , glassware , or chemicals .
30	it is expected that the toyota and subaru versions will be styled similarly on the outside , with the subaru version getting different head and tail lights and a different hood .
45	other long-distance outings of note included one man and his chauffeur covering 10,000 miles in the united states with no breakdowns , as well as a pathfinder 12 driven by walter weidely ( son of george weidely , the designer of the engine under the hood ) cross-country for a total of 4921 miles .
1	the hood mirrors black bolt , a hero-king in charge of a group of powerful outsiders .
3	he battles the hood .
14	during the dark reign storyline , white rabbit appears as a member of the hood 's gang .
5	the long flat bonnet ( hood ) with central indentation , the large front overhang , the wedge shape with prominent c pillar roll-over hoop and the car-length indented plimsoll-line all made the successful transition to the x1/9 , giving it a highly distinctive appearance .
11	needle appears with the night shift , as part of the hood 's gang .
2	although the hood managed to collect the gems of power and reality in time to defeat the formidable red hulk , his subsequent attempts to acquire the others resulted in the red hulk stealing the power gem from him while thor beat him to the space gem , although he was able to acquire the mind and time gems .
5	blackout was hired by the hood to take advantage of the split in the superhero community caused by the superhuman registration act .
28	after the skrulls were defeated , she joined the cabal , consisting of herself , norman osborn , emma frost , doctor doom , namor , and the hood , so osborn could launch his new world order , promising loki asgard back in the heavens where it belonged .
17	the comet featured a new grille , taillight borrowed from the mercury montego , trim , and hood .
9	later she was shot and severely beaten by the hood in her home in retaliation for having beaten jigsaw , a member of his fledgling super-criminal organization .
22	the basic garments for women consisted of the smock , hose , kirtle , gown , surcoat , girdle , cape , hood , and bonnet .
1	the hood hired him as part of his criminal organization to take advantage of the split in the superhero community caused by the superhuman registration act .
21	medusa has joined the group as well ( filling in for the presumably deceased black bolt ) after learning that the hood is targeting them for the infinity gems , seeking to reform the infinity gauntlet and regain the power he lost after the siege of asgard .
17	traditional inuit anorak traditional caribou parka a parka or anorak is a type of coat with a hood , often lined with fur or faux fur .
10	secret invasion : the infiltration after the defeat of the hood 's criminal organization , echo remains on the team as doctor strange departs to the astral plane to heal himself , setting up base in a building owned by iron fist 's company but technically leased to samuel sterns for the year .
9	in secret invasion , electro appears as member of hood 's crime syndicate and attacked a skrull force .
31	the laser returns as an employee of the advanced idea mechanics ( aim ) villain modok , and later as a member of the criminal army formed by the villain the hood .
29	attach or detach a separable part of the garment to or from another , as in the conversion between trousers and shorts or the connection or disconnection of a hood and a coat .
10	in some sauna suits , the jacket also includes a hood to provide additional retention of body heat .
7	the area termed capucha ( literally '' hood '' ) took up the right-hand side of the attic .
18	turner d. century later appears among the eighteen criminals , all murdered by the scourge , at the hood 's meeting of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
27	in a plot to rule earth , he had special suits made for the ambitious people that want to rule the world with one of them being hood 's cousin john king , who became cancer .
7	the surviving blood brother later joins the hood and his criminal empire , and helps fight the alien shape-shifting race the skrulls during the skrull invasion of earth .
21	again , the font of the 53 is different , and it is slightly bigger and lower down on the front hood .
12	during the siege storyine , centurious appeared as a member of the hood 's crime syndicate .