10	culleenamore is a diverse animal habitat , and also a seal sanctuary .
0	seal of alexander ii , king of scots .
8	it is thus a device that provides a seal between a stationary supply passage ( such as pipe or tubing ) and a rotating part ( such as a drum , cylinder , or spindle ) to permit the flow of a fluid into and/or out of the rotating part .
7	other decorative touches include the city 's seal on brass doorknobs and intricately molded plaster cornice .
22	despite all this , titan has a flourishing arctic ecosystem , apparently at the top of which is a clawed , blubbery seal - like native race of infant-like intelligence .
11	activity in the region flourished as trading in sea otter and seal boomed .
41	in 1994 , the song '' how do you stop '' , that he co-wrote with dan hartman for james brown 's 1986 album gravity was covered by joni mitchell on her album turbulent indigo in a version featuring vocals by seal .
15	assynt is renowned for having diverse wildlife and achmelvich is no exceptions with cetacean , seal , basking shark , otter , pine marten , osprey and white-tailed eagle having been seen in the area .
19	on march 10 , 2012 , the soul rebels shared the stage with kanye west , snoop dogg and seal at brad pitt 's night to make it right foundation new orleans after-party , hosted by comedian aziz ansari .
12	he became tutor to the young king , guardian of the royal seal and a key adviser to queen margaret , while guillaume was appointed abbot of a monastery near maletto .
128	the album features akon , ashanti , babyface , ben jelen , bilal , bonnie mckee , bonnie raitt , brandy , claudette ortiz , don yute , eric clapton , ellie lawson , emmylou harris , everclear , eve , fabolous , faith evans , farena , floetry , freckles , jadakiss , jamie foxx , jaheim , jon b , julia fordham , jurassic 5 , kristine w , lady saw , lenny kravitz , mary j. blige , marques houston , matt nathanson , mc lyte , monica , miri ben-ari , missy elliott , mr. north , musiq , mystic , nate dogg , of a revolution , omarion , raphael saadiq , rev run , res , russell simmons , $ 5 , seal , the latin kings , tracy edmonds , wayne wonder , wyclef jean and yoko ono .