19	it replaced the national counterintelligence center , which was created in 1994 in response to the arrest of cia mole aldrich ames .
38	after gibbs notices footage of an unconscious ziva on the news following an explosion where she was working , it is soon revealed that vance had deliberately sent ziva back to israel in order to help uncover a mole within ncis itself .
37	part four ned reflects that every employee of the circus of a certain generation can recall where he or she was at the time of '' the fall '' -- bill haydon 's exposure as a kgb mole .
10	an undercover cia operative is accused of being a russian mole , and has to go on the run to defend himself .
30	he founded a special camp outside moscow ( towards kiev ) and trained a selection of handpicked men ( usually ex-military officers ) to act as handlers of his various mole .
21	as it was thought impossible to take the city by force , mangrai sent a merchant named ai fa as a mole to gain the confidence of its king yi ba .
9	unbeknownst to the prison authorities smith was actually a mole for the imprisoned ulster volunteer force ( uvf ) leader gusty spence , passing on information about the conditions in which the internees were being held .
31	philby , when he was posted in the british embassy in washington , dc , after the war , learned that us and british intelligence were searching for a british embassy mole ( cryptonym homer ) who was passing information to the soviet union , relying on material uncovered by venona .
4	grant bristow , a mole for the canadian security intelligence service ( csis ) , infiltrated the group and became one of its leaders .
26	he is unable to repeat this feat in tinker , tailor , soldier , spy , due to the infiltration of the circus by a high-level mole run by the soviet spymaster karla .
23	the agents use a week-long sleep study as cover to remove trackers and self-destruct devices implanted in georgia 's body , but a mole exposes the eis team .
8	however , one of the contestants is a mole , deliberately planted to work against the team .
23	for unknown reasons , the soviets did not act on their intelligence about polyakov until he was betrayed a second time by cia mole aldrich ames in 1985 .
23	his recruitment to the svr appears to have occurred in the wake of a much publicized arrest of senior cia officer and moscow mole aldrich ames in february 1994 , which , in the words of cia veteran and author tennent bagley , had '' exposed extraordinary slackness of cia security procedures .
26	when the fight is finally finished , only alex and karolina remain standing , at which point alex knocks out karolina and outs himself as a mole for his parents .
11	in 1959 , blake became aware of a central intelligence agency mole inside gru , and was thus instrumental in exposing p. s. popov , who was executed in 1960 .
16	ten months after chan 's death lau kin-ming ( andy lau ) , hon 's former mole in the hong kong police force , has been demoted to administrative duty pending an investigation into the deaths of chan and inspector b. he falsely claims that b shot chan in the head while holding him hostage , and that he killed b in retaliation .
5	rictor was planted as a mole to find out what the purifiers were up to .
22	he would join the vichy regime 's prisoner of war aid society , the rassemblement national prisonniers de guerre , as a mole on behalf of the french resistance ; he was involved in the escape of general henri giraud .
13	one of those who attended those early meetings was george blake , a mole in the british intelligence apparatus .
9	however , the greek learns about this through a mole in the fbi and has sobotka killed .
9	she was working secretly for big brother as a mole , going to and from the house to appear on big brother 's little brother .
26	castle abducts duka , who fearfully gives up information about the saints -- whom he , too , hates , and so willingly becomes castle 's mole .
1	each mole has been planted by the rival organization to gain an advantage in intelligence over the other side .
35	notably copies for leo ross and mr david william icd , ( deputy director of information ) were not signed by minister william harper who was later dismissed when he was discovered to be a mole for the british government ( harper was the only signatory to the proclamation not to be awarded the independence decoration ) .
10	however , they all soon realize that mentalla is a mole in the fatal five , and has not truly betrayed the legion .
35	in 1992 , it was revealed by reporter normand lester that morin had been on the payroll of the royal canadian mounted police ( rcmp ) from 1974 to 1977 as a sort of '' mole '' within the pq .
7	some rcmp testimony claimed he was a mole who left the plot just days before its execution because he was told to pull out , but the canadian government denied that report .
44	at the villa , craig discovers joao 's corpse and confronts amanda , who explains that he was killed by a russian intelligence officer , rogov , under cover as oxford professor milo janek , who had recruited her two years earlier as a mole because of her links with the embassy .
25	the main villains of the show are the power-hungry police chief pamela bondani , who wants to become the town 's mayor , and her mole assistant professor molo .
24	the magnitude of the current ( in ampere ) and the duration of the current ( second ) can be used to determine the mole of the unknown species in solution .
7	c-mole is an abbreviation for a carbon mole .
15	the molar heat capacity is the heat capacity per unit amount ( si unit : mole ) of a pure substance and the specific heat capacity , often simply called specific heat , is the heat capacity per unit mass of a material .
9	conversions the magnitude of the electrical charge of one mole of elementary charge ( approximately 6.022 , or avogadro 's number ) is known as a faraday unit of charge ( closely related to the faraday constant ) .
39	when the heat of fusion is referenced to a unit of mass , it is usually called the specific heat of fusion , while the molar heat of fusion refers to the enthalpy change per amount of substance in mole .
31	the time and date are derived from avogadro 's number , which is approximately 6.02 × 10 23 , defining the number of particles ( atoms or molecules ) in one mole of substance , one of the seven base si units .
9	the fraction of guanine + cytosine pairs is 65 mole percent .
14	in modern terms , dulong and petit found that the heat capacity of a mole of many solid substances is about 3 r , where r is the modern constant called the universal gas constant .
31	solid state synthesis in the solid state reaction method bismuth oxide ( bi 2 o 3 ) and iron oxide ( fe 2 o 3 ) in a 1 : 1 mole ratio are mixed with a mortar , or by ball milling and then fired at elevated temperatures .
28	when ignited , the gas mixture converts to water vapor and releases energy , which sustains the reaction : 241.8 kj of energy ( lhv ) for every mole of burned .
13	hydrogen is a highly desirable fuel , as , although the energy per mole is not unusually high , the molecule is very much lighter than other molecules .
8	it is the heat required to break one mole of molecules into their individual atoms .
47	sackur -- tetrode constant the sackur -- tetrode constant , written s 0 / r , is equal to s/kn evaluated at a temperature of t = 1 kelvin , at standard pressure ( 100 kpa or 101.325 kpa , to be specified ) , for one mole of an ideal gas composed of particles of mass equal to one atomic mass unit ( m u = ) .
26	in physics and chemistry , the faraday constant , denoted by the symbol and named after michael faraday , is the magnitude of electric charge per mole of electron .
46	for instance , the volume of a single-solute solution can be written as where v 0 is the extensive volume of the pure solvent and its molar volume ( at the same temperature and pressure as the solution ) , n 0 is the number of mole of solvent , is the apparent molar volume of the solute , and n 1 is the number of moles of the solute in the solution .
2	examples 1 mole of glucose ( c 6 h 12 o 6 ) is equivalent to 6 c-moles of glucose .
12	gram atomic mass is the mass , in gram , of one mole of atom in a monatomic chemical element .
1	one mole of deuterium-tritium gas would contain about 3.0 grams of tritium and 2.0 grams of deuterium .
14	for the fuel carrying salts , generally 1 % or 2 % ( by mole ) of uf 4 is added .
9	avogadro constant , a chemical concept relating to the mole , discovered by amedeo avogadro .
2	one zepto mole ( zmol ) of substance contains 602 particles .
31	one u is defined as the amount of the enzyme that produces a certain amount of enzymatic activity , that is , the amount that catalyzes the conversion of 1 micro mole of substrate per minute .
4	alcoholic fermentation converts one mole of sucrose into four moles of ethanol and four moles of carbon dioxide , producing two moles of atp in the process .
25	conversion factor between atomic mass units and grams the standard scientific unit used to quantify the amount of a substance in macroscopic quantities is the mole ( symbol : mol ) , which is defined arbitrarily as the amount of a substance which has as many atoms or molecules as there are atoms in 12 grams of the carbon isotope c-12 .
11	johann josef loschmidt determines the exact number of molecules in a mole , later named avogadro 's number .
46	the u.s. epa also defined the pool depth as 0.01 m ( i.e. , 1 cm ) so that the surface area of the pool liquid could be calculated as : notes : 1 kpa = 0.0102 kgf / cm ² = 0.01 bar mol = mole atm = atmosphere stiver and mackay 's method the following equations are for predicting the rate at which liquid evaporates from the surface of a pool of liquid which is at or near the ambient temperature .
13	an amount of light compatible with everyday experience is the energy of one mole of photons ; its energy can be computed by multiplying the photon energy by the avogadro constant , n a ≈ .
71	equation arrhenius ' equation gives the dependence of the rate constant of a chemical reaction on the absolute temperature ( in kelvin ) , where is the pre-exponential factor ( or simply the prefactor ) , is the activation energy , and is the universal gas constant : alternatively , the equation may be expressed as the only difference is the energy units of : the former form uses energy per mole , which is common in chemistry , while the latter form uses energy per molecule directly , which is common in physics .
14	chemical potential is measured in units of energy/particle or , equivalently , energy / mole .
2	the word mole , according to gorin , was introduced into chemistry around 1900 by ostwald .
51	although it is traditionally used with black beans for flavor and its carminative properties ( less gas ) , it is also sometimes used to flavor other traditional mexican dishes as well : it can be used to season quesadilla and sope ( especially those containing huitlacoche ) , soups , mole de olla , tamale with cheese and chile , chilaquiles , eggs and potatoes and enchilada .
23	formed from '' mojado '' ( wet or dripping ) probably referring to the mint leaves in the well known cuba drink ; mole : from spanish , from nahuatl molle or molli ( '' sauce '' ) ; montana : from montaña , a mountain ; mosquito : from mosquito , literally '' little fly '' ; mulatto : from spanish or portuguese mulato meaning '' octoroon , sambo '' .
9	local specialties here include ningüijute , a seed-based pork mole , chispola , a beef and vegetable stew and pictes , a sweet corn tamale .
4	as an ingredient in mole dishes , they are known in spanish as pipián .
5	green or red salsa or mole is poured over the crisp tortilla triangles , called totopo .
21	in toluca the most famous dish is chorizo , a regional sausage made of ground pork and tomato sauce , pumpkin mole , pipian and other ingredients such as salt , pepper , white wine , almonds , potatoes , vinegar , garlic and chile .
31	they are stuffed with a variety of fillings including potatoes and ground beef , apples , pineapple , sweetened rice , or other typical mexican ingredients , such as tinga and mole .
9	some examples of the typical food are pozole , mole and barbacoa mass with .
43	some known dishes alegría , a candy made from puffed amaranth and boiled-down honey or maguey sap , in ancient times formed into the shapes of aztec gods balché , mayan fermented honey drink champurrado , a chocolate drink chili guacamole huarache mezcal mole pejelagarto , a fish with an alligator-like head seasoned with the amashito chile and lime pozole pulque or octli , an alcoholic beverage of fermented maguey juice salsa taco tamale tepache , pineapple beer tlacoyo ( gordita ) corn tortilla pupusa , thick cornmeal flatbread from the pipil culture of el salvador xocolātl native american cuisine of south america roast guinea pig ( cuy ) ceviche cheese-filled arepa chipa , cheese bread andean cultures this currently includes recipes known from the quechua , aymara and nazca of the andes .
15	he became particularly noted for his inventive trees of life , diversifying themes to include mole , other religious stories and festivals such as day of the dead .
13	during this and other festival typical dishes of the area include corunda , mole , barbacoa and '' guenches '' which is a larvae found on strawberry trees .
11	examples of these foods include tamale , tortilla , tostadas , mole , menudo , pozole , sopes , chile relleno and enchilada .
20	it is one of the dishes most commonly served during taquizas ( taco parties ) , together with tinga , mole , chicharrón , and papas con chorizo .
0	mole ( ) is a mexican sauce made from chili peppers mixed with spices , unsweetened chocolate , almond , and other ingredients .
5	cuisine regional cuisine consists of mole accompanied with white rice , beef stew , pork liver with scrambled egg ( for breakfast ) and typical drinks as chocolate , chocolate atole , tejate , and mescal .
11	the most important example of this connection is the use of mole for special occasions and holidays , particularly in the south and center regions of the country .
13	it is recommended by méxico desconocido magazine for oaxacan regional dishes such as mole , tasajo , tlayudas , pan de yema ( a type of egg bread ) , chapulines ( fried grasshoppers in chile ) , oaxaca cheese ( known locally as '' quesillo '' ) , queso fresco ( lit .
2	' ; mole : from mōlli , '' sauce '' ; nopal : from nohpalli , '' prickly pear cactus '' ; ocelot : from ocēlōtl ; peyote : from peyōtl .
0	mole itself is a mexican sauce made from chocolate that is nearly black in color , an image that jourgensen believes represents crude oil .
58	for example , sushi in mexico is often made with a variety of sauces based on mango or tamarind , and very often served with serrano - chili-blended soy sauce , or complemented with vinegar , habanero and chipotle peppers the most internationally recognized dishes include chocolate , taco , quesadilla , enchilada , burrito , tamale and mole among others .
7	food such as cake , chicken with mole , hot chocolate , coffee , and atole are served .
19	mexican cuisine features sauces which may contain chocolate , seeds , and chiles collectively known by the nahua name mole ( compare guacamole ) .
14	usually they are served with patties of dried shrimp , and potatoes in a mole sauce .
64	neighborhood celebrations are held in cuernavaca , mostly for patron saints , they include 15 may , the feast of san isidro labrador ; 13 june , the feast of san antonio in the neighborhood of san antón , with aztec dances ; 6 august , the feast of the savior or the transfiguration in ocotepec , featuring the moors and christians dance , mole , and pulque ; 10 august the feast of san lorenzo in chamilpa ; 15 august , the festival of the assumption of mary in santa maría ahuacatilán ; and 8 september , festival of nuestra señora de los milagros in tlaltenango .
10	some of the traditional foods here include several types of mole ( negro , rojo , amarillo , coloradito and more ) , chichilo , tasajo , tamales in banana leaves and tacos with chapulines ( fried grasshoppers ) .
27	a tiendas de chocolate mill in oaxaca , where customers can have roasted cocoa beans and spices ground for chocolate , or roasted chili pepper ground for mole .
32	on its saints day , the town of otumba lays out a carpet of flower petals on the atrium of the church along with decorative floral portals , dances , barbacoa and mole .
19	they bring 12 turkeys , pan de yema , chocolate , clayudas , and ingredients to make the traditional mole dish as offerings .
36	while ice cream and ices are made in other parts of the state , these stand out because of the many unusual flavors offered such as beer , pulque , chile relleno , even shrimp and mole .
10	the most common are food items such as plates of mole , tamale , sweets , fruit , hot chocolate , atole , tequila , mezcal and beer .
18	fox , opossum , raccoon , and bear eat waste beaver destroy trees gopher , groundhog , and mole destroy lawn feral cat and feral dog eat human food and carry disease white-tailed deer are now seen as pests in many suburb and exurban areas of the us , though not in more rural areas .
6	popular culture badger , ratty , mole , and mr. toad from the wind in the willows badger characters are featured in author brian jacques ' redwall series , most often falling under the title of badger lord or badger mother , and the 19th century poem '' the badger '' by john clare describes a badger hunt and badger-baiting .
86	examples include emlék ( '' a ( piece of ) memory '' ) , farok ( '' tail '' ) , köldök ( '' navel '' ) , könyök ( '' elbow '' ) , sarok ( '' corner '' / '' heel '' ) , pocok ( '' vole '' ) , püspök ( '' bishop '' ) , érsek ( '' archbishop '' ) , szemöldök ( '' eyebrow '' ) , zsák ( '' sack '' ) etc. -- the name of the mole used to be vakondok but this form took on a plural meaning and the word is mostly used today as vakond .
23	karl dönitz was reputed to have claimed that '' an aircraft can no more kill a u-boat than a crow can kill a mole '' .
2	is a mole zoanthrope and a self-styled master of the traditional ninja arts .
8	the fist ones are , for example : mole , shrew , dormice ... geography there are four distinct areas of interest in the reserve : the estuary .
16	he was given the name moleman by groening , who thought the character looked like a mole .
14	biography as a young student , winge was interested in small mammals , particularly mole , shrew and insectivora .
11	bakuryū ( first ) / kōryū , real name is a mole zoanthrope and a self-styled master of the traditional ninja arts .
4	henk henk is a mole .
18	a regularly used toilet area or dunghill , created by many mammals , such as the hyrax or mole is also called a midden .
46	shagrat , a giant , capybara - like rodent found in the tundras northern europe ; descended from the present-day marmot ; snowstalker , a large , white , saber-toothed mustelid from northern europe , descended from the present-day wolverine ; spink , a small , mole - like , burrowing bird found in southern north america , descended from the present-day quail .
21	it eats fish , crab , shrimps , frog , toads , lizards , snakes , and small mammals such as mole , and particularly rodents like mice , voles and rats .
9	the event mascot , ligi ( an anthropomorphic black mole ) , returned after its introduction in 1999 .
55	use as part of folk taxonomy a common name intrinsically plays a part in a classification of objects , typically an incomplete and informal classification , in which some names are degenerate examples in that they are unique and lack reference to any other name , as is the case with say , buchu , mole , and ratel .
3	professor molo a mole , the secondary antagonist .
5	giraldus giraldus is a leprous mole who becomes one of ysabelle 's traveling companions .
14	sex between adults and juveniles it has also been recorded that certain species of mole will impregnate newborns of their own species .
27	other characters , which are essentially large scale puppets , are a strange-looking blue tree frog called rockit ( sic ) , a purple and green striped mole ( who almost looks like one of the fimbles ) called roly mo , a plump and motherly pink bird called bessie and her chick , ribble .
2	: a mole imagin armed with axe .
4	) , chipmunk , mole and bat ( especially the little brown bat ( myotis lucifugus ) ) may be taken occasionally .
17	on the run from the authorities after his intervention in the miners ' strike , monty the mole must escape from his house and head for the english channel and freedom in europe .
1	the mole has a pair of short , spade-like forelimbs for burrowing .
33	he fears that this will be his doom , but it turns out that this sound is coming from bells on the lead of a shrew who from this is attached to a mole .
9	the name is derived from the japanese word for mole .
38	explicit list these are the animals considered to be impure according to and : bat camel chameleon coney ( hyrax ) cormorant cuckow eagle ferret gier eagle glede great owl hare hawk heron kite lapwing little owl lizard mole mouse night hawk osprey ossifrage owl pelican pig raven snail stork swine tortoise vulture weasel frog reasons some scholars , especially secular ones , have conjectured that the jewish concept of '' unclean animals '' arose out of public health concerns by community leaders , since , in the conditions of the times , some of those animals are indeed more likely to cause food poisoning or transmit diseases to people who consume them .
4	digger digger is a mole who joins pocky 's team to avoid losing face in front of his friends .
12	the animals and birds that lived in the region were squirrel , mole , beaver , shrew - mouse , coyote , puma , deer , woodpecker , white-winged dove , owl , and wild duck , among others .
9	order : soricomorpha family : talpidae 3 species of mole occur in pennsylvania .
18	in new zealand , the ecological niches normally occupied by mammals as different as rodent , kangaroos and mole , were filled by reptiles , insects , or birds .
12	the most historic achievement of these marines was the capture of the mole during the assault on gibraltar ( sailors of the royal navy captured the rock itself ) and the subsequent defense of the fortress alongside the dutch marines in 1704 .
8	stone from kjerringberget was used to build a mole in korsvika .
10	in the summer of 1548 , the french observed the mole was provided with a flanker and cannon ; the english insisted it was merely to protect the workmen .
26	the site the site of alsium is clearly fixed by the distance from porto , at the modern village of palo , with a fort and mole of the 17th century , in the construction of which many ancient materials have been used .
8	the torpedoes fired at the budapest struck the mole of the seaplane station , but wien was hit twice and capsized in five minutes , killing 46 of the crew .
28	the ferries had a shallow draft , allowing them to skim over the mines floating beneath the surface , and were robust enough to approach the heavily defended mole curling into the north sea .
21	system details the initial connection across the bay to san francisco was by ferryboat via a causeway and pier ( '' mole '' ) , extending from the end of yerba buena avenue in oakland , california westward 16,000 feet ( 4,900 m ) to a ferry terminal near yerba buena island .
24	on 22/23 april 1918 , captain carpenter was in command of vindictive which was to land a force of 200 royal marines on the mole at zeebrugge at the start of the zeebrugge raid .
18	this area , called the '' rock creek basin '' by the canal company , which included a mole , causeway , and waste weir was completed in 1831 .
42	all three included a road connection to tyssøy , with the bridge proposals costing for the tyssøy connection , and the tunnel having a cost of , in part because the earthworks volume from the tunnel could be used to build a mole with a short bridge .
13	many of the troops were able to embark from the harbor 's protective mole onto 39 british destroyer and other large ships , while others had to wade out from the beaches , waiting for hours in the shoulder-deep water .
15	it was not long before a shot from terrible hit a magazine on the imperial mole , which exploded causing great damage .
5	dunkerque was tied alongside the mole with her stern facing the sea , so she could not return fire .
26	inscription reads : to the glory of god and in memory of these three officers and one mechanic of the royal navy who fell on the mole at zeebrugge on st george 's day 1918 and have no known grave wing commander brock f. a. o.b.e. lieutenant commander harrison a. l . v.c. lieutenant hawkins c.e.v. mechanic second class f/50269 rouse j. wing commander frank arthur brock ( 29 june 1888 -- 23 april 1918 ) was a british officer of the royal air force who devised and executed the smoke screen used during the zeebrugge raid on 23 april 1918 , in the british royal navy 's attempt to neutralize the key belgian port of bruges-zeebrugge during the first world war .
41	metres above the adriatic ( , , ) is the mean sea level datum used in austria and some other central and southeast europe countries to measure elevation referring to the average water level of the adriatic sea at the sartorio mole in trieste .
17	it was connected to the nearly island of pomègues , which runs roughly parallel , by a mole constructed in 1822 to create a port area .
10	he first built his own harbor alongside and constructed a mole from which he deployed a floating spiked boom but demetrius never succeeded in taking the harbor .
7	when the russians occupied trabzon , a mole was built .
22	in the 1950s the town became popular as a beach resort and a rural life village due to the construction of a mole , to inhibit the spread of tidal sands into the mouth of the otago harbour and was surveyed and amalgamated as a suburb of port chalmers borough .
35	the first cruise ship was the sunward in 1969 , which docked at the navy 's pier in the truman annex or the privately owned pier b. the navy 's pier is called the navy mole .
10	the islands of pomègues and ratonneau are connected by a mole built in 1822 .
16	while negotiating , the ottoman commander ordered the angora to position itself near the harbor 's mole .
25	the smaller breakwater was built as part of the preparations for the visit of the rms mauretania and is sometimes known as the '' mauretania mole '' .
10	the lighthouse established permanent service from 1906 ; after the mole 's foundations had settled a temporary lighting arrangement there was discharged .
15	the modern port started its operations in 1854 during the british raj , when a mole was constructed to connect city to the harbor .
7	the new fort was constructed as a mole linked to the mainland by a wooden bridge .
6	when the ship neared the zeebrugge mole she cast the two ferries aside .
27	the key system transit company established its own ferry service in 1903 between the ferry building in san francisco and its own pier and wharf ( '' mole '' ) on the oakland shoreline , located just south of what is today the eastern approach to the san francisco – oakland bay bridge .
5	the area adjacent to the mole is also a source of recreational and research opportunities , with dive sites at the wrecks of sunken ships .
29	two of three blockships were scuttled in the narrowest part of the bruges canal and one of two submarines rammed the viaduct , which linked the shore and the mole , to isolate the german garrison .