15	the analogous dutch word '' romp '' does however have the literal meaning of '' trunk '' and is therefore a more obvious metaphor for such a remnant .
68	spinal polio the location of motor neuron in the anterior horn cells of the spinal column spinal polio , the most common form of paralytic poliomyelitis , results from viral invasion of the motor neurons of the anterior horn cells , or the ventral ( front ) grey matter section in the spinal column , which are responsible for movement of the muscles , including those of the trunk , limbs , and the intercostal muscle .
11	the dance itself consists of quick rhythmic moves especially with the trunk or upper body .
13	it is similar to other rough sharks in having a stout , high trunk , a dorsally depressed head , and two sail-like dorsal fin with deeply embedded spines .
12	their arms and legs are nearly equal in length , and their trunk is long , allowing them to twist and extend to nearby branches .
7	līc : ' body ' , ' trunk ' .
6	development section of a developing vertebrate trunk showing the dorsolateral ( red ) and ventromedial ( blue ) routes of chromatoblast migration during vertebrate embryonic development , chromatophores are one of a number of cell types generated in the neural crest , a paired strip of cells arising at the margins of the neural tube .
9	the anterior rami supply the antero-lateral parts of the trunk and the limbs .
15	scoring the scale comprises three categories : five general facets four lower extremity facets seven trunk , head and upper extremity facets each item has a score range from 0 ( good function ) to 3 ( poor function ) .
32	they are often more bulky than slalom/polo vests , but are usually cut short at the front to allow the paddler to lean further forward despite the thicker foam and allow good trunk rotation for quick turns .
9	description mature shumard oak typically reach heights of , trunk diameter is typically , and crown width typically reaches in width .
34	eucalyptus radiata , commonly known as the narrow-leaved peppermint or forth river peppermint , is a medium to tall tree to 30 m high ( rarely 50 m ) with persistent bark on the trunk and larger branches or persistent to smaller branches .
34	measuring diameter to measure the diameter of a tree , the diameter tape ( diameter side facing user ) is wrapped around the tree , in the plane perpendicular to the axis of the trunk at above ground .
20	in botany , ramification is the divergence of the stem and limbs of a plant into smaller ones , i.e. trunk into branch , branches into increasingly smaller branches , etc. .
13	it is dioecious , and the female trees bear fruit directly on the trunk and large branches .
23	grape vines and their canopies in viticulture , the canopy of a grapevine includes the parts of the vine visible aboveground - the trunk , cordon , stem , leaves , flowers , and fruit .
14	it is commonly found in the form of a rounded outgrowth on a tree trunk or branch that is filled with small knots from dormant buds .
2	the single trunk is straight and often continues for the entire height of the tree , although sometimes splits into several large limbs once the canopy has been breached .
4	the species favors the trunk of trees , where it feeds as a saprotroph , causing white rot .
25	the crown of a woody plant ( tree , shrub , liana ) is the branch , leaves , and reproductive structures extending from the trunk or main stems .
12	currently the vehicle lacks features such as a storage compartment ( i.e. trunk or glove compartment ) , and the protection against bad weather is inadequate .
21	in the uncensored version , stan is shown drinking at the wheel of the car before showing dido struggling in the trunk of the car .
6	many cars have lights in the trunk ( or boot ) , the engine compartment , and the glovebox and other storage compartments .
43	despite lee eun-ju 's prior experience with depicting sex and nudity in virgin stripped bare by her bachelors ( 2000 ) , she came under the scrutiny of korean press and netizen , for the highly emotional sex scenes and the notorious '' trunk scene '' in the scarlet letter which is regarded as '' one of the most shocking and intense scenes in the history of korean film .
13	unlike the bmw x5 , the x-coupe had an aluminium body , a trunk opening downwards and two doors that swing outward .
15	on front-engined saloon/sedans , measuring rear overhang is helpful in predicting the size of the trunk .
24	the term is also applied to the smaller stamped panels that form the floors inside a vehicle as well as the bottom of the trunk .
3	instead of a trunk at the back of the car , the terranaut features an air lock drawer , which allows easy and safe access to clinical samples placed in the air lock drawer by someone on the outside by a lab analyst still inside the car .
18	the same architecture is applied at the rear , with a deep bumper , a clamshell - shaped trunk lid that envelops over the flanks , dual exhaust pipes and tail lamps .
37	the other changes were minor ( e.g. a slight modification to the extruded aluminum grille , a front sway bar made standard on six-cylinder models , and an optional black vinyl roof cover that continued over the trunk opening ) .