20	karla refused these advances and eventually returned to favor in the ussr , masterminding the witchcraft/source merlin operations supporting the mole gerald in the circus .
11	a shooting spree ensues and the gang realizes rod is a mole , forcing him to drive away at gunpoint .
12	in '' the gathering '' , charlotte continues to act as a mole for the families when rex uncovers a lead ; she tries to put him off researching a pulp short story apparently based on the little italy incident , and tells him that a dna test that could find descendants of the author was unsuccessful .
12	an east german , constantine vishnevsky , has offered information regarding a mole within mi6 , in exchange for safe passage for himself and his family to the west .
5	during his time as a mole , tattaglia underwent some private changes .
11	philip meets claudia where she tells him that there is a mole working for the fbi .
32	the only method of contacting him is through a high-tech , secure website , and any person the fbi manages to take into custody ends up dead at the hands of a mole .
19	penetration by the kgb these successes were marred , however , by the penetration of asio by a kgb mole in the 1970s .
36	plot the film follows the exploits of sam boyd ( gene hackman ) , a former operative for the cia who is reactivated to escort pyotr ivanovich grushenko ( mikhail baryshnikov ) , a captured kgb mole , to a prisoner exchange in recently reunited berlin .
12	hogan eventually turned zodiac against his stablemates by revealing him as a mole .
15	the second season featured a team of 14 players , one of whom was the mole .
22	in xu , chen deng urged cao cao to get rid of lü bu soon , and agreed to work as a mole for cao in xu province .
1	each mole has been planted by the rival organization to gain an advantage in intelligence over the other side .
26	double agents some people listed here are not true double agents ( as defined above ) , but rather ( single ) agents working as a mole within an intelligence organization .
21	as it was thought impossible to take the city by force , mangrai sent a merchant named ai fa as a mole to gain the confidence of its king yi ba .
16	his second novel , extraordinary powers ( 1994 ) was about the discovery of a soviet mole in the highest ranks of the cia .
7	some rcmp testimony claimed he was a mole who left the plot just days before its execution because he was told to pull out , but the canadian government denied that report .
23	his recruitment to the svr appears to have occurred in the wake of a much publicized arrest of senior cia officer and moscow mole aldrich ames in february 1994 , which , in the words of cia veteran and author tennent bagley , had '' exposed extraordinary slackness of cia security procedures .
22	he is killed in the episode '' last man standing '' by agent michelle lee , and initially suspected of being a mole .
34	madame xanadu retorts that she does n't need to see the future to know that the justice league will defeat him , to which he replies that he already won since he has a mole in the justice league .
19	after the war he provided intelligence to the british , but they released him suspecting he was a soviet mole .
22	he would join the vichy regime 's prisoner of war aid society , the rassemblement national prisonniers de guerre , as a mole on behalf of the french resistance ; he was involved in the escape of general henri giraud .
17	after the opening of stasi archives , it was revealed that west germany was riddled with mfs-hva mole .
27	a string of failed missions from berlin to the bay of pigs invasion forces jack to conclude that the cia has been severely penetrated by a kgb mole .
34	in the episode , suave yet rude and belligerent spy sterling archer , prompted by questions regarding his expense account , breaks into the mainframe computer of his organization isis and inadvertently discovers a mole in the organization .
43	the first episode of the third series of bbc 's sherlock , '' the empty hearse '' , features a '' giant rat of sumatra road '' , the codename for a villainous politician , lord moran , who is acting as a mole for north korea and plans on detonating a bomb at an abandoned london underground station called sumatra road .
5	ars technica claimed via a mole , that the unit would be a '' keytar '' , and that the game would include pro mode .
17	i 've just scribbled a list of what i know for sure : i 've been a mole on a fake reality show called space cadets ; i have a russian doll in my hand luggage ; i 've just spent the past five days in a flight simulator in a hangar on the suffolk coast ; and - last but by no means least - i 've just spent the past five days in space .
55	lieber reveals that , in 1996 , '' adm ceo , mr. dwayne andreas , told the washington post that he had known about whitacre 's frauds for three years '' and speculates that whitacre was fired and turned over to the federal authorities only after adm learned he had been working as an fbi mole .
6	kanya , who is akkarat 's mole , discovers the new plague and sets about trying to contain it .
14	chemical potential is measured in units of energy/particle or , equivalently , energy / mole .
14	in modern terms , dulong and petit found that the heat capacity of a mole of many solid substances is about 3 r , where r is the modern constant called the universal gas constant .
24	the magnitude of the current ( in ampere ) and the duration of the current ( second ) can be used to determine the mole of the unknown species in solution .
47	sackur -- tetrode constant the sackur -- tetrode constant , written s 0 / r , is equal to s/kn evaluated at a temperature of t = 1 kelvin , at standard pressure ( 100 kpa or 101.325 kpa , to be specified ) , for one mole of an ideal gas composed of particles of mass equal to one atomic mass unit ( m u = ) .
13	the metre , kilogram , second , ampere , kelvin , candela and mole were defined as base units in this system and units formed from combinations of these base units were known as '' derived units '' .
7	c-mole is an abbreviation for a carbon mole .
23	the standard gibbs free energy of formation of a compound is the change of gibbs free energy that accompanies the formation of 1 mole of a substance in its standard state from its constituent elements in their standard states ( the most stable form of the element at 1 bar of pressure and the specified temperature , usually 298.15 k or 25 ° c ) .
19	molar volume taking stp to be 101.325 kpa and 273.15 k , we can find the volume of one mole of a gas : for 100.00 kpa and 273.15 k , the molar volume of an ideal gas is 22.712 dm 3 mol − 1 .
16	moving wire irms is quite sensitive , and samples containing as little as 1 nano - mole of carbon can yield precise ( within 1 ‰ ) results .
17	the afr in mass units is employed in fuel oil fired furnaces , while volume ( or mole ) units are used for natural gas fired furnaces .
13	an amount of light compatible with everyday experience is the energy of one mole of photons ; its energy can be computed by multiplying the photon energy by the avogadro constant , n a ≈ .
14	( ) , we have thus , the product of pressure and volume per mole is proportional to the average ( translational ) molecular kinetic energy .
11	johann josef loschmidt determines the exact number of molecules in a mole , later named avogadro 's number .
72	for example , lithium dissolves in liquid ammonia to give a solution of lithium amide : self-dissociation like water , ammonia undergoes molecular autoionisation to form its acid and base conjugates : at standard pressure and temperature , k = ( ) ( ) = 10 combustion the combustion of ammonia to nitrogen and water is exothermic : the standard enthalpy change of combustion , δ h ° c , expressed per mole of ammonia and with condensation of the water formed , is − 382.81 kj/mol .
2	in one mole of any element there are atoms ( avogadro 's constant ) .
53	the ccu proposed to in addition to the speed of light , define four constants of nature -- planck 's constant , an elementary charge , boltzmann constant and avogadro constant -- to have exact values retire the international prototype kilogram revise the current definitions of the kilogram , ampere , kelvin and mole to make use of the above four constants of nature tighten the wording of the definitions of all the base units the cipm meeting of october 2010 found that '' the conditions set by the general conference at its 23rd meeting have not yet been fully met .
4	alcoholic fermentation converts one mole of sucrose into four moles of ethanol and four moles of carbon dioxide , producing two moles of atp in the process .
30	the si base units and their physical quantities are : metre for length kilogram for mass second for time ampere for electric current kelvin for temperature candela for luminous intensity mole for the amount of substance .
46	for instance , the volume of a single-solute solution can be written as where v 0 is the extensive volume of the pure solvent and its molar volume ( at the same temperature and pressure as the solution ) , n 0 is the number of mole of solvent , is the apparent molar volume of the solute , and n 1 is the number of moles of the solute in the solution .
28	a number of authors have published criticisms of the revised definitions -- in particular that proposal had failed to address the impact of breaking the link between the mole , kilogram , the dalton , the avogadro constant and avogadro 's number .
3	generally a 2-10 mole % of this catalyst is used along with borane-tetrahydrofuran ( thf ) , borane-dimethylsulfide , borane - -diethylaniline , or diborane as the borane source .
2	one zepto mole ( zmol ) of substance contains 602 particles .
12	topics are usually covered earlier than normal ; for example , the mole is introduced in year 1 rather than in year 3 , some kinematics in year 1 instead of year 5 , and molecular biology and genetics in year 4 instead of year 6 .
23	one of the most significant deep eutectic phenomenon was observed for a mixture of choline chloride and urea in a 1 : 2 mole ratio , respectively .
52	also , lack of unique unit names leads to a great confusion : thus '' 15 emu '' may mean either 15 abvolt , or 15 emu units of electric dipole moment , or 15 emu units of magnetic susceptibility , sometimes ( but not always ) per gram , or per mole .
11	) is the faraday constant , the number of coulomb per mole of electrons : is the number of moles of electron transferred in the cell reaction or half-reaction is the reaction quotient .
9	avogadro constant , a chemical concept relating to the mole , discovered by amedeo avogadro .
5	2 seconds , so 1 mole of 238 u emits 3 alpha particles per second , producing the same number of thorium-234 ( th-234 ) atom .
38	specific heat specific heat , also called specific heat capacity , is defined as the amount of energy that has to be transferred to or from one unit of mass ( kilogram ) or amount of substance ( mole ) to change the system temperature by one degree .
11	alternatively , in chemistry , it is also referred to one mole of substance , in which case it is called the molar entropy with a unit of .
13	it is not unheard of for mexican americans to serve their turkey with mole and roasted corn .
27	a tiendas de chocolate mill in oaxaca , where customers can have roasted cocoa beans and spices ground for chocolate , or roasted chili pepper ground for mole .
64	neighborhood celebrations are held in cuernavaca , mostly for patron saints , they include 15 may , the feast of san isidro labrador ; 13 june , the feast of san antonio in the neighborhood of san antón , with aztec dances ; 6 august , the feast of the savior or the transfiguration in ocotepec , featuring the moors and christians dance , mole , and pulque ; 10 august the feast of san lorenzo in chamilpa ; 15 august , the festival of the assumption of mary in santa maría ahuacatilán ; and 8 september , festival of nuestra señora de los milagros in tlaltenango .
19	the ground cocoa is also an important ingredient in tejate and a number of savory foods , such as mole .
16	the most common fillings are pork and chicken , in either red or green salsa or mole .
32	some items typical of latin american cuisine include maize - based dishes ( tortilla , tamale , pupusa ) and various salsas and other condiments ( guacamole , pico de gallo , mole ) .
2	' ; mole : from mōlli , '' sauce '' ; nopal : from nohpalli , '' prickly pear cactus '' ; ocelot : from ocēlōtl ; peyote : from peyōtl .
12	in his own words : he is made of '' chile , mole and pasilla pepper '' ( ) .
3	food and drink mole is a typical dish from the area of oaxaca and puebla .
7	food such as cake , chicken with mole , hot chocolate , coffee , and atole are served .
58	for example , sushi in mexico is often made with a variety of sauces based on mango or tamarind , and very often served with serrano - chili-blended soy sauce , or complemented with vinegar , habanero and chipotle peppers the most internationally recognized dishes include chocolate , taco , quesadilla , enchilada , burrito , tamale and mole among others .
14	usually they are served with patties of dried shrimp , and potatoes in a mole sauce .
16	at the municipal market , foods such as mixiote , barbacoa , consume and turkey in mole can be found as well as pulque .
11	the most important example of this connection is the use of mole for special occasions and holidays , particularly in the south and center regions of the country .
5	green or red salsa or mole is poured over the crisp tortilla triangles , called totopo .
15	he became particularly noted for his inventive trees of life , diversifying themes to include mole , other religious stories and festivals such as day of the dead .
6	the feet can be seasoned with mole sauce .
11	eating out : the highlights of their food jocoque , the mole , tacos , gorditas , birria , and barbecued meat in marinade ; their desserts , capirotada and cajeta ; their beverages atole , mezcal , pulque , ponche and wine .
11	examples of these foods include tamale , tortilla , tostadas , mole , menudo , pozole , sopes , chile relleno and enchilada .
4	as an ingredient in mole dishes , they are known in spanish as pipián .
13	mexican mulato chiles are part of the famous '' trinity '' used in mole , as well as other mexican sauces and stews .
19	they bring 12 turkeys , pan de yema , chocolate , clayudas , and ingredients to make the traditional mole dish as offerings .
32	on its saints day , the town of otumba lays out a carpet of flower petals on the atrium of the church along with decorative floral portals , dances , barbacoa and mole .
9	local specialties here include ningüijute , a seed-based pork mole , chispola , a beef and vegetable stew and pictes , a sweet corn tamale .
5	cuisine regional cuisine consists of mole accompanied with white rice , beef stew , pork liver with scrambled egg ( for breakfast ) and typical drinks as chocolate , chocolate atole , tejate , and mescal .
43	some known dishes alegría , a candy made from puffed amaranth and boiled-down honey or maguey sap , in ancient times formed into the shapes of aztec gods balché , mayan fermented honey drink champurrado , a chocolate drink chili guacamole huarache mezcal mole pejelagarto , a fish with an alligator-like head seasoned with the amashito chile and lime pozole pulque or octli , an alcoholic beverage of fermented maguey juice salsa taco tamale tepache , pineapple beer tlacoyo ( gordita ) corn tortilla pupusa , thick cornmeal flatbread from the pipil culture of el salvador xocolātl native american cuisine of south america roast guinea pig ( cuy ) ceviche cheese-filled arepa chipa , cheese bread andean cultures this currently includes recipes known from the quechua , aymara and nazca of the andes .
7	typical foods include mixiotes , barbacoa , mole with turkey , tocatlán style chicken along with crystallized fruit and a dessert item called '' muégano .
23	food and festivals dishes of the area include mixiote , tlacoyo with fava beans , pinto beans and requeson , cecina , green mole with chicken or pork , and pork in chile mulato but a very local specialty is tamal with capulin ( a type of cherry ) and corn .
23	formed from '' mojado '' ( wet or dripping ) probably referring to the mint leaves in the well known cuba drink ; mole : from spanish , from nahuatl molle or molli ( '' sauce '' ) ; montana : from montaña , a mountain ; mosquito : from mosquito , literally '' little fly '' ; mulatto : from spanish or portuguese mulato meaning '' octoroon , sambo '' .
9	some examples of the typical food are pozole , mole and barbacoa mass with .
5	was born from a prehistoric mole fossil .
3	professor molo a mole , the secondary antagonist .
14	zizrar ( voiced by scott mcneil ) - zizrar is the king of the mole people who lives underground and often attempts to take over the world only to fail due to his intense aversion to light .
86	examples include emlék ( '' a ( piece of ) memory '' ) , farok ( '' tail '' ) , köldök ( '' navel '' ) , könyök ( '' elbow '' ) , sarok ( '' corner '' / '' heel '' ) , pocok ( '' vole '' ) , püspök ( '' bishop '' ) , érsek ( '' archbishop '' ) , szemöldök ( '' eyebrow '' ) , zsák ( '' sack '' ) etc. -- the name of the mole used to be vakondok but this form took on a plural meaning and the word is mostly used today as vakond .
11	the name m.o.l. refers to the dutch word mol which means mole in english .
15	sad man has a puppet called '' decimole '' , as for him being a mole .
3	: a robotic mole chunin , his mastery of '' space ninpou : land-escape '' made him needed for a task to dig up the jakanja subway .
10	name the name is derived from the japanese word for mole .
11	bakuryū ( first ) / kōryū , real name is a mole zoanthrope and a self-styled master of the traditional ninja arts .
23	karl dönitz was reputed to have claimed that '' an aircraft can no more kill a u-boat than a crow can kill a mole '' .
6	gameplay the player controls the titular mole who has to travel around a coal mine collecting pieces of coal and other miscellaneous objects while avoiding various nasties and the infamous crushers .
11	don resetti ( ラケットさん raketto-san ) - don resetti is a mole who works at the reset intervention bureau ( which was later renamed the resetti surveillance center ) and is the younger brother of mr. resetti .
4	henk henk is a mole .
15	nemo can ride certain animals such as a frog , a gorilla , or a mole , by feeding them candy .
6	mol : beast mode is mechanical mole .
9	colored dyes were created from plants containing tannin , mole , or walnut ; and minerals , such as clay , ferruginosa , or mordant aluminum ; as well as animals , such as cochineal .
6	each hole contains a single plastic mole and the machinery necessary to move it up and down .
31	to make puddle , clay or heavy loam is chopped with a spade and mixed into a plastic state with water and sometimes coarse sand or grit to discourage excavation by mole or water vole .
14	his first novel , duncton wood , an allegorical tale about a community of mole , was published in 1980 .
8	the fist ones are , for example : mole , shrew , dormice ... geography there are four distinct areas of interest in the reserve : the estuary .
5	eileen roberts , a female mole who works at a local coffee shop , previously alongside margaret smith , has strong feelings for rigby and makes this very obvious .
44	among the mammals are the wild boar , the fox ( '' òrba '' ) , the badger ( '' tasciola '' ) , the dormouse ( '' agliéri '' ) , the hedgehog , the weasel ( '' nìzzela '' ) , the mole ( '' tupanàra '' ) and others can be seen .
13	bestiae is a defunct taxon that contained pig , armadillo , hedgehog , mole , shrew , and opossum .
76	there are colonies of herons and cormorants ( including pygmy cormorant ) , and other species include white-tailed eagle , buzzards , eurasian sparrowhawk , common spoonbill , western marsh harrier , montagu 's harrier , red-breasted goose , ferruginous duck , osprey , wild goose , stork , heron , woodcock etc. variety of mammals include wild hog , roe deer , red fox , european brown hare , muskrat , bat , hedgehog , mole , weasel , hamster , european ground squirrel , european polecat , etc. nature reserve special nature reserve of stari begej-carska bara was proclaimed in 1955 , with status being revised in 1995 .
4	) , chipmunk , mole and bat ( especially the little brown bat ( myotis lucifugus ) ) may be taken occasionally .
38	explicit list these are the animals considered to be impure according to and : bat camel chameleon coney ( hyrax ) cormorant cuckow eagle ferret gier eagle glede great owl hare hawk heron kite lapwing little owl lizard mole mouse night hawk osprey ossifrage owl pelican pig raven snail stork swine tortoise vulture weasel frog reasons some scholars , especially secular ones , have conjectured that the jewish concept of '' unclean animals '' arose out of public health concerns by community leaders , since , in the conditions of the times , some of those animals are indeed more likely to cause food poisoning or transmit diseases to people who consume them .
23	the desman , a snouted and naked-tailed diving insectivore of the tribe desmanini , belongs to one of two eurasian species of the mole family , talpidae .
8	rené la taupe ( english : rené the mole ) is a virtual singing character created in 2009 by fox mobile group studios .
9	he listed several species of the family talpidae ( mole and related species ) from vieux collonges , including '' espèce c '' ( '' species c '' ) , which he named as a new genus and species , veratalpa lugdunensiana , in a footnote .
13	ratzi investigates another of the suicides , that of professor tope ( a mole ) , pioneer of automaton engineering .
22	exmouth decided to assign them to cover the main force from algerian flanking batteries , as there was insufficient space in the mole for the dutch frigates .
9	he besieged the port of bononia , building a mole across the harbor mouth to prevent the rebels from escaping by sea and ensure they could not receive maritime aid , and invaded batavia in the rhine delta , securing his rear against carausius 's frankish allies .
4	she passed the outer mole at 18 : 24 and capsized about four minutes later .
26	the site the site of alsium is clearly fixed by the distance from porto , at the modern village of palo , with a fort and mole of the 17th century , in the construction of which many ancient materials have been used .
9	map location : this beach is just inside the mole which shields the river entrance and the port area of portimão , and runs north to the forte de são joão do arade .
35	the first cruise ship was the sunward in 1969 , which docked at the navy 's pier in the truman annex or the privately owned pier b. the navy 's pier is called the navy mole .
14	part of the wharf was filled in between 1879 and 1882 , creating a mole .
5	dunkerque was tied alongside the mole with her stern facing the sea , so she could not return fire .
12	the tyrians used the fire ship in attempt to destroy alexander 's mole .
34	in addition to houses , some of which are decorated with mosaics and wallpaintings , a number of public buildings have come to light , such as those in the agora and the harbor mole .
10	he first built his own harbor alongside and constructed a mole from which he deployed a floating spiked boom but demetrius never succeeded in taking the harbor .
9	on 1 march 1917 an fl-boat hit the nieuwpoort mole and on 28 october 1917 one hit the royal navy monitor erebus .
18	dundas took naiad in and anchored at 1330 that afternoon , while the belleisle was warped into the mole .
23	he participated in the famous raid on zeebrugge led by commodore roger keyes , cmbs being used to lay smoke screens outside the mole to cover the escape of the crews of the blockships .
18	this area , called the '' rock creek basin '' by the canal company , which included a mole , causeway , and waste weir was completed in 1831 .
26	inscription reads : to the glory of god and in memory of these three officers and one mechanic of the royal navy who fell on the mole at zeebrugge on st george 's day 1918 and have no known grave wing commander brock f. a. o.b.e. lieutenant commander harrison a. l . v.c. lieutenant hawkins c.e.v. mechanic second class f/50269 rouse j. wing commander frank arthur brock ( 29 june 1888 -- 23 april 1918 ) was a british officer of the royal air force who devised and executed the smoke screen used during the zeebrugge raid on 23 april 1918 , in the british royal navy 's attempt to neutralize the key belgian port of bruges-zeebrugge during the first world war .
10	in the summer of 1548 , the french observed the mole was provided with a flanker and cannon ; the english insisted it was merely to protect the workmen .
22	in the 1950s the town became popular as a beach resort and a rural life village due to the construction of a mole , to inhibit the spread of tidal sands into the mouth of the otago harbour and was surveyed and amalgamated as a suburb of port chalmers borough .
41	the inner harbor was begun in 1518 by khair-ad-din barbarossa ( see history , below ) , who , to accommodated his pirate vessels , caused the island on which was fort penon to be connected with the mainland by a mole .
14	the place was defended by two batteries mounting three heavy guns each on the mole , a tower with one gun and a battery with two guns .
24	on 22/23 april 1918 , captain carpenter was in command of vindictive which was to land a force of 200 royal marines on the mole at zeebrugge at the start of the zeebrugge raid .
28	the ferries had a shallow draft , allowing them to skim over the mines floating beneath the surface , and were robust enough to approach the heavily defended mole curling into the north sea .
7	the new fort was constructed as a mole linked to the mainland by a wooden bridge .
6	motya falls beginning of the motya mole connecting the city to the mainland .
25	the smaller breakwater was built as part of the preparations for the visit of the rms mauretania and is sometimes known as the '' mauretania mole '' .
8	the torpedoes fired at the budapest struck the mole of the seaplane station , but wien was hit twice and capsized in five minutes , killing 46 of the crew .
10	the islands of pomègues and ratonneau are connected by a mole built in 1822 .
7	when the russians occupied trabzon , a mole was built .
8	stone from kjerringberget was used to build a mole in korsvika .
6	when the ship neared the zeebrugge mole she cast the two ferries aside .