14	john attended berklee college of music in boston with childhood friend john myung ( bass ) , where they met future bandmate mike portnoy ( drums ) .
31	the members at this time consisted of carey bennett ( rhythm guitar ) , brett oliver ( lead guitar ) , matt harper ( drums ) , and chris comeau ( bass ) .
7	personnel geddy lee - lead vocals , bass , synthesizer alex lifeson - guitar neil peart - drums , percussion terry brown -- engineer hugh syme -- design george graves -- mastering on original album bob ludwig -- remastering remaster details a remaster was issued in 1997 .
7	personnel paul mccartney -- double-tracked vocal , bass , lead guitar john lennon -- backing vocal , electric piano george harrison -- backing vocal , lead and rhythm guitar ringo starr -- drums , percussion cover versions restless heart released a cover version on their 2004 album still restless .
42	members current members reagan jones - vocals , songwriting , keyboards andrew sega - keyboards , guitar , programming , production former members matthew morris - keyboards , programming , production additional touring members ned kirby ( stromkern ) - keyboards , bass brian pearson - guitars blitz carthey - drums discography studio albums disconnect ( 1999 ) awakening ( 2003 ) wrath ( 2005 ) blacklight ( 2010 ) radiant ( 2014 ) other albums reconnect ( 2003 ) - remix album , accompaniment to disconnect .
11	music finch began her musical career in the mid 1980s playing bass in the san francisco - based all-female band called sugar baby doll ( or variously , sugar babylon ) .
19	his tie-in ` trio on the train track tour ' included a new live band comprising chris morrissey on bass , vocals & keyboard and mark stepro on drums , vocals , glockenspiel , percussion & '' whatever else he feels like '' during appearances in the united states .
34	lemmy was brought on board to play the kill master after schafer and his team had developed the character 's role in the story who assists eddie by healing his allies through a giant bass harp on the back of a chopper .
13	marc ribot -- guitar , vocals chris wood -- guitar sebastian steinberg -- bass dougie bowne -- drums tracks 8 -- 9 were recorded live at cbgb , new york ( december 1992 ) .
31	the defranco family recorded at united western recorders studios in hollywood with accompaniment by wrecking crew veterans hal blaine on drum , larry carlton on guitar , and max bennett on bass .
23	personnel george harrison -- double-tracked vocals , handclaps , lead guitar john lennon -- handclaps , rhythm guitar paul mccartney -- handclaps , bass ringo starr -- handclaps , drums electric light orchestra electric light orchestra 's ( elo ) elaborate eight-minute reworking of '' roll over beethoven '' , appearing on the album elo 2 in 1973 , included an opening musical quote from beethoven 's fifth symphony and clever interpolations of material from the symphony 's first movement into berry 's song .
15	track listing personnel ; switchfoot jon foreman -- guitar , lead vocals tim foreman -- bass , backing vocals chad butler -- drums , percussion jerome fontamillas -- keyboard , guitar , backing vocals andrew shirley -- guitar , backing vocals ; additional musicians keith tutt , ii -- cello rob machado -- guest choir vocal ( '' always '' ) tracks 1 , 5 -- 8 and 10 -- 12 recorded at spot x , san diego .
51	track listing singles '' everywhere '' -- july 24 , 2001 '' all you wanted '' -- january 22 , 2002 '' goodbye to you '' -- august 20 , 2002 personnel michelle branch -- guitar , keyboards , vocals kenny aronoff -- drum vinnie colaiuta -- drums john shanks -- bass , guitar , keyboards patrick warren -- keyboards production producers : john shanks , jeremy welt engineers : marc desisto , lars fox assistant engineers : steve kaplan , tom nellen , chris reynolds , jason schweitzer mixing : marc desisto , chris lord-alge , dave way mastering : stephen marcussen pro-tools : lars fox programming : lars fox , john shanks production coordination : shari sutcliffe art direction : kim biggs , david harlan photography : matthew welch charts commercial performance the spirit room debuted at number 28 with 68,000 copies sold on 200 .
14	it features cameo appearances by saadiq , who appears at the beginning playing the bass , and cohen , who is shown at the end doing a mural of stone 's face ( reminiscent of her face on the cover of 2004 's mind body & soul ) .
17	track listing personnel jón þór birgisson -- vocals , guitar kjartan sveinsson -- keyboards georg hólm -- bass orri páll dýrason -- drums strings : amiina ( on tracks 2,3,4,5,8 and 9 , recorded in kjartan sveinsson 's livingroom and langholtskirkja ) hildur ársælsdóttir edda rún ólafsdóttir maria huld markan sigfúsdóttir sólrún sumarliðadóttir brass ( on tracks 2 , 4 and 11 ) performed by : e. friðfinnsson helgi hrafn jónsson i.g. erlendsson k. håkonarson samúel jón samúelsson s. sigurðarson s.j. bernharðsson tambourine , claps and other noises by siggi frendi , höddi gunni , john best , sunray and breeze .
18	the original lineup consisted of don fleming ( vocals and guitar ) , eric vermillion ( vocals , bass ) , and jay spiegel ( drums ) .
21	; green day billie joe armstrong -- lead vocals , guitar , harmonica on '' walking alone '' mike dirnt -- bass , backing vocals , baseball bat on '' desensitized '' tré cool -- drums , bongo , tambourine ; additional musicians petra haden -- violin on '' hitchin ' a ride '' and '' last ride in '' conan mccallum -- violin on '' good riddance ( time of your life ) '' gabrial mcnair , stephen bradley -- horn david campbell -- strings arranger ; production rob cavallo ; green day -- producer ken allardyce -- recording , engineer tony flores , mike dy , barry goldberg , bill kinsley , wes seidman -- additional engineers chris lord-alge -- mixing snorri brothers -- photography chris bilheimer -- photography , art direction , design chart positions weekly charts certifications references notes bibliography diehl , matt .
3	he currently plays bass and guitar in the scottish indie pop band belle & sebastian , after joining in 2001 to replace departing bassist stuart david , and had previously been in v-twin .
45	final members ( 1986 - 2009 ) : bjørn jensen alias '' bertel '' -- guitar and vocals ( founding member ) , jarle farestveit alias '' hallstein '' -- accordion and vocals ( founding member ) , gunnar låstad alias '' ruball '' -- bass and vocals , arild totland alias '' belbert '' -- drums and vocals , øyvind østerbø alias '' øyvind '' -- guitar and vocals , gunnar polden -- light and sound technichan .
12	the 2007 line-up consists of roberts on vocals , dan brown on bass ( formerly of ilya ) , childs ( vocals/tambourines/producer / arranger ) , dan moore ( keyboards -- has played with cousteau , fred wesley , and roni size ) , and jock ( drum -- an illustrator for dc comics ) .
20	teofil nelu peter ( april 11 , 1954 -- december 4 , 2004 ) was a romania rock musician and bass player for compact .
12	each member was a multi-instrumentalist and they shared duties on guitar , bass , percussion , keyboards .
6	history with guitar blake gardner , bass martyn basha , and larry van kriedt on saxophone and programming respectively , the band released their first ep water in 1990 .
18	the participants were alf vierth ( vocals ) , björn eriksson ( drums ) , elä malmberg ( bass , background vocals ) , harald berthelsen ( mandolin , tin whistle , background vocals ) , martin linder ( saxophone , background vocals ) , rickard elofsson ( trumpet , background vocals ) , stefan ståhl ( guitar , background vocals ) , svante sörmark ( guitar , background vocals ) and viktor brobacke ( trombone , harmonica , vocals on rätt sätt and background vocals ) .
43	the original members of super 8 cum shot , performing on the recording are : john kamys aka jinx titanic vocals , jeff kust aka g.i. tarbaby barbra guitar , mitch marlow aka machine gun garafalo guitar , chris sewell aka dax malkovich bass , timothy ford aka posey ( t-mint ) parker drums .
23	the band is the brainchild of singer / guitar jf coley , joined by jocelyn blanchette on the drums and david jalbert on bass .
17	the band was founded in cardiff in 1968 by rob ingram on guitar and jeff harrad on bass .
27	'' personnel axl rose -- lead vocals , backing vocals , production slash -- lead guitar , acoustic guitar , slide guitar , production duff mckagan -- bass , backing vocals , production matt sorum -- drums , production alice cooper -- lead vocals shannon hoon -- backing vocals west arkeen -- acoustic guitar '' garden of eden '' according to slash , the song , which appears as track 12 , was written while the band was rehearsing for an extended period of time in chicago .
15	beginning in 2003 , the band 's line-up includes : andy calvert ( vocals , bass ) , richard steinmeyer ( vocals , banjo ) , zach lively ( vocals , guitar , harmonica ) , travis hembree ( accordion , washboard ) , and tony kistka ( drums ) .
39	'' track listing reception credits ; musicians michael kiske - vocals amanda somerville - vocals magnus karlsson - lead and rhythm guitar , keyboards , additional production sander gommans - lead guitar jimmy kresic - keyboards mat sinner - bass , backing vocals , producer martin schmidt - drums ramy ali - drums recorded at stuntguitar studios , audiospezialist studios , level 10 , liquid home studio and hdk studios achim kohler - mixing and mastering at indiscreet studios .
12	sebastian steinberg ( born february 20 , 1959 ) is an american bass player , best known for his work in the band soul coughing .
43	in 1989 , what became the final jazz messengers lineup was established : brian lynch on trumpet , javon jackson and dale barlow on tenors , steve davis and/or frank lacy on trombone , geoff keezer on piano and essiet okon essiet on bass .
14	'' isis and osiris '' , on which charlie haden replaces cecil mcbee on bass , and vishnu wood plays oud , indicates coltrane 's interest in middle east and north africa music and culture .
29	the lineup consists of rebecca frazier ( née hoggan ) on guitar , john frazier on mandolin and occasionally fiddle , kyle tuttle on banjo , royal masat on bass , and shad cobb on fiddle .
22	track listing recorded at van gelder studio in englewood cliffs , new jersey on january 10 , 1973 personnel ron carter - bass , arranger , conductor hubert laws - flute ( tracks 1 , 5 & 6 ) richard tee - electric piano , piano ( tracks 1 , 4 & 5 ) bob james - piano ( tracks 2 , 3 & 6 ) gene bertoncini ( track 5 ) , sam brown ( track 3 ) - guitar billy cobham - drums ralph macdonald - percussion ( tracks 1 & 4-6 ) robert honablue - engineer reception allmusic reviewer nathan bush states '' blues farm ' s excursions are enjoyable , but somewhat reserved .
3	he switched to bass in 1932 , remaining with lunceford 's orchestra until 1942 .
7	the opening motif played by cello and bass is repeated throughout the movement .
16	'' as well as carter , the band featured two saxophone , trumpet , piano , bass and drum .
20	'' additionally , thom bennet ( drums ) , rod olstad ( vocals and violin ) , taras zakordonski ( bass ) , and maria cherwick ( violin ) worked on '' big beet music .
24	he plays various string instruments such as acoustic and classic guitar , indian sarod , persia tar , turkish jumbush , moroccan ginberi and bass .
8	these people 's folk music consisted of bowed bass , fiddle and sometimes a clarinet , with the later additions of drum , accordion and guitar .
15	raised on the road in a show-business family , she learned to play cello , bass , banjo , violin , mandolin , harp , accordion , clarinet , trumpet , and saxophone at professional levels by the time she was 15 .
14	the two versions of ayler 's band heard on the record both feature two bass players , which '' sharpens the sound considerably , producing a rock-solid foundation for ayler 's raw witness '' .
44	track listing the 1959 vinyl album ; side one the 2006 cd rerelease personnel thelonious monk piano donald byrd trumpet eddie bert trombone robert northern french horn jay mcallister tuba phil woods alto saxophone charlie rouse tenor saxophone pepper adams baritone saxophone sam jones bass art taylor drums tributes as from 2010 , american jazz pianist jason moran went on tour with his project in my mind , a multimedia presentation heavily inspired by thelonious monk 's concert at the town hall .
16	his knowledge of executing different musical instruments , led him to play the guitar , the bass , and the typical string instrument of puerto rico , the cuatro , for the ponce high vocal group .
11	some of his orchestral innovations included the addition of the five-string bass and the pedal timpani ; the pedal timpani have since become standard instruments in the symphony orchestra .
20	it was recorded in nashville and features sammy shelor on banjo , adam steffey on mandolin , tim dishman on bass , tim crouch on fiddle , scott coney on guitar and rob ickes on resonator guitar .
4	with christian mcbride ( bass ) and jack dejohnette ( drums ) .
11	track listing personnel serge chaloff -- baritone saxophone everett evans -- bass boots mussulli -- alto saxophone herb pomeroy -- trumpet ray santisi -- piano jimmy zitano -- drums release history boston blow-up !
32	track listing all songs written by tommy flanagan except as indicated personnel idrees sulieman -- trumpet john coltrane -- tenor saxophone tommy flanagan -- piano kenny burrell -- guitar doug watkins -- bass louis hayes -- drums on '' how long has this been going on '' sulieman , coltrane and burrell are pausing .
34	edwards came from a family of accomplished musicians , so that by age five he began playing a variety of string instruments including the steel guitar , banjo , mandolin , violin , and bass .
16	trio : harry connick , jr. ( vocals , piano ) ; benjamin jonah wolfe ( bass ) ; shannon powell ( drums ) .
43	'' ruan ( solo piano ) '' - 3 : 42 recorded at avatar studio , new york city on november 9 , 1997 mark feldman -- violin marc ribot -- guitar erik friedlander -- cello min xiao-fen -- pipa greg cohen -- bass anthony coleman -- piano latin boys go to hell ( 1997 ) directed by ela troyano 12 .
21	side one side two personnel the dave brubeck quartet dave brubeck -- piano paul desmond -- alto saxophone eugene wright -- bass joe morello -- drums production teo macero -- producer fred plaut -- engineer s. neil fujita -- cover artwork seth rothstein -- project director russell gloyd -- reissue producer mark wilder -- reissue remastering cozbi sanchez-cabrera -- reissue art direction charts ; album billboard ( north america ) ; singles billboard ( north america ) sales and certifications time out was the first jazz album to sell more than a million copies .
11	her second marriage was in december 1947 , to the famous bass player ray brown , whom she had met while on tour with dizzy gillespie 's band a year earlier .
2	he played bass , guitar , and saxophone .
9	radcliffe was self-taught on the guitar , piano , bass , vibes and drums , preferring to write using his goya acoustic guitar because of its portability .
40	track listing personnel per liner notes bo diddley -- vocals , guitar jerome green -- co-lead vocals on '' say man , back again '' , maraca , background vocals peggy jones -- guitar , background vocals willie dixon -- bass clifton james -- drum frank kirkland -- drums jody williams -- guitar lafayette leake -- piano lester davenport -- harmonica on '' spanish guitar '' charts '' say man , back again '' reached # 23 on the b singles chart .
16	its members were milenko stefanović - clarinet , vojislav đonović - guitar and aleksandar nećak - bass .
7	the original lineup consisted of harrison on bass and sands on guitar , with roger stamper on fiddle and charlie '' wichita '' wagoner playing mandolin .
26	vilém heš ( 1889 ) vilém heš ( 3 june 1860 , týnec nad labem - 4 january 1908 , vienna ) was a czech opera bass .
4	with his exceptionally low bass voice he was offered a position in the opera .
14	norman allin ( 19 november 1884 -- 27 october 1973 ) was a british bass singer of the early and mid twentieth century , and later a teacher of voice .
12	in the meantime he studied to be an opera singer , a bass .
33	folke jonsson , photographed in 1939 in skansen sweden folke henry jonsson ( 9 june 1904 in ängelholm sweden 7 december 1981 in sollentuna ) was a swedish opera singer who sang leading bass roles primarily at the royal swedish opera and in other scandinavia opera houses for many years .
14	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for soprano , alto , tenor and bass soloists , a four-part choir , horn , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
3	49 , for bass , 1882 -- 1897 four songs , op .
21	two of schikaneder 's blood relatives were also his professional associates : urban schikaneder ( 1746 -- 1818 ) , a bass , was emanuel 's older brother .
25	scoring and structure the cantata was scored for four vocalist soloists : diana , soprano i pales , soprano ii endymion , tenor pan , bass the instrumental parts comprised two horns , two recorders , two oboes , taille , bassoon , two violins , viola , cello , violone , and continuo .
19	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , cornett , trombone , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
19	tenor in choral music in four-part mixed chorus , the tenor is the second lowest voice , above the bass and below the soprano and alto .
28	johann ignaz ludwig fischer ( c. 18 august 1745 -- 10 july 1825 ) , commonly called ludwig fischer , was a german opera singer , a notable bass of his time .
9	at the close of the gala , the renowned bass feodor chaliapin read an emotional farewell speech in both italian and russian .
9	walter schneider ( 1878-1935 ) was a german operatic bass .
16	from these derive both the modern terms '' alto '' ( and contralto ) and '' bass '' .
16	scoring and structure the cantata in eight movements is scored for alto , tenor , and bass soloists , a four-part choir , recorder , two violin , two viola and basso continuo .
12	it is scored for piano , two male voices ( tenor and bass ) and three female voices ( 2 soprano , 1 mezzo-soprano ) the comic plot revolves around a young girl , emma , and her harried father who proclaims his disbelief in santa claus and talking snowmen .
4	his voice type is bass .
19	composition the piece is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto or contralto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two flute , piccolo , two oboe , two clarinet in b-flat , two bassoon , four horns , two trumpet in c , three trombone , tuba , strings , timpani , four percussionists , two harp , and pianoforte .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , trumpet , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
6	as a young man he sang bass in the church choir , in the san diego bach chorus , in choral workshops under roger wagner at san diego state university , and in madrigal groups for '' dancing on the green '' , an elizabethan-era folk dancing event held in front of the old globe .
6	he went on to play the bass part of caiphas , plus the screaming tenor of pilate .
15	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for three soloists -- soprano , tenor and bass -- a four-part choir , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , viola d'amore and basso continuo .
18	this is perhaps the most common type , usually consisting of soprano , alto , tenor , and bass voices , often abbreviated as satb .
31	scoring and structure in the weimar version , bach scored the cantata four vocal soloists ( soprano ( s ) , alto ( a ) , tenor ( t ) and bass ) ( b ) , a four-part choir , and an orchestra of three trumpet ( tr ) , timpani ( ti ) , recorder ( fl ) or flauto traverso ( ft ) , oboe d'amore ( oa ) , two violin ( vl ) , two viola ( va ) , bassoon ( fg ) , cello ( vc ) , and basso continuo ( bc ) .
17	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for three vocal soloists ( soprano , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , four trombone , oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo ( fagotto and organo are explicitly indicated ) .
20	scoring and structure the work in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , four trombone , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
10	his 1933 english-language recording , with his countryman the acclaimed bass malcolm mceachern , of '' the gendarmes ' duet '' from offenbach 's opera geneviève de brabant is an enduring classic of the gramophone .
19	matus tomko ( born february 4 , 1978 , vranov nad toplou ) is a slovak opera singer ( bass ) .
19	brothers lodovico graziani 's three brothers who became professional singers were : giuseppe ( 1819 1905 ) , a bass ; francesco ( 1828 1901 ) , a baritone ; and vincenzo ( 1836 1906 ) , also a baritone .