10	as sylvester prepares to knock the bulldog out with a club , the train heads into a tunnel , slamming sylvester in the face into the bridge above it .
8	the symbols are a uatogi ( a war club , epitomizing the government 's power ) and a fue ( a fly-whisk , representing the wisdom of traditional samoan leaders ) .
13	others such as california have general prohibitions against the carrying of all '' club '' weapons by non-law enforcement .
20	it is forced wedding not unlike a shotgun wedding named after a knobstick , which is a type of wooden club .
8	the goedendag was essentially a combination of a club with a spear .
12	however , some biologists suggest that the structure more closely resembles a club .
12	this stone has been used by the great basin tribes for war club and pipes that are jet black with a high gloss when polished .
4	tipstaves ( the short club after which the office is named ) on display at bedford museum history crossed tipstaffs within a wreath - rank of police assistant chief constable or commander in the uk the office of the tipstaff is thought to have been created in the 14th century .
17	ubayid is lady zenadia 's personal armsmaster , who protects her estate and provides the vipers with club and other weapons at her behest .
34	form ` kataore ' , mere pounamu ( 42cm x 12cm ) maori chief holding a mere weapon ( 1860 -- 1879 ) the mere is a , leaf shape , form of short club .
19	cj bolland contributed a mix of '' in your blood '' on bford9 and '' fetish '' was a club hit in both the uk and the us .
8	collaboration with martin 101 followed , then a club track with smokin ' jo and pete gleadhall ( pet shop boys ) called '' strip down ( nude ) '' , and several tracks fronting ichi ni san with harj and kriss darang .
21	he was offered a recording contract with cobra records , but turned it down because he made more money with his club gig .
23	the tour was divided into seven segments : check-in , mystic lounge , mystic garden , the onyx zone , security cameras , club and the encore .
19	his first success was his remix of dj sakin 's '' protect your mind '' , which became a club track .
11	'' party 's just begun ( again ) '' was a club - only single released exclusively in the u.s. before the album 's availability in stores , and it was included on the soundtrack of the 1999 film brokedown palace .
21	originally released in the united kingdom in 1986 on the bolts records label , '' male stripper '' was a big club hit throughout the autumn and peaked at no. 64 on the uk singles chart .
15	he was the first latin artist to perform at the legendary new york city punk club cbgb in 1976 .
20	singles in april 2006 , a remix of '' no hay igual '' featuring calle 13 was issued as a club single in the us .
9	it is a hip hop song with influences of club music , and is backed by a looped production containing elements of synthesizer and string instrument , and a repetitive bassline .
2	when a club ( such as band , theatre , or any sport ) from a junior high enters a competition , it is placed with other schools in that same ranking .
11	united north piha lifeguard service is a new zealand surf lifesaving club located on north piha beach on the west coast of auckland , new zealand .
17	chains were frequently decorated with a silver or enamel pendant , often carrying the arms of some club or society , which by association also became known as a fob .
21	linda now travels all over the nation and around the world for her performances making appearances in numerous casino venues , club venues and outdoor festival venues .
8	functioning collegia could function as guild , social club , or burial societies ; in practice , in ancient rome , they sometimes became organized bodies of local businessmen and even criminals , who ran the mercantile/criminal activities in a given urban region , or rione .
2	some lowrider club have weekly gatherings in the summer where owners of lowriders and friends will have a barbecue followed by cruising a popular drag ( or strip ) after dark .
17	the legal ombudsman can investigate complaints made by members of the public ( and small business , club and charities ) about the service they receive from lawyers working in england and wales .
10	the park is the official ground for the association football club cwmfelin press a.f.c . the park also has a playplace where young children can play .
33	rucksack ( more commonly called a backpack in u.s. english ) schuss , literally : shot ( ski ) down a slope at high speed turner , a gymnast turnverein , a gymnastics club or society volksmarsch / volkssport / volkswanderung , non-competitive fitness walking other aspects of everyday life -- bahn as a suffix , e.g. infobahn , after autobahn blücher , a half-boot named after prussian field marshal gebhard leberecht von blücher ( 1742 -- 1819 ) ; also a hand in the british card game napoleon .
9	grand army of the republic hall is a historic club building located at johnstown , cambria county , pennsylvania .