9	54 can be written as the sum of three square in three different ways : .
18	an american-style crossword grid layout a crossword is a word puzzle that normally takes the form of a square or a rectangular grid of white and black shaded squares .
38	there were numerous reasons why tatra designers took such a revolutionary approach to the conception of the new car : first of all it was the aim to reduce drag , mostly air-drag , which increases with the square of speed .
11	concrete wading pools come in many shapes , traditionally rectangle , square or circle .
16	a part of that definition may be singled out ( using parentheses here ) : a square : ( a quadrilateral that has interior angles which are all right angles ) , and that has bounding sides which all have the same length .
1	this square had historically been the site of large protests , such as the violent suppression of the jeans revolution that took place after the disputed 2006 presidential election .
16	he also proved that the area of a circle was equal to π multiplied by the square of the radius of the circle ( πr 2 ) .
5	a semiprime is either a square of a prime or square-free .
21	video the video features d mob and singing in front of people with yellow mask in the shapes of triangle , square and circle , with the occasional mask of an eye .
24	the diamond-shaped tufa blocks were placed with the pointed ends into the cement core at an angle of roughly 45 degrees , so the square bases formed a diagonal pattern , and the pattern of mortar lines resembled a net .
7	other now-famous companies such as enix , square and nihon falcom also produced similar eroge in the early 1980s before they became famous for their mainstream role-playing games .
7	east valley school district encompasses approximately 100 square miles , extending from butler road east to the idaho border and from the spokane river north to the foothills of mount spokane .
10	equivalently , a powerful number is the product of a square and a cube , that is , a number m of the form m = a 2 b 3 , where a and b are positive integers .
1	the square where the main entrance of lisbon zoo is located is named after him and his body was moved to the national pantheon alongside some former portuguese presidents .
15	the sequence of stella octangula numbers begins ljunggren 's equation there are only two positive square stella octangula numbers , 1 and 9653449 = 3107 2 = ( 13 239 ) 2 , corresponding to n = 1 and n = 169 respectively .
5	for example , quasitruncating the square gives a regular octagram , and quasitruncating the cube gives the uniform stellated truncated hexahedron .
9	the 99t also makes appearances in rad racer from square and continental circus from taito , both released in 1987 .
17	in base ten , 26 is the smallest number that is not a palindrome to have a square ( 26 ^ 2 = 676 ) which is a palindrome .
9	is a 1999 video game developed and published by square .
12	the only number which has 12 as its aliquot sum is the square 121 .
5	in mathematics eighty-one is the square of 9 and the fourth power of 3 .
5	prior to the merger of square and enix in 2003 , enix did not initially have a localization department and outsourced its western releases to translators who had no close contact with the original development teams .
12	gems normal gems come in seven different colors and shapes such as square - shaped rubies , rhombus - shaped topaz , sphere - shaped diamond , decagonal emerald , crystal-shaped sapphire , triangle - shaped amethyst , and hexagonal garnets .
31	the game was directed by yasumi matsuno , and since the release of the title , he has chosen sakimoto as a regular for his development team at quest and later square .
7	the diamond , which is the main square in the town , includes a prominent ' obelisk ' celebrating ` the four masters ' , four gaelic historians led by brother mícheál ó cléirigh who wrote the annals of the four masters in the 1630s .
21	here is a partial list of notable expressways , tunnel , bridge , road , avenues , street , crescent , square and bazaar in hong kong .
21	it is one of the most important intersections in mingora , and there are numerous shops and establishments located around this square .
10	when unspecified , the base is usually assumed to be square .
6	markt is the name of a square in rosmalen , north brabant , netherlands .
9	development einhänder was the first 3d shooter developed by square , a company otherwise mostly known for their role-playing video game .
9	at the center of the village is a large square known as the ` borough ' around which are grouped picturesque cottage and a public house , the phelips arms ; there is a second public house and hotel situated in the village , called the king 's arms .
18	committed from the start to make a franchise to rival series such as enix 's dragon quest and square 's final fantasy , murayama wrote a chronological prequel for his story and used that instead in order not to waste the suikoden ii script due to his lack of experience .
25	on the bottom part of the screen is a small keyboard , on which there are some shapes ( triangle , circle , diamond , square , etc. ) .
7	it was published by ntt publishing / square on july 15 , 1991 with the catalog number n23d-003 .
4	a trigonal trapezohedron with square faces is a cube .
19	( see centimetre ) 1 cm -- 10 millimeters 1 cm -- 0.39 inch 1 cm -- edge of square of area 2 1 cm -- edge of cube of volume 1 ml 1 cm -- approximate width of average fingernail 1.5 cm -- length of a very large mosquito 2 cm -- approximate width of an adult human finger 2.54 cm -- 1 inch 3.1 cm -- 1 attoparsec ( 10 − 18 parsec ) 3.5 cm -- width of film commonly used in motion pictures and still photography 4.3 cm -- minimum diameter of a golf ball 7.3-7 .5 cm -- diameter of a baseball 8.6 cm × 5.4 cm -- dimensions of a typical credit card 1 decimetre lengths between 10 centimetre and 100 centimetres ( 10 − 1 metre and 1 metre ) .
1	the square was created in 1785 .
18	in mathematics an automorphic number ( sometimes referred to as a circular number ) is a number whose square '' ends '' in the same digits as the number itself .
32	the name was jaguar 's idea , inspired in the italian folk-tale character pasquino , who , according to the legend , used to write and tell stories in a major public square .
16	there are only three shapes that can form such regular tessellations : the equilateral triangle , square , and regular hexagon .
1	a square has even multiplicity for all prime factors ( it is of the form a 2 for some a ) .
31	the café novelty ( coffeehouse novelty ) is the oldest café in the city of salamanca ( spain ) , which was founded in 1905 and is situated in the main square of the city , plaza mayor de salamanca .
23	monument dedicated to the heroes of the battles of independence of bahia from portugal ( july 2 , 1823 ) , campo grande square .
13	creid ( , meaning '' believe '' ) is the arranged soundtrack to square 's role-playing video game xenogears .
20	example consider g = -lcb- 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10 -rcb- , and m = -lcb- composite , even , odd , prime , square -rcb- .
12	after several years of private composition studies he became an employee of square in 1994 .
25	this graphical method is not only suited to racing games ; it is also used extensively for the overworld sections of role-playing games such as square 's popular 1994 game final fantasy vi .
4	the following year , square 's suishō no dragon on the nes took it a step further with its introduction of visual icons and animated scenes .
6	there are one triangle , two square , and one hexagon on each vertex .
10	in computer and video games in several games produced by square , including chrono trigger , final fantasy v , final fantasy vii , final fantasy viii , final fantasy ix , and final fantasy x , dark matter exists as a powerful magical element , enabling certain kinds of major attacks .
3	the only nontrivial square fibonacci number is 144 .
10	the brunswick parks and recreation department operates city park and square .
12	is a 3d fighting game developed by light weight and published by square and sony for the playstation .
13	in number theory , the sum of the first n cube is the square of the n th triangular number .
22	plaza degetau , formally plaza federico degetau , is the larger of two plaza at plaza las delicias , the main city square in the city of ponce , puerto rico .
18	( ex : snatcher ) software companies that produced exclusive software for the nec pc-8801 included enix , square , sega , nihon falcom , bandai , hal laboratory , ascii , pony canyon , technology and entertainment software , wolf team , dempa , champion soft , starcraft , micro cabin , psk , and bothtec .
21	early history hawkins county heritage days began in october 1978 when a small crowd gathered despite a downpour on the courthouse square in downtown rogersville to help raise funds for the nascent rogersville heritage association .
18	the circulation around a closed curve c is the line integral : the dimension of circulation are length square , divided by time ; l 2 ⋅ t − 1 , which is equivalent to velocity times length .
18	so : fifth powers are also formed by multiplying a number by its fourth power , or the square of a number by its cube .
43	he also provided the voice of jack skellington , the main character in tim burton 's animated disney film the nightmare before christmas ( 1993 ) , and has since reprised the role in many other subsequent productions , including the disney / square video games kingdom hearts and kingdom hearts ii and the capcom sequel to the original film , .
11	the munstersquare ( or munsterplein in dutch ) is the main square in the city of roermond .
35	'' in mathematics used størmer 's method to prove catalan 's conjecture on the nonexistence of consecutive perfect power ( other than 8,9 ) in the case where one of the two powers is a square .
39	there are two possible values for k , namely 1 and 2 , and so two possible apex angles , namely : according to the pdn-theorem the quadrilateral a 2 is a regular 4-gon , that is , a square .
7	soule sent the tape to lucasarts and square .
11	a four-sided plane figure is a quadrilateral ( quadrangle ) or square , sometimes also called a tetragon .
24	he spent the next few years working first as a manga illustrator then as a composer for anime series before coming to work for square .
3	in 1986 , square released the science fiction adventure game suishō no dragon for the nes console .
9	if n = 6 , then st is a square , and t 1/3 ≤ s ≤ t 3 .
14	the starter kit includes 92 pieces of various geometric shapes including a triangle , square , and hexagon , various beams and connectors , and treads that can be attached to shapes to form wheels .
40	the visitors can observe pieces of art , depictions of the mining process , geology displays , educational exhibitions about environmental friendly mining and sustainable development the main places at the park are : '' the sacred axis '' a square with an halite hand carved cross ( 4.20 meters height ) the salt dome the mine the brine museum , where the visitor learns about how works the extraction process of salt from the halite .
8	its frontal façade creates the border of the square .
8	there is the 1-d split-ring structure with two square rings , one inside the other .
20	in 1944 , luis roche ordered - with permission of the government - the construction of many avenues and the square .
12	a p-gonal antiprismatic prism or p-gonal antiduoprism has 4p triangle , 4p square and 4 p-gon faces .
23	dice had been interested in english translations of japanese games and following in the footsteps of ted woolsey in the translation of several square japanese titles .
18	the pete initially developed as a pedestrian precinct with the public spaces evolving with bazaar streets , temple square , lakes and maidans ( open grounds ) .
26	the aldred building ( french : édifice aldred ; also known as édifice la prévoyance ) is an art deco building on the historic place d'armes square in the old montreal quarter of montreal , quebec , canada .
6	plaza peru plaza perú is a square in the city of concepción , chile .
30	in the desarguesian projective plane of order q , pg ( 2 , q ) , the size of a blocking set b is bounded : when q is a square the lower bound is achieved by any baer subplane and the upper bound comes from the complement of a baer subplane .
6	it contains 20 triangle , 30 square and 12 pentagon .
24	the first dragon slayer title was an early action role-playing game , released in 1984 for the nec pc-88 computer system and ported by square for the msx .
10	an equilateral quadrilateral is a rhombus , which includes the square as a special case .
25	a formally real field f is a field that satisfies in addition one of the following equivalent properties : 1 is not a sum of square in f .
26	the name of the squaring function shows its importance in the definition of the area : it comes from the fact that the area of a square with sides of length is equal to .