21	design layout as shown in brasseys naval annual 1888 the hull of the naniwa - class cruiser was a typical flush deck with high freeboard to improve seaworthiness .
9	her armor consisted of belt and bulkhead thick , deck armor thick , and her conning tower and gun turrets were thick .
3	the ship 's deck was thick over the machinery spaces and thick over the magazines and avgas storage tanks .
11	during the voyage , from the wireless room on the boat deck , bride and phillips sent out passengers ' personal messages and received iceberg warnings from other ships .
9	in addition , this gun was employed as a deck - mounted anti-aircraft weapon in at least some of the mas torpedo boat .
1	the deck fore and aft of the casemate was also protected by '' t-rails '' .
23	naval architecture inside of a cofferdam on a vessel a cofferdam may also refer to an insulating space between two watertight bulkhead or deck within a ship .
23	construction and commissioning sand lance under construction at portsmouth naval shipyard at kittery , maine , with temporary safety railings rigged around her deck .
9	her armor consisted of belt and bulkhead thick , deck armor thick , and her conning tower had thick armor .
22	binnacle with iron correcting spheres at each side and clinometer below compass a binnacle is a waist-high case or stand on the deck of a ship , generally mounted in front of the helmsman , in which navigational instruments are placed for easy and quick reference as well as to protect the delicate instruments .
5	it was built on a deck and a lift was provided to move wagons down to warehouses below .
24	in addition sliding glass doors are commonly used in some regions as doors between the interior rooms of a home and a courtyard , deck , balcony , patio , and a garden , backyard , barbecue or swimming pool area .
26	the main controls cabin : with a semicircular head on via della ghiacciaia , with porthole window on the inner side and the third floor the deck with a full-length windows , as a control tower for the rails .
4	it also has a deck with benches for easy gatherings and a basketball hoop .
6	the awning framework of all sunsetter deck and patio models mount directly onto the home using wall or soffit brackets and can be installed on every kind of siding .
26	an elevator ( lift in british english ) is a type of vertical transport equipment that efficiently moves people or goods between floors ( levels , deck ) of a building , , or other structure .
7	above this porch is the second-storey gallery deck that extends from the women 's gallery .
18	for example , san francisco 's golden gate bridge , completed in 1937 , originally used a concrete deck .
20	it is considered a sister series to decked out , and like decked out , stars paul lafrance and his deck building crew .
37	princes wharf also contains the largest apartment of new zealand , a luxury residence built for one of the wharf 's developers with 1,061 m ² of internal floor space and decks of 416 m ² of deck space .