6	his weapon of choice is a club but he is dangerous with every weapon .
15	typical amenities offered can include one or more swimming pool tennis court community centre or club golf course marina on-site dining playground exercise rooms including workout machines spa around the world ` protective ' spikes in ` security-zone ' communities trinity west , one of the few gated subdivisions in trinity , florida , u.s. in brazil , the most widespread form of gated community is called '' condomínio fechado '' ( closed housing estate ) and is the object of desire of the upper classes .
12	minawo was formed in 1999 after matsuura and yamaguchi met in a club while both were attending university of kitakyushu .
41	contemporaries called him brazen , spiteful and violent , and it is reported that once , in the course of a difference of opinion with his chancellor -- archbishop ratbod of trier , no less -- zwentibold beat him with a club .
21	before their adoption of guns , the plains indians hunted with spear , bows and arrows , and various forms of club .
43	the subsequent singles '' in your eyes '' , '' love at first sight '' and '' come into my world '' were successful throughout the world , and minogue established a presence in the mainstream north american market , particularly in the club scene .
23	the epigonation ( greek : , literally meaning '' over the knee '' ) , or palitza ( russian : палица , '' club '' ) , is a vestment used in some eastern christian churches .
41	major themes the place that dane visits in his dream or his supernatural and time-expanding experience , as james cleverly does n't specify seems a combination of retreat house , convent , country home , hotel , spa , resort and club .
5	stotfold f.c. is a football club based at stotfold , bedfordshire , england .
13	in the netherlands , eye-d and dj hidden are frequent guests at underground club nights prspct and smackdown .
9	many of them contributed to the growth of the club over the years .
15	guitar slim , jr. , has worked for many years around the new orleans blues club circuit , and his repertoire became more reliant on his father 's material .
21	as weapons , the zulu warrior carried the iklwa stabbing spear ( losing one could result in execution ) and a club or cudgel fashioned from dense hardwood known in zulu as the iwisa , usually called the knobkerrie in english , for beating an enemy in the manner of a mace .
16	in 1995 , white faced criminal charges of possessing deadly weapons , a knife and a club , distributing obscene material , and attempting to escape from police custody , arising out of the distribution of political leaflets .
17	resistance symbols like the flags or the weapons used by the peasants , in particular their typical club with nails on the hitting end ( called ( bauern - ) knüttel ) , were outlawed , confiscated , and destroyed .
13	in ukrainian language , a buława or bulava is a mace or a club , in both the military and ceremonial senses .
10	a stock example is 倶楽部 ( kurabu ) for '' club '' , where the characters can be interpreted loosely in sequence as '' together '' , '' fun '' and '' place '' .
9	in his right hand the giant holds a knobbled club in length , and adding to the total height of the figure .
19	the twins have also participated in several fashion show , performance art pieces , gay pride parade , and club appearances from los angeles to new york city and across the atlantic , some of these have been fundraisers for aids charities and organizations .
14	the condemned were lashed to the wheel and their limbs were beaten with a club or iron cudgel , with the gaps in the wheel allowing the limbs to give way and break .
26	they then use the tools to kill a leopard preying on them ; the next day , the main ape character , moon-watcher , uses a club to kill the leader of a rival tribe .
36	like nearly all delerium singles to date since '' silence '' , the single release put greater emphasis on a number of trance remix commissioned by nettwerk music group in order to promote the song through club play .
19	the dennisons advanced from learning the ravens ' chord patterns , to building a local reputation at the bicc club in melling , liverpool .
16	'' some of the songs are concerned with a sense of paranoia and alienation in british club culture .
6	unlike chuck , junior carries a club that gives his attacks further reach .
16	it features news and creative input from all sections of the school community , including regular club reports and interviews with famous former pupils .
6	'' freeloader '' became a worldwide club hit and reached mainstream chart success in the uk , germany , belgium and the netherlands .
53	hunters would frequently kill them simply by standing near a rock where a kea could see them , then hide behind the rock and wait for the kea to come towards them ( as they would always wonder where the hunter had gone ) , before hitting them on the head with a club .
4	other spelling pronunciations are club pronounced , iceberg pronounced in spain ( in american spanish , it 's pronounced ) , and folclor and folclore as translations of folklore , pronounced and .
11	some of boötes 's stars were traditionally described as representing the club ( greek , κολλοροβος ) of boötes .
32	the two have collaborated since 1993 under a variety of names , including axis , hitch hiker & jacques dumondt , and mike stone & steve heller , and have scored major club hits internationally , including a re-make of john paul young 's '' love is in the air '' .
27	nick littlemore of the australian electorock outfit , empire of the sun , lends a hand on the production , which gives the song a retro synthpop club feel .
5	glossary ; cobra : a club - like weapon made of steel with a bronze pyramid at the end .
15	a notable project for grey prior to joining inner city was the chicago house 12-inch club hit '' do n't make me jack ( tonite i wanna house you ) '' on housetime records .
40	association with wushu/kung fu the chinese lion dance ( especially the taiwanese lion , 臺灣獅 ) has close relations to kung fu or wǔshù ( 武術 ) and the dancers are usually martial art members of the local kung fu club or school .
4	tipstaves ( the short club after which the office is named ) on display at bedford museum history crossed tipstaffs within a wreath - rank of police assistant chief constable or commander in the uk the office of the tipstaff is thought to have been created in the 14th century .
7	it was similar to a large wooden club with grooves in the side to hold the sharpened obsidian .
18	when his band dissolved , alen started playing football in jedinstvo from bihać , then a second league club .
19	musical career supafly is best known for 2005 's '' let 's get down '' - which was a club hit around the world and used by the australia television network fox8 as their summer theme song ; and for '' moving too fast '' in late 2006 , which sampled from the phil collins ' hit '' another day in paradise '' .
40	opus dei supporter william o'connor wrote that a person 's spiritual life is a private matter , and that the practice of not divulging membership lists is common to many organizations such as trade union , hospitals , schools and club .
33	the parcel , over and containing a great deal of wooded and undeveloped land , wetlands , a tennis court , and a sarasota school of architecture structure that served as a private club or recreation lounge for a bay front home opposite it on bay shore road that was sold separately from the house and held for a long time by a developer .
11	he moved to the us for a solo career on the club circuit , encouraged by the likes of wilson pickett and sam & dave , playing las vegas with the righteous brothers .
49	other artists who have used samples from wright 's 1975 -- 81 recordings include dilated peoples , atmosphere , infamous mobb , t.i. and armand van helden , the last of whom incorporated part of '' comin ' apart '' ( from the right place ) in his 2004 club hit '' my my my '' .
31	affiliated clubs of the students ' association the students ' association ( s.a. ) organises a sponsored walk each year to raise funds for financing the activities of its 53 affiliated club , which are grouped under six unions : arts union , science union , sports union , music union , recreation union and service union .
20	due to electoral fraud and brutal electioneering , which earned the elections the nickname sopalı seçimler ( '' election of club '' ) , the ruling committee of union and progress won 269 of the 275 seats in the chamber of deputies , whilst the opposition liberal entente ( also known as the freedom and accord party or the liberal union ) won only the remaining six seats .
17	ubayid is lady zenadia 's personal armsmaster , who protects her estate and provides the vipers with club and other weapons at her behest .
2	the current club structure was built in 1960 .
16	animaritime is an anime and gaming convention founded by members of the mount allison university anime club .
29	unlike list pr , stv can be used in elections in organizations without any political parties at all , such as in municipal non-partisan elections , trade union , club , and school .
20	in 1994 , his single '' eighteen strings '' also written as '' 18 strings '' , became an international club hit .
22	ann siang road , which has elegantly restored shophouses today , was once the traditional home of clan associations and exclusive social club .
8	the large number of sailing events organized by club and syndicate , like oceanic races and typical boats ( wooden fishing boats and canoe ) races , demonstrates the sport 's growing force .
8	the goedendag was essentially a combination of a club with a spear .
34	form ` kataore ' , mere pounamu ( 42cm x 12cm ) maori chief holding a mere weapon ( 1860 -- 1879 ) the mere is a , leaf shape , form of short club .
15	the song peaked at # 4 in the uk singles chart , and became a club favorite .
7	they then began to build up a club reputation as a tight , close harmony band and in 1966 , finding themselves in the middle of the 1960s swinging london scene , they decided to update their image and instrumentation .
23	he did not quit performing musically , but began to cover songs that started a career with a recurring gig at the brooklyn club , casablanca .
11	extras were used as background dancers to create a sort of club atmosphere .
19	when his rifle jammed after the first shot , he closed in with rifle , using it as a club to break the stock over the head of the nearest moro and then , drawing his pistol , started in pursuit of the fleeing outlaws .
37	these early april 1912 general elections were known infamously as the '' election of clubs '' ( ) after the beating of opposition ( freedom and accord ) candidates for the chamber of deputies with weapons like club and sticks as well being marred by electoral fraud and violence in favor of the cup .
11	after a fire erupts on the altar , nemis sees a club , he sees this as a sign from hera and asks who he needs to kill .
62	other names like most hindu deities , subrahmanya is known by many other names , including , , ( meaning ` prince or child or young one ' ) , swaminatha ( meaning ` smart ' or ` clever ' ) , , arumugam or shanmuga ( meaning ` one with six faces ' ) , dandapani ( meaning god with a club ) , or guruguha ( meaning ` cave-dweller ' ) , subrahmanya , kartikeya and ( meaning ` that which is spilled or oozed ) .
61	northern soul and breakthrough their first release came in the form of '' colour my life '' , a limited white label pressing which got them some recognition , but it was the first official single '' how can i love you more ? '' that gave them their first top 30 hit and a following in and around the manchester club scene , where pickering was still dj-ing .
16	the european-influenced music is layered and textured with many music modalities , differing from their past club - oriented albums .
14	featuring the vocals of tracy ackerman , '' everytime '' proved to be a club hit , due to the balearic trance interpretation by nalin & kane , who had earlier in the year had enjoyed crossover success with '' beachball '' .
25	the sport klub windhoek , also known as sk windhoek , skw , and cymot skw due to sponsorship reasons , is a namibia sports club based in windhoek .
13	the four had met in 2001 after a live show in a magdeburg club , where listing and schäfer , who knew each other from music school , watched from the audience while bill and tom kaulitz played on the stage .
17	'' just dance '' also has influences of b and lyrically speaks about being intoxicated at a club .
15	energy 92.7 & 101.1 knrj 's dance music product included house , trance , and club music , as well as remixes of pop and r&b hits .
19	cj bolland contributed a mix of '' in your blood '' on bford9 and '' fetish '' was a club hit in both the uk and the us .
33	views because jesus had told peter to put down his sword in the garden of gethsemane ( ) , the circumcellions piously avoided bladed weapons and instead opted for the use of blunt club , which they called '' israelites .
5	a film society is a club where people can watch screenings of films which would otherwise not be shown in mainstream cinema .
21	she approached ades and asked him if he would be willing to transform '' i begin to wonder '' from a club song to a pop song .
8	stewarts & lloyds corby a.f.c. is a football club based in corby , northamptonshire , england .
10	as sylvester prepares to knock the bulldog out with a club , the train heads into a tunnel , slamming sylvester in the face into the bridge above it .
22	a listings magazine is a magazine which contains information about the upcoming week 's events such as broadcast programming , music , club , theatre and film information ; examples include time out magazine in the uk , tv hebdo ( québec ) in canada , and tv guide in the us .
4	there are currently 31 club and only 14 courses , compared with the hundreds which existed before .
1	a club version of the song was later released featuring eminem and mos def .
21	the second single was '' breathe '' , which reached number 36 on the hot 100 and became a top five club hit .
13	others such as california have general prohibitions against the carrying of all '' club '' weapons by non-law enforcement .
4	the herkuleskeule ( hercules club ) is an important site in german-speaking political cabaret .
8	conway was talent-spotted while playing in a london club , signed to emi 's columbia label and spent the mid-1950s providing backing for artists on their roster , including gracie fields and joan regan .
22	'' in the song risingson on massive attack 's mezzanine album , the singer apparently appeals to his company to leave the club they 're in , deriding the common persons ' infatuation with them , and implying that he 's about to slide into antisocial behaviour : in an episode of this american life , radio host ira glass uses the term hoi polloi while relaying a story about a woman who believes the letter ` q ' should occur later in the alphabet .
5	types newsletters are published by club , churches , societies , associations , and businesses -- especially companies -- to provide information of interest to members , customers , or employees .
20	in june 1993 , deandrea 's remixed version of '' secret love '' was released , it became a uk club hit and peaked at no. 41 .
19	marching two-step were a local gigging band for a few years , but never managed to grow beyond the club scene .
7	due to his increasing popularity in the club scene and especially in the gay community , he was hailed as the '' hottest dj of 2005 '' by out magazine in their june issue .
10	the southern figure is dressed in ceremonial regalia with a club in his right hand .
24	before that , they were known for a track called '' do what you want '' ( 1990 ) that got a lot of club and dj play in new york and chicago .
13	after a spell as a catwalk model , she scored a number of club hits after recording with the group the biz in 1983 .
1	the club was established on february 22 , 2008 by a small group of trek enthusiasts in chennai , india .
9	it is a hip hop song with influences of club music , and is backed by a looped production containing elements of synthesizer and string instrument , and a repetitive bassline .
1	in club play she was a member of the 2001 golden west team that won the winter junior nationals , and was named mvp of the tournament .
11	in the 1940s , she appeared at the b & c club as a tap dancer , amidst other artists such as john lee hooker .
13	the fraternal order of eagles building is a historic fraternal order of eagles club located in richmond , virginia .
2	private member club were not exempted .
17	she instituted book talk , monthly program meetings , a story hour and a variety of other club .
8	after a four year stint on philadelphia 's club circuit , they recruited a new lead vocalist , george williams in 1960 , and changed their name to the tymes .
6	'' he used both professional and club - oriented amplifiers and monitors to minimize harmonic distortion and maintain flying lotus ' minimalist aesthetic , which , along with his need to find a quiet mental space , inspired the album 's title : '' i wanted to set people up to this idea , before they even heard it , that the quiet was a key word in the whole thing ... ( a ) part of pulling it back is some kind of growing up .
6	his most prized possession is his club , and his solution to pretty much any problem is to bash it with it .
6	new brighton a.f.c. is a soccer club in christchurch , new zealand .
10	the park is the official ground for the association football club cwmfelin press a.f.c . the park also has a playplace where young children can play .
17	logistics typically , the audience capacity for a house concert is smaller than at a coffeehouse or club .
101	a partial list of such titles includes personal title , such as lord , knight , right honourable , indicating an earned or inherited rank or position within a formal power structure ; command rank , such as captain , sergeant , etc. , indicating likewise a very specific position in a command hierarchy , e.g. police rank or military rank ; an academic degree or professional designation such as phd , p.eng or m.d. , whether this be purely honorary or symbolic , or associated with credentials attesting to specific competence , learning , or skills ; labor union and club memberships ; persons allowed access to specific areas during special events , such as concerts and shows ; citizenship , as in the case of passport and birth certificate .
7	) was described more as a dance-pop club hit than as a christmas song even peaking at number-one on the romanian top 100 .
22	within minutes , a north korean guard truck crossed the bridge and approximately 20 more north korean guards disembarked carrying crowbar and club .
12	glassshrimp is a london based collective which publishes a magazine ; promotes club nights and presents a weekly radio show on resonance 104.4fm ( london ) which all feature independent musician , artist , writer and performer .
14	nautical athletical organization of mati attika ( abbreviation : naoma ) is a sailing club located in mati , in the eastern part of the attica region in greece .
4	she danced in small club along hollywood 's sunset strip , introducing herself to performers , managers , and agents .
6	he wields a large , spiked club .
10	use as weapons beer bottles are sometimes used as makeshift club , for instance in bar fights .
20	fort nelson chapter of the daughters of the american revolution chapter house is a historic daughters of the american revolution club located at portsmouth , virginia .
12	in order to pay the rental fees , cartwright organized a ball club so that he could collect the needed money .
35	'' during the rolling stone interview , he spoke about if the first two singles were representative of the direction of the album , saying : '' i feel like it 's representative of the club side of the album but i 'm really trying to give people all sides of me .
17	thornhill joined the prodigy along with keith flint after they met liam howlett at a local rave club .
14	sky media limited originally formed to investigate the possibility of beaming sports programming into club and pub using high performance 4 metre satellite dishes by jarvis and an engineering associate brian green but was redirected into pay television following successful bidding in 1990 for four groups of uhf frequencies in the auckland , hamilton and tauranga region .
24	these include a coles supermarket , tavern , restaurant , general practitioner , dentist , bp service station , fire station , rugby union club , child care and several other businesses .
20	jockey slut was a british music magazine which ran between 1993 and 2004 , focusing mainly on dance music and club culture .
9	the playable character is a neanderthal armed with a club .
16	; epigonation / palitsa ( greek '' over the knee '' ; slavonic палица , '' club '' ) : a stiff diamond-shaped cloth that hangs on the right side of the body ; it is suspended by one corner from a strap drawn over the left shoulder .
10	a mace is a blunt weapon , a type of club or virge that uses a heavy head on the end of a handle to deliver powerful blows .
35	1991 's queer would be the band 's swansong , and was supported by various techno inspired singles under the moniker of ( in the uk ) to disguise the identity of the band to club djs .
9	his iconographic attributes are the lion skin and the club .
8	the symbols are a uatogi ( a war club , epitomizing the government 's power ) and a fue ( a fly-whisk , representing the wisdom of traditional samoan leaders ) .
24	'' for his devotion to mussolini , the satirical magazine il becco giallo used to call him p. randello ( randello in italian means club ) .
12	originally , raw stylus released white label vinyl records into the london club scene in the early 1990s .
25	to strengthen the catholic education offered by the college , the legion of mary , the solidarity of our lady , and the catechists ' club were organized in the 1960 's .
12	however , some biologists suggest that the structure more closely resembles a club .
21	clwb ifor bach on womanby street clwb ifor bach ( , ) is a cardiff nightclub , music venue , welsh-language club and community centre .
7	bk děčín is a czech professional basketball club based in the city of děčín .
4	the was a spiked/knobbed club or truncheon used in feudal japan as a weapon by samurai and their retainers .
42	the editorial column of the first issue sided clearly against fascism : luigi pirandello , for his devotion to benito mussolini , was one of becco giallo satirical target , and used to be called p. randello ( randello in italian means club ) .
24	killed in : '' ice cold killa '' jizzy b. is the biggest pimp in san fierro , the owner of the pleasure domes club and a member of the loco syndicate .
7	; ( ; , ) a twin club type armament used by louis xiv of hexagone francaise .
16	description tales depict the dagda as a figure of immense power , armed with a magic club and associated with a cauldron .
50	in 1807 , gibraltar merchants had founded a library in bedlam court , as they were denied membership of the garrison library , it being available only to members of the british garrison in the city ( the garrison library functioned not only as a library , but as a club , owned and run by and for military officers ; civilians were excluded , regardless of their prominence ) .
15	police seized from his apartment the empty knife packages , their receipts , and one club .
18	the band 's popularity increased when they were asked to play a two-week stint at ronnie scott 's club in london , opening for chick corea , a run that was eventually lengthened to three weeks .
19	thematically , the album 's subject matter mostly concerns self-aggrandisement , sex , social commentary , and '' the club '' .
12	the latter would later be sampled for the 2005 dance radio and club hit '' love on my mind '' by the freemasons featuring amanda wilson .
11	antiquity the origins of armed combat are prehistoric , beginning with club , spear and axe .
7	the stones can shoot out of his club , killing enemies .
25	steve beckett , co-owner of warp , has said that the electronic music the label was releasing at that point was targeting a post - club , home-listening audience .
21	linda now travels all over the nation and around the world for her performances making appearances in numerous casino venues , club venues and outdoor festival venues .
11	while at its simplest the throwing stick is just a heavy club thrown at the game , a well designed throwing stick uses the principles of an airfoil shape and gyroscopic stability ; the oldest of these dates back 200,000 years to ancient poland .
12	this stone has been used by the great basin tribes for war club and pipes that are jet black with a high gloss when polished .
19	his first single was '' i wanna lick the pussy '' ( 1994 ) , which became a regional club hit without the assistance of radio airplay .
30	kim and chae were forced to work for 14 hours a day ; if they did n't work well , they were beaten by an iron bar or an wooden club .
5	she is in the drama club at her real world school , and she is often singing songs from rent .
14	relatively unknown outside their home country , they have had international success with the club track , '' helium '' .
8	in the meantime , two men armed with club and net wait in the foyer to ensnare him , as three more men also watch from over the balcony .
26	in 2005 , the dance music took place on a second stage on the saturday only and in 2006 it took place off site at a club on the saturday night .
25	though '' take away '' was not a success on radio , '' 4 my people '' went on to become an american and european club hit due to a popular remix by house music duo basement jaxx in 2002 .
10	these places include airport , shopping mall , park , club , supermarket , campus , and other popular locations .
12	design the morning star is a medieval weapon consisting of a spiked club resembling a mace , usually with a long spike extending straight from the top and many smaller spikes around the particle of the head .
10	in essence , it is a short stave or wooden club thrown as a projectile to hunt small game such as rabbits or waterfowl .
8	truncheons probably developed as a marriage between the club or military mace and the staff of office / sceptre .
19	his first success was his remix of dj sakin 's '' protect your mind '' , which became a club track .
9	grand army of the republic hall is a historic club building located at johnstown , cambria county , pennsylvania .
11	career silva started producing house music in 1992 , just as club culture was getting established in lisbon .
20	it is forced wedding not unlike a shotgun wedding named after a knobstick , which is a type of wooden club .
20	singles in april 2006 , a remix of '' no hay igual '' featuring calle 13 was issued as a club single in the us .