26	an elevator ( lift in british english ) is a type of vertical transport equipment that efficiently moves people or goods between floors ( levels , deck ) of a building , , or other structure .
3	the enclosed walkway deck was constructed of laminated veneer lumber and steel bar trusses .
10	this consisted of a full-length waterline armoured belt with armored deck above and below .
7	above this porch is the second-storey gallery deck that extends from the women 's gallery .
6	each room has its own private deck and fireplace .
12	the most widespread use of wpcs in north america is in outdoor deck floors , but it is also used for railings , fences , landscaping timbers , cladding and siding , park bench , molding and trim , window and door frames , and indoor furniture .
26	the main controls cabin : with a semicircular head on via della ghiacciaia , with porthole window on the inner side and the third floor the deck with a full-length windows , as a control tower for the rails .
25	the voyage ' s station is themed as a 17th-century ship , with the basement being the cargo hold , the second level being the deck , and the ride operator 's controls being the '' captain 's quarters '' .
15	a full-length veranda , with shed roof supported by plain wooden pillars and a concrete deck wraps around the eastern ( front ) and north facade .
2	the armored deck rested on the top of the waterline belt .
22	binnacle with iron correcting spheres at each side and clinometer below compass a binnacle is a waist-high case or stand on the deck of a ship , generally mounted in front of the helmsman , in which navigational instruments are placed for easy and quick reference as well as to protect the delicate instruments .
33	hosted by paul lafrance , a contractor who owns cutting edge construction and design in pickering , ontario , each episode depicts lafrance and his team designing and building a unique and dramatic deck for a client .
10	the ship 's belt armor was thick , and the deck was thick .
9	her armor consisted of belt and bulkhead thick , deck armor thick , and her conning tower and gun turrets were thick .
1	the deck armor inside the central citadel ranged from 1 to 1.5 inches in thickness .
5	it was built on a deck and a lift was provided to move wagons down to warehouses below .
8	the hip roof was topped with a balustraded deck .
18	for example , san francisco 's golden gate bridge , completed in 1937 , originally used a concrete deck .
32	sleeping porch in the main house of the eleanor roosevelt national historic site the restored sleeping porch of heublein tower in talcott mountain state park , connecticut a sleeping porch is a deck or balcony that is screened and furnished for sleeping in the warmer months .
3	the ship 's deck was only 25 mm thick over the machinery spaces and thick over the magazines and avgas storage tanks .
6	the awning framework of all sunsetter deck and patio models mount directly onto the home using wall or soffit brackets and can be installed on every kind of siding .
2	the armor deck was 1.5 inches thick on the flat and thick where it sloped down to meet the belt .
6	typically , it is a wooden deck near a hiking trail that provides the hikers a clean and even place to sleep .
0	deck - the top surface of the hull keeps water and weather out of the hull and allows the crew to operate the boat more easily .
11	a cabin which protrudes above the level of a ship 's deck may be referred to as a '' deckhouse .
24	in addition sliding glass doors are commonly used in some regions as doors between the interior rooms of a home and a courtyard , deck , balcony , patio , and a garden , backyard , barbecue or swimming pool area .
9	her armor consisted of belt and bulkhead thick , deck armor thick , and her conning tower had thick armor .
20	it is considered a sister series to decked out , and like decked out , stars paul lafrance and his deck building crew .
4	as designed the high-tensile-steel deck ranged from in thickness .
14	on the evening of 14 april , in the wireless room on the boat deck , phillips was sending messages to cape race , newfoundland , working to clear a backlog of passengers ' personal messages that had accumulated when the wireless had broken down the day before .
37	princes wharf also contains the largest apartment of new zealand , a luxury residence built for one of the wharf 's developers with 1,061 m ² of internal floor space and decks of 416 m ² of deck space .
4	it also has a deck with benches for easy gatherings and a basketball hoop .
8	the underwater tubes were protected underneath the armor deck , forward of the forward 12-inch magazine .
2	her protective deck ranged from in thickness and the ship had a conning tower with walls thick .
6	modern trawlers modern trawlers are usually deck vessels designed for robustness .
13	the armor of their gun turrets had a maximum thickness of and their deck ranged from in thickness .