0	seal performed a live version of this song at the freddie mercury tribute concert in 1992 , noting that the song made him cry when he first heard it .
108	activities/master classes the academy is a host to master-classes by nationally and internationally-renowned musicians , producers and managers including : albert lee ( eric clapton , the everly brothers ) , laurie jenkins ( kasabian , beverley knight ) , guthrie govan ( dizzee rascal ) , ash soan ( adele , robbie williams ) , katie holmes ( professor green , lily allen ) , oli saville and nathan curran ( basement jaxx ) , luke bullen and arnulf linder ( kt tunstall ) , dave troke ( overtones ) , vintage trouble , vula malinga ( mark ronson , sam sparro ) , simon have ( seal , george michael ) , bruce findlay ( simple minds ) .
32	in the next few years ofm consistently charted on the billboard charts with production , remixer , and writers credits with britney spears , justin timberlake , beyoncé , kelly rowland , seal , usher , blue cantrell , backstreet boys , birdman , alanis morissette , janet jackson , annie lennox , dolce , tina ann , fabolous , bone crusher , shakira , and jessica simpson .
20	2012 saw one direction and delta goodrem perform on the night and appearances of flo rida , tony bennett and seal .
5	music the original video for seal 's kiss from a rose ( 1994 ) and the music video for amerie 's '' take control '' from the album because i love it ( 2007 ) and were influenced by the film .
6	in the audition , he sang seal 's '' kiss from a rose '' and prince 's '' purple rain '' at the boot camp .
7	'' we loved it '' ( featuring seal ) ( add .
35	since the late 1970s , she has worked mainly in the united kingdom and collaborated with various british artists such as gerry rafferty , ray jackson , lindisfarne , george michael , paul young , seal and marc almond .
19	sangaré contributed vocals to '' imagine '' for the 2010 herbie hancock album the imagine project , along with seal , p!nk , india.arie , jeff beck , konono nº1 and others .
11	monrose present their new single '' strike the match '' and seal performs two of his songs .
31	the channel 's playlist was gradually expanding , and , by 1994 , included contemporary musicians such as ace of base , melissa etheridge , sheryl crow , lisa loeb , seal , and other slightly heavier , or more alternative rock - influenced music than what it had originally played .
14	because of his strong , husky voice and a few similarities to british singer seal grosch became an early favorite with the judges and the audience , who enabled him to sing against competitor tobias regner during the final show .
12	currently attached to the project are producer , , martin landau , seal , armand assante , and mr. engine audi .
26	the album , executive produced by legend , kanye west and dave tozer , features guest appearance from kimbra , rick ross , stacy barthe and seal .
46	released in 2013 , the real thing was well received by critics and featured an all-star lineup of cameos including grammy-nominated vocalist wayna , dj kid koala , butterscotch ( from america 's got talent ) , guitarist chris bruce ( me’shell ndegeocello , india.arie , seal , sheryl crow ) , and bassist dan lutz ( sheila e . , bebe winans , gladys knight , jonathan butler ) .
65	the song has also made him '' the first uk urban act ever to top billboard s hot 100 '' , the ninth ( second british ) male solo performer to top the us charts with his debut single in the us , and the first british act to have reached no. 1 in the us and not in the uk with a song since seal 's '' kiss from a rose '' in 1995 .
19	konono nº1 collaborated on '' imagine '' for the 2010 herbie hancock album , the imagine project along with seal , p!nk , india.arie , jeff beck , oumou sangare and others .
13	they toured extensively with indie dance act the farm and provided support for seal on his uk tour .
51	she has appeared in several music videos , including jamiroquai 's video '' love foolosophy '' from their album a funk odyssey , kelis 's '' young , fresh n ' new '' , off her second 2001 album wanderland and , most recently , the second video for her husband seal 's song '' secret '' off his 2010 album commitment .
55	productions directed since the late 1990s , lather has directed many large productions adding another stage to his director/choreographer career , directing world tours & live television performances for usher , p.diddy , mariah carey , rihanna , ciara , pussycat dolls , sean kingston , ashlee simpson , pharrell , gwen stefani , and seal .
61	'' taylor has cited influences such as david bowie , metric , death cab , r.e.m , the decemberists , ambulance ltd , tegan and sarah , radiohead , robbie williams , elton john , belle and sebastian , elbow , inxs , garbage , muse , peter gabriel , queen , sufjan stevens , billy joel , yoko kanno , seal , and the police .
22	'' '' the stripped-down approach works well throughout the plaintive ballad ` believe in me ' , which sounds like a low-tech seal song .
17	in 2002 , santana released shaman , revisiting the supernatural format of guest artists including p.o.d. and seal .
9	'' love 's divine '' is a song by seal .
32	towards the end of his time with sl & g , mcguinness was also a highly successful marketing director for warner music group , winning awards for his campaigns for madonna , seal , simply red and mike oldfield .
0	seal ) jamiroquai - '' love foolosophy '' jimmy cliff - '' many rivers to cross '' , '' i want i do i get '' jennifer lopez - '' jenny from the block '' jessica garlick - '' come back '' jimmy eat world - '' the middle '' justin timberlake - '' like i love you '' kelly llorenna - '' tell it to my heart '' kylie minogue - '' in your eyes '' , '' come into my world '' ( fischerspooner mix ) lange - '' drifting away '' ( feat .
57	2011 -- 13 : child of the universe , and the voice australia goodrem at the 2012 logie awards on 24 november 2011 , goodrem was confirmed to be a part of the judging panel of the australian version of the voice which aired in early 2012 , coaching alongside keith urban , joel madden , and seal .
9	'' waiting for you '' is a song by seal .
33	among the artists that have performed here are bob dylan , b.b . king , enrique bunbury , julio iglesias , boz scaggs , merle haggard , george lopez , jamie foxx , seal , something corporate and jaguares .
17	'' american idol sligh auditioned in birmingham , alabama singing '' kiss from a rose '' by seal , after which paula abdul gave him a standing ovation and said , '' i like you very much .
14	these claims included : fighting amongst the insurrectionists in uruguay , to have hunted seal down the south american coast and around cape horn as well as labrador , and to have played rugby in france , germany , south africa , india and north and south america .
13	many families still harvest the traditional subsistence resources , especially pacific salmon and seal .
4	aggressively searching for new seal rookeries south of cape horn , on 17 november 1820 , palmer and his men became the first americans and the third group of people to discover the antarctic peninsula .
10	wildlife that can be observed in the thames estuary includes seal , velvet swimming crab and the migrant turnstone .
8	some aquatic mammal , such as walrus , seal , sea lion , narwhals , beluga whales and killer whales , can store fat called blubber that they use to help keep warm in the icy waters .
19	m28 harpoon gun between the wars , several norwegian gunsmiths attempted to create harpoon guns , intended for hunting seal and shooting rescue lines to boat in distress .
18	when they catch large prey , such as when the killer whale ( orcinus orca ) catches a seal , they bite off and swallow one chunk at a time .
27	paramyxoviruses are also responsible for a range of diseases in other animal species , for example canine distemper virus ( dog ) , phocine distemper virus ( seal ) , cetacean morbillivirus ( dolphin and porpoise ) , newcastle disease virus ( birds ) , and rinderpest virus ( cattle ) .
5	animals at the zoo include seal , penguin , wallabies , flamingo , dwarf otters , ocelot , beaver , and pelican .
27	the river 's name means wolf river in french and may have come from a native tribe known as '' les loups '' or from the many seal , known in french as loup-marin , once found at the river 's mouth .
16	at least from the early 14th century , so called '' tran boats '' or '' seal boats '' lay fastened to poles on the water around the area .
22	it was so named in 1902 by the swedish surveyor johan gunnar andersson who found old english try pot used to render seal oil at the site .
42	the main attractions in durness are smoo cave , a conjoined sea cave and freshwater cave with a small river running through it and a waterfall in wet weather , unspoilt beaches backed by cliffs , and the local sea bird , seal , porpoise and minke whale .
4	the beothuk pursued the seal and salmon fisheries in the area .
25	particularly in summer , the nutrient-rich sea water supports an abundant planktonic life in turn providing food for larger species , such as fish , seal , whale , and sea - and shore - bird .
25	subsistence activities are a large part of the culture for indigenous people and nanwalek is no exception , especially when it comes to salmon and seal harvesting .
3	marine mammals include seal , walrus , and several species of cetacea -- baleen whale and also narwhal , killer whale and belugas .
42	her keel was laid down by the moran company in seattle , washington , as walrus , making her the first ship of the united states navy to be named for the walrus , a gregarious , aquatic mammal related to the seal found in arctic waters , but on 17 november 1911 she was renamed k-4 .
12	within the order carnivora are the pinniped ( sealion , walrus and seal ) , the polar bear ( ursus maritimus ) , and two otter ( enhydra lutris and lontra feline ) .
2	hunters seeking seal and sea otter worked out the island between 1790 and 1850 .
4	some are reportedly enlarged seal - breathing holes .
2	examples include seal , dolphin , lion , and many herbivore such as deer , horse , and elephant .
10	one theory suggests that it was a sea lion or seal .
12	the world 's only mainland royal albatross colony and several penguin and seal colonies lie within the city boundaries on the otago peninsula .
10	animals such as shark , stingray , weever fish , seal and jellyfish can sometimes present a danger .
43	the ability to '' piggyback '' or use various animal companions , called '' animal buddies '' , returns from its predecessor , such as squitter the spider , glimmer the anglerfish , rambi the rhino , rattly the rattlesnake , nerk the seal , enguarde the swordfish , and squawks the parrot , which can boost the gameplay experience , proving advantageous at certain points in a level or the whole level overall .
21	the posters featured gilroy 's distinctive artwork and more often than not featured animals such as a kangaroo , ostrich , seal , lion , and notably a toucan , which has become as much a symbol of guinness as the trinity college harp .
0	seal oil is also reported to have been used , in addition .
4	an inuit hunts the seal and uses the whole body of the animal as a basic resource for his survival .
10	culleenamore is a diverse animal habitat , and also a seal sanctuary .
18	in such cases , an architect or engineer may provide certification including the professional 's signature and applied seal .
2	władysław 's seal , dated to 1317 .
30	carlo dolci , madonna in glory , c. 1670 , oil on canvas , stanford museum , california a circle of stars often represents , and harmony in flag , seal and signs , and is also seen in iconographic motifs related to the woman of the apocalypse as well as in baroque allegoric art that sometimes depicts the crown of immortality .
1	the seal ( german : siegel ) was used extensively in the late middle ages , and was instrumental in spreading heraldry to the various institutions .
24	st. giovanni baptistery in florence , italy during the months when there were no baptisms the baptistery doors were sealed with the bishop 's seal , a method of controlling the orthodoxy of all baptism in the diocese .
7	lord high admiral : 1585 -- 1619 seal dating from 1585 .
23	attestations the existence of this shadowy and rebel ruler whom we know very little about , was confirmed by inscriptions found on two seal and one scarab that bear his name written in a royal form inside a cartouche .
20	shortly after liu ju 's escape , emperor wu sent two officials to empress wei 's palace to seize her seal ( i.e. suspending her rights in preparation to depose her ) .
2	1896 the seal and motto of peder palladius , the first protestant bishop to reside in the property , is placed above the gate .
4	findings include a steatite seal with indus script probably used for trading goods , impressions of seals on a terracotta lump of burnt clay , chert blade , copper implements , terracotta bead and bangle and typical standardised pottery of the indus valley civilization .
21	in the archives of st. lô exists a charter , dating from the 1st crusade , on which is found the seal of renaud de carteret .
5	aulay macaulay of ardincaple 's seal , in 1593 , is blazoned : a fess chequy and in chief a buckle .
7	other decorative touches include the city 's seal on brass doorknobs and intricately molded plaster cornice .
10	she was judged for treason and for the forgery of seal .
8	it survives with tags which once attached a seal , now lost .
38	california ( uc berkeley ) gold this is a shade of gold identified by the university of california , berkeley in their graphic style guide for use in on-screen representations of the gold color in the university 's seal .
6	design the flag has the city seal emblazoned on quartered background , with each section representing a country that once controlled detroit .
15	the settlement near the castle received town privileges , with a coat of arms and seal , in 1612 while part of the duchy of prussia .
10	appended to the latter document is a description of a seal impressed in white wax , which the fifteenth-century notary alleged to have belonged to ragnall .
4	the earliest known county seal that has been preserved shows a right-facing lion rampant and dates to the year 1215 .
35	hunting beagle and fox ( 1885 ) by bruno liljefors the earliest historical records of fox hunting come from the 4th century bc ; alexander the great is known to have hunted foxes and a seal dated from 350 bc depicts a persian horseman in the process of spearing a fox .
8	city logo the st. catharines logo ( or seal ) performs much the same function as a coat of arms .
24	horn learned that a secret alliance had been made between the people of jämtland and the norwegians , ratified with the local communities ' seal .
25	some time after the wedding , philip is said to have seen himself , in a dream , securing his wife 's womb with a seal engraved with a lion 's image .
13	it is the symbol of the catholic university of leuven , in whose seal it is enclosed in a vesica piscis shape whose margin bears the text '' universitas catholica lovaniensis .
14	the purpose of the fold is to provide a more secure anchorage for the seal , and to guard against the parchment being torn .
1	the seal of john moidartach ( from scotland ,1572 ) .
3	history first known seal of 1241 ( replica ) the oldest coat of arms of hamburg has been retained on a city seals int the 12th and 13th century .
2	sumerian cylinder seal also depict houses built from reeds not unlike those built by the marsh arabs of southern iraq until as recently as 400 ce .
8	one exceptional find was the discovery of a seal stamp made of a lead-tin alloy which portrayed the coat of arms of the lords of hademstorf as the former lords of the castle .
12	applications one major engineering application is oil drilling components , such as seal , compressor rings , valve parts , gear , bearing , and wire coatings .
1	overcharging seal ni -- cd cells consist of a pressure vessel that is supposed to contain any generation of oxygen and hydrogen gases until they can recombine back to water .
20	a jug with a cork bung a bung , stopper or cork is a truncated cylindrical or conical closure to seal a container , such as a bottle , tube or barrel .
13	some bearing assemblies require routine addition of lubricants , while others are factory seal , requiring no further maintenance for the life of the mechanical assembly .
23	one of the primary values of spray-foam insulation is its ability to create an airtight ( and in some cases , watertight ) seal directly against the substrate to reduce the undesirable effects of air leakage .
2	not all seal are preserved .
15	the engineers had developed a good background in the metallurgy of housing , high speed seal , radial inflow turbines , and centrifugal compressor .
28	lid of a tic tac mint case a lid , also known as a cap , is part of a container , and serves as the cover or seal , usually one that completely closes the object .
20	it is active in over 40 countries and describes its mission as the development of '' engineered polymer solutions that seal , damp and protect critical applications in demanding environments .
16	for example , oils , and grease , and rubber , or plastic gasket used as seal for the vacuum chamber must not boil off when exposed to the vacuum , or the gases they produce would prevent the creation of the desired degree of vacuum .
38	impact on energy consumption air curtains can be used to save energy by reducing the heat transfer ( via mass transfer when air mixes across the threshold ) between two spaces , although a closed and well - seal physical door is much more effective .
41	overloading a converter can result in several failure modes , some of them potentially dangerous in nature : overheating : continuous high levels of slippage may overwhelm the converter 's ability to dissipate heat , resulting in damage to the elastomer seal that retain fluid inside the converter .
20	a portion of the area of the disc is used for intake and compression , a portion is used to seal against a center casing , and the remaining portion is used for expansion and exhaust .
23	however , the dyes in these cells also suffer from degradation under heat and uv light and the cell casing is difficult to seal due to the solvents used in assembly .
13	generally speaking , standard ball joints will outlive sealed ones because eventually the seal will break , causing the joint to dry out and rust .
5	their primary uses are for seal , adhesive and molded flexible parts .
16	however , it does occur in many other safety-critical items such as fuel line and rubber seal , such as gaskets and o-rings , where ozone attack is considered unlikely .
24	as of 2008 , the following sections remain fully in force : secure fencing and handrails for teagle openings and doorways ; water - seal gasholder .
13	airman applying caulk to baseboard caulking is one of several different processes to seal joints or seams in various structures and some types of piping .
81	these materials include : low-density flexible foam used in upholstery , bedding , and automotive and truck seating low-density rigid foam used for thermal insulation and rtm cores soft solid elastomers used for gel pads and print rollers low density elastomers used in footwear hard solid plastics used as electronic instrument bezels and structural parts flexible plastics used as straps and bands polyurethane foam is widely used in high resiliency flexible foam seating , rigid foam insulation panels , microcellular foam seal and gasket , durable elastomeric wheels and tires , automotive suspension bushings , electrical potting compounds , seals , gaskets , carpet underlay , and hard plastic parts ( such as for electronic instruments ) .
5	the flexible nature of this seal allows pressure effects to cross the barrier but not the material being contained .
19	at the same time a hurried population of consumer wanted a fast and easy way to open and effectively seal food bags -- originally bread hence the name .
38	construction scuba diver with bifocal lenses in mask diving masks may have a single , durable , tempered glass plate in front of the eye and a '' skirt '' of rubber or silicone to create a watertight seal with the diver 's face .
9	dry gas seals are non-contacting , dry-running mechanical face seal consist of a mating ( rotating ) ring and a primary ( stationary ) ring .
11	the skf group currently consists of approximately 150 companies including the seal manufacturer chicago rawhide .
22	) where a portion of the exterior housing has been removed to reveal the internal components , ( piston , bearing , seal , etc. .
59	typical o-ring and application an o-ring , also known as a packing , or a toric joint , is a mechanical gasket in the shape of a torus ; it is a loop of elastomer with a round cross-section , designed to be seated in a groove and compressed during assembly between two or more parts , creating a seal at the interface .
13	limitations the primary difficulty in underwater camera usage is , of course , seal the camera from water at high pressure , while maintaining the ability to operate it .
23	the 2006 delhi sealing drive was a campaign by the municipal corporation of delhi ( mcd ) to close ( and thus '' seal '' the locks of ) a number of illegal commercial establishments in delhi , india which are running in residential areas without authorization .
6	most are covered by a or seal on the outside for weatherproofing .