15	the engineers had developed a good background in the metallurgy of housing , high speed seal , radial inflow turbines , and centrifugal compressor .
13	each level must review , add information as necessary , and stamp or seal that the submittal was examined and approved by that party .
34	other animals appearing on the show included a chesapeake bay retriever named spray ( real name was chobee from okeechobee , florida ) ( seen only in a few early episodes ) , a seal , a baby elephant , alligator , a female albino dolphin ( whose baby flipper fathered during her only appearance , in the '' white dolphin '' episode ) ; and another female dolphin , introduced at the end of the second season , dubbed '' lorelei '' by the ricks family .
11	ken jeong as short fuse , an explosive and demolitions expert seal and a member of the north wind .
7	other decorative touches include the city 's seal on brass doorknobs and intricately molded plaster cornice .
12	other session and touring work sancious has done includes living colour , seal , bryan ferry , julia fordham , robbie dupree , natalie merchant , eric clapton , jon anderson of yes , and hall & oates .
2	the state seal of azad kashmir was adopted in 1975 and symbolizes the state 's ideological foundation , the basis of its heritage and its guiding principles .
21	pressurized oil enters the center of the housing and passes into a drum rotor free to spin on a bearing and seal .
4	findings include a steatite seal with indus script probably used for trading goods , impressions of seals on a terracotta lump of burnt clay , chert blade , copper implements , terracotta bead and bangle and typical standardised pottery of the indus valley civilization .
54	the model asserts these people made the crossing in small boats , using skills similar to those of the modern inuit people : hauling out on ice floes at night ; collecting fresh water from melting icebergs or the first-frozen parts of sea ice ; hunting seals and fish for food ; and using seal blubber as heating fuel .
19	28 february - at the 38th annual grammy awards in los angeles : trevor horn ( producer ) & seal win record of the year for '' kiss from a rose '' .
6	the islands are known for their seal population .
0	seal of alexander ii , king of scots .
11	magnus håkonsson ( the law-mender ) gave jämtland its first known seal 1274 .
18	he had been sealed near the great pyramids of giza until freed by the breaking of the combined seal in japan .
2	edmund 's seal ( 19th-century reproduction by henri d'arbois de jubainville ) life edmund soon obtained , however , important possessions and dignities , for soon after the forfeiture of simon de montfort , 6th earl of leicester on 25 october 1265 , edmund received the earldom of leicester and later that of lancaster .
1	a seal allows part of the spool to protrude outside the housing , where it is accessible to the actuator .
13	the name ` ko veta ' is engraved in brahmi script on a seal buried with the skeleton and is assigned by the excavators to the 3rd century bc .
12	applications one major engineering application is oil drilling components , such as seal , compressor rings , valve parts , gear , bearing , and wire coatings .
0	seal oil is also reported to have been used , in addition .
19	at the same time a hurried population of consumer wanted a fast and easy way to open and effectively seal food bags -- originally bread hence the name .
1	his seal featured the figure of a drinking horn .
11	levin 's session career commitments -- mostly to peter gabriel and seal -- were also obstructing future king crimson activity .
53	after '' totori no mura '' ( totori 's village ) , which enables visitors to see birds flying freely in a huge cage , the zoo continued to install new facilities including polar bear aquatic park , a '' walk - through '' penguin aquarium , an orangutan trapeze , and a seal aquarium which includes a vertical tube through which the seals can swim .
8	one exceptional find was the discovery of a seal stamp made of a lead-tin alloy which portrayed the coat of arms of the lords of hademstorf as the former lords of the castle .
12	he became tutor to the young king , guardian of the royal seal and a key adviser to queen margaret , while guillaume was appointed abbot of a monastery near maletto .
6	the tight fit of the mask seal around the face and the retention strips wrapping around the back of the head were uncomfortable in long sessions .
38	impact on energy consumption air curtains can be used to save energy by reducing the heat transfer ( via mass transfer when air mixes across the threshold ) between two spaces , although a closed and well - seal physical door is much more effective .
12	parts body - usually natural or light color dyed from rabbit , seal , and muskrat .
34	as a keyboardist/vocalist he has additionally toured or performed live with other artists including michael mcdonald , kenny loggins , sheena easton , jewel , edgar winter , al stewart , david becker and seal .
20	it is active in over 40 countries and describes its mission as the development of '' engineered polymer solutions that seal , damp and protect critical applications in demanding environments .
13	bryan adams deep purple kim wilde wadaiko yamato abba mania jean michel jarre seal sting vanessa-mae australian pink floyd show lord of the dance andrea bocelli carmen kool & the gang tiësto enrique iglesias scorpions buena vista faithless eros ramazzotti elton john 50 cent references external links gallery image : steelarena3 .
22	despite all this , titan has a flourishing arctic ecosystem , apparently at the top of which is a clawed , blubbery seal - like native race of infant-like intelligence .
16	however , it does occur in many other safety-critical items such as fuel line and rubber seal , such as gaskets and o-rings , where ozone attack is considered unlikely .
10	the clerk also was the custodian of the court 's seal , which is used to authenticate copies of the court 's order , judgments and other records .
61	'' taylor has cited influences such as david bowie , metric , death cab , r.e.m , the decemberists , ambulance ltd , tegan and sarah , radiohead , robbie williams , elton john , belle and sebastian , elbow , inxs , garbage , muse , peter gabriel , queen , sufjan stevens , billy joel , yoko kanno , seal , and the police .
13	limitations the primary difficulty in underwater camera usage is , of course , seal the camera from water at high pressure , while maintaining the ability to operate it .
35	psychrobacter lutiphocae is a gram-negative , aerobic oxidase - and catalase - positive , non - spore - forming , non-motile bacterium from the genus of psychrobacter which was isolated from the faeces of a seal in schleswig-holstein in germany .
2	a faience seal and a block naming an osorkon with throne name aakheperre , were for a long time attributed to osorkon iv ; however , this attribution has been criticized by frederic payraudeau in 2000 , who pointed out that those objects more likely referred to osorkon the elder .
4	they shot and ate seal , walrus , and especially polar bear throughout the march .
10	the purpose of the barrel is to provide a consistent seal , allowing the bullet to accelerate to a consistent velocity .
15	name sæl is the pre-1917 reform bokmål version of the norwegian word sel , meaning seal .
24	contemporary typographers view typography as craft with a very long history tracing its origins back to the first punches and dies used to make seal and currency in ancient times .
32	in the next few years ofm consistently charted on the billboard charts with production , remixer , and writers credits with britney spears , justin timberlake , beyoncé , kelly rowland , seal , usher , blue cantrell , backstreet boys , birdman , alanis morissette , janet jackson , annie lennox , dolce , tina ann , fabolous , bone crusher , shakira , and jessica simpson .
5	their primary uses are for seal , adhesive and molded flexible parts .
3	bolesław iii 's seal , dated to 1337 .
16	for example , oils , and grease , and rubber , or plastic gasket used as seal for the vacuum chamber must not boil off when exposed to the vacuum , or the gases they produce would prevent the creation of the desired degree of vacuum .
32	he is a prolific session musician and guitarist who has played on a large number of albums since the early 1980s with artists as varied as minoru niihara , joni mitchell , seal , michael jackson , james taylor , helen watson , richard marx , steve perry , pink floyd , roger daltrey , glenn frey , and miles davis .
21	he collaborated with top songwriters such as ty lacy and steve power , and recorded duets with both bryan adams and seal .
41	overloading a converter can result in several failure modes , some of them potentially dangerous in nature : overheating : continuous high levels of slippage may overwhelm the converter 's ability to dissipate heat , resulting in damage to the elastomer seal that retain fluid inside the converter .
13	soul 2 is the eighth studio album by british soul / b singer seal .
10	culleenamore is a diverse animal habitat , and also a seal sanctuary .
13	more than twenty years on , he is still active , producing with seal , tina turner , paul mccartney , tom jones , cher , simple minds , belle and sebastian , t.a.t.u. , charlotte church , captain , pet shop boys and robbie williams among his many credits .
35	the headland was charted and named in 1911 by the northern party , led by victor campbell , of the british antarctic expedition , 1910–13 , and named because of the great number of young seal , known as calves , distributed nearby this headland .
84	counterfeiting money , or attempting to coin genuine legal tender without due authorization ; tampering with wills , codicils , or such-like legal instruments ; prying into the correspondence of others to their prejudice ; using false weights and measures , adulterating merchandise , so as to render saleable what purchasers would otherwise never buy , or so as to derive larger profits from goods otherwise marketable only at lower figures ; bribing judges , suborning witnesses ; advancing false testimony ; manufacturing spurious seal ; forging signatures ; padding accounts ; interpolating the texts of legal enactments ; and sharing in the pretended birth of supposititious offspring are among the chief forms which this crime assumes .
15	assynt is renowned for having diverse wildlife and achmelvich is no exceptions with cetacean , seal , basking shark , otter , pine marten , osprey and white-tailed eagle having been seen in the area .
26	king edward showed his fellow englishman alan favor , and on 12 june 1291 , appointed him chancellor of scotland and handed over to him the seal of regency .
27	paramyxoviruses are also responsible for a range of diseases in other animal species , for example canine distemper virus ( dog ) , phocine distemper virus ( seal ) , cetacean morbillivirus ( dolphin and porpoise ) , newcastle disease virus ( birds ) , and rinderpest virus ( cattle ) .
9	the production was handled by horn who worked with seal , tina turner , cher , robbie williams , frankie goes to hollywood and many others successful singers and bands .
22	coat of arms the coat of arms of the borough of poole the design of the coat of arms originated in a seal from the late 14th century and were recorded by clarenceux king of arms during the heraldic visitation of dorset in 1563 .
23	one of the primary values of spray-foam insulation is its ability to create an airtight ( and in some cases , watertight ) seal directly against the substrate to reduce the undesirable effects of air leakage .
19	on march 10 , 2012 , the soul rebels shared the stage with kanye west , snoop dogg and seal at brad pitt 's night to make it right foundation new orleans after-party , hosted by comedian aziz ansari .
9	there 's evidence of paleolithic people killing and eating seal and elands as far as 100,000 years bp .
8	it was previously a popular location for hunting seal .
70	written in the ( early modern spelling of the ) dutch language , it is inspired by the motto of the united dutch provinces ( first dutch republic , predecessor of the current kingdom of the netherlands ) , ( currently also the official motto of the neighboring kingdom of belgium ) and translated '' in unity , there is strength . '' the motto is displayed on the borough seal and flag , which also feature a young robed woman bearing a bundle of bound rods known as a '' fasces '' , a traditional emblem of republicanism .
10	uses an epdm rubber roof epdm rubber is used in seal ( for example , it is used in cold-room doors since it is an insulator , as well as in the face seals of industrial respirators in automotive paint spray environments , where silicone must be avoided ) .
36	a change is gonna come -- single cover it 's a man 's man 's man 's world -- single cover it 's alright -- single cover soul is the sixth studio album by british singer seal , which was released on 10 november 2008 .
11	producers such as trevor horn ( frankie goes to hollywood , seal , etc. ) , martin hannet ( the stone roses , joy division , etc. ) and arthur baker ( bruce springsteen , bob dylan , kraftwerk , al green ) all visited spirit to record and produce their work .
38	construction scuba diver with bifocal lenses in mask diving masks may have a single , durable , tempered glass plate in front of the eye and a '' skirt '' of rubber or silicone to create a watertight seal with the diver 's face .
13	generally speaking , standard ball joints will outlive sealed ones because eventually the seal will break , causing the joint to dry out and rust .
21	it has the sound of an early 1990s dance hit , and the song has been compared to the music by seal and adamski .
8	industries in kangiqsualujjuaq include hunting of caribou , seal and beluga whale , arctic char fishing , and the production of inuit art .
14	the first representation of the castle dates back to 1307 , imprinted on the seal allowed to the city by albert ii .
21	waterfowl and shorebirds occupy the bay during all but the winter season , while waterbirds and marine mammals including otter , seal , porpoise , and whale remain in the bay all year .
41	background prior to the release of the album , cook was a songwriter , session musician and backing vocalist for other artists , and had worked with paul young , george michael , marc almond , frankie goes to hollywood , seal and gerry rafferty .
18	the importance of the galley to the sea-kings of the crovan dynasty is illustrated in its implementation upon seal that certain members are known to have used .
10	animals such as shark , stingray , weever fish , seal and jellyfish can sometimes present a danger .
36	the contributing artists on the cd are : bono and the edge , eddie vedder , paul simon and edie brickell , faith hill , sade , lauryn hill , rita wilson , diana krall , seal , dave matthews band , sting , alanis morissette , edward sharpe and the magnetic zeros , david bowie , cedella marley , beck , rufus wainwright , patti smith , and coldplay .
32	at the height of her days at malmaison , joséphine had the company of kangaroos , emus , black swans , zebras , sheep , gazelles , ostriches , chamois , a seal , antelopes and llama to name a few .
1	( seal ) ( 1963-1981 ) sold to stapletask ltd , sittingbourne , kent , england .
11	monheim was awarded its town rights shortly after and the oldest seal of the town dates from 1340 .
44	the population in 2002 was the indigenous population ( from 1872 to the 1950s when it was resettled to the mainland ) consisted of about 50 -- 300 nenetses who subsisted mainly on fishing , trapping , reindeer herding , polar bear hunting and seal hunting .
8	city logo the st. catharines logo ( or seal ) performs much the same function as a coat of arms .
22	) where a portion of the exterior housing has been removed to reveal the internal components , ( piston , bearing , seal , etc. .
16	moose , caribou , fox , wolverine , otter and beaver are also found as are seal , sea lion , sea otter and whale and various seabirds such as eagle found along the shore .
8	'' the beginning '' is a song by seal .
11	activity in the region flourished as trading in sea otter and seal boomed .
13	some bearing assemblies require routine addition of lubricants , while others are factory seal , requiring no further maintenance for the life of the mechanical assembly .
9	the inspiration for the dannebrog pennant was a 13th-century seal used by erik abelsøn , duke of schleswig .
30	upon a request by the julius bien company in new york city to provide a description of the municipal banner , the common council adopted its first official flag and seal .
59	typical o-ring and application an o-ring , also known as a packing , or a toric joint , is a mechanical gasket in the shape of a torus ; it is a loop of elastomer with a round cross-section , designed to be seated in a groove and compressed during assembly between two or more parts , creating a seal at the interface .
22	it was so named in 1902 by the swedish surveyor johan gunnar andersson who found old english try pot used to render seal oil at the site .
22	another image shows the pope and a number of bishops presenting a large papal bull , carrying a total of 11 ecclesiastic seal but no text .
72	that the town council is desirous of having armorial bearing duly established with lawful authority and he therefore as town mayor of the town of horwich and on behalf of the council thereof did request the favor of his grace 's warrant for our granting and assigning such arms and crest as we may consider fit and proper to be borne and used by the town council of horwich on its common seal or otherwise according to the laws of arms .
14	it is theorised that they benefit from the actions of diving predators such as seal and penguin which push prey up towards the surface while hunting , allowing the surface feeding storm petrels to reach them .
20	'' and t-pain 's '' i 'm in love with a stripper '' as well as prominent artists such as seal , johnny cash and more earning him awards and accolades as prestigious as both , international and american , 2004 remix artist of the year .
5	both are comparable to a seal .
28	lid of a tic tac mint case a lid , also known as a cap , is part of a container , and serves as the cover or seal , usually one that completely closes the object .
11	he was also the first catalonian count to have his own seal , imitating the carolingian emperors and the frankish kings in style .
33	come vivrei is an enchanting italian adaption of trisha yearwood 's grammy award winning song , how do i live , whereas other classics included are the poetic kiss from a rose by seal , and crying by roy orbison , both reworked into baritone adaptions from their original versions .
30	another of the tracks on still waters is performed with the south african group , ladysmith black mambazo , and '' ca n't stop the river '' was written by seal .
9	he is also known to have bore a waxen seal which depicted a sailing ship on one side and a lion on the other .
4	aggressively searching for new seal rookeries south of cape horn , on 17 november 1820 , palmer and his men became the first americans and the third group of people to discover the antarctic peninsula .
2	not all seal are preserved .
6	most are covered by a or seal on the outside for weatherproofing .
19	the band has shared the stage with performers such as david gray ( musician ) , james morrison , seal , eric bibb , joss stone , the dubliners , arlo guthrie and korn .
20	a portion of the area of the disc is used for intake and compression , a portion is used to seal against a center casing , and the remaining portion is used for expansion and exhaust .
23	the 2006 delhi sealing drive was a campaign by the municipal corporation of delhi ( mcd ) to close ( and thus '' seal '' the locks of ) a number of illegal commercial establishments in delhi , india which are running in residential areas without authorization .
23	however , the dyes in these cells also suffer from degradation under heat and uv light and the cell casing is difficult to seal due to the solvents used in assembly .
9	present-day provinces of thailand this list includes all the seal of the provinces of thailand .
1	overcharging seal ni -- cd cells consist of a pressure vessel that is supposed to contain any generation of oxygen and hydrogen gases until they can recombine back to water .
5	the company bought and processed seal and whale oil from christensen vessels .
21	he also stated his wish list for guest appearances would include lauryn hill , 2 chainz , jay-z , drake , seal , ceelo green , diddy , meek mill , beyonce knowles , fabolous , dipset , ariana grande and eric bellinger .
10	at the circus , tiny introduces panny to a local seal .
2	hunters seeking seal and sea otter worked out the island between 1790 and 1850 .
23	the source of nutrition for the chono , yahgans , and alcaaluf thus mainly consisted of sea food such as ; whale , seal porpoise , guanaco , and otter .
24	as of 2008 , the following sections remain fully in force : secure fencing and handrails for teagle openings and doorways ; water - seal gasholder .
17	and funeral for a friend , as well as pop artists prince , madonna , björk , seal , annie lennox and pet shop boys .
25	the rzucewo people had domesticated cattle , pigs , some goats , but did little cultivation and engaged in fishery and hunting , especially of seal , then numerous along the baltic coast .
22	'' '' the stripped-down approach works well throughout the plaintive ballad ` believe in me ' , which sounds like a low-tech seal song .
1	the seal of bishop william de bondington .
13	not far from dyers island is geyser island , a breeding ground for seal .
10	coaches series 1 coaches delta goodrem , joel madden and seal are set to return .
13	in the period that enguerrand founded his order , he chose a new seal .
7	pingu 's friends robby is a gray seal .
2	ba'alis 's seal ( shown on the cover of the issue of biblical archaeology review , where this article was first published ) is made of brown agate with white bands and is in fact quite tiny ( 0.5 inches in diameter and 0.2 inches thick ) .
20	a jug with a cork bung a bung , stopper or cork is a truncated cylindrical or conical closure to seal a container , such as a bottle , tube or barrel .
128	the album features akon , ashanti , babyface , ben jelen , bilal , bonnie mckee , bonnie raitt , brandy , claudette ortiz , don yute , eric clapton , ellie lawson , emmylou harris , everclear , eve , fabolous , faith evans , farena , floetry , freckles , jadakiss , jamie foxx , jaheim , jon b , julia fordham , jurassic 5 , kristine w , lady saw , lenny kravitz , mary j. blige , marques houston , matt nathanson , mc lyte , monica , miri ben-ari , missy elliott , mr. north , musiq , mystic , nate dogg , of a revolution , omarion , raphael saadiq , rev run , res , russell simmons , $ 5 , seal , the latin kings , tracy edmonds , wayne wonder , wyclef jean and yoko ono .
15	other notable british artists in pop music include ; spice girls , george michael , seal , leona lewis , one direction , ed sheeran and robbie williams .
13	2013 -- present in april 2013 , connie mitchell was a mentor to seal 's artists on the australian version of the voice .
9	dry gas seals are non-contacting , dry-running mechanical face seal consist of a mating ( rotating ) ring and a primary ( stationary ) ring .
2	władysław 's seal , dated to 1317 .
108	activities/master classes the academy is a host to master-classes by nationally and internationally-renowned musicians , producers and managers including : albert lee ( eric clapton , the everly brothers ) , laurie jenkins ( kasabian , beverley knight ) , guthrie govan ( dizzee rascal ) , ash soan ( adele , robbie williams ) , katie holmes ( professor green , lily allen ) , oli saville and nathan curran ( basement jaxx ) , luke bullen and arnulf linder ( kt tunstall ) , dave troke ( overtones ) , vintage trouble , vula malinga ( mark ronson , sam sparro ) , simon have ( seal , george michael ) , bruce findlay ( simple minds ) .
39	it featured a beached female hyneria attempting to catch prey by sliding along the muddy ground like a walrus to catch two hynerpeton ( with the narrator explaining that it could '' attack like a killer whale after a seal '' ) .
14	these claims included : fighting amongst the insurrectionists in uruguay , to have hunted seal down the south american coast and around cape horn as well as labrador , and to have played rugby in france , germany , south africa , india and north and south america .
8	it is thus a device that provides a seal between a stationary supply passage ( such as pipe or tubing ) and a rotating part ( such as a drum , cylinder , or spindle ) to permit the flow of a fluid into and/or out of the rotating part .
41	in 1994 , the song '' how do you stop '' , that he co-wrote with dan hartman for james brown 's 1986 album gravity was covered by joni mitchell on her album turbulent indigo in a version featuring vocals by seal .
45	durisdeer is often taken as an anglo - latin corruption of dorus doire , entrance to the wood or thicket ; but the word dair is also an old gaelic word for an oak , and this is probably why andrew had acorn on his seal .
18	he had much less power than other ( king 's ) chancellors , he guarded the queen 's seal and was the second most important official of her court , after her court marshall .
42	sightseeing saw rob hit his peak as a singer , writer and producer , bringing together his rocking live band and a host of top guest 's including , guitarist steve harris ( gary numan ) , keyboard player richard cottle ( seal ) , and percussionist miles bould ( sting ) .
13	airman applying caulk to baseboard caulking is one of several different processes to seal joints or seams in various structures and some types of piping .
41	1981 - 1985 : conservatory köln 1985 - 1988 : scholarship holder at the herbert karajan stiftung in berlin for classic trumpet ( professors : robert platt and ack van rooyen ) baldauf played with james brown , liza minnelli , seal , shirley bassey , michael bublé , and he was on tour with maceo parker , joe zawinul , shirley bassey , udo jürgens .
27	the river 's name means wolf river in french and may have come from a native tribe known as '' les loups '' or from the many seal , known in french as loup-marin , once found at the river 's mouth .
28	she insists on something to guarantee her safety in his absence and , as a symbol of his promise and his protection , he gives her his imperial seal of authority .
11	the skf group currently consists of approximately 150 companies including the seal manufacturer chicago rawhide .
5	the flexible nature of this seal allows pressure effects to cross the barrier but not the material being contained .
81	these materials include : low-density flexible foam used in upholstery , bedding , and automotive and truck seating low-density rigid foam used for thermal insulation and rtm cores soft solid elastomers used for gel pads and print rollers low density elastomers used in footwear hard solid plastics used as electronic instrument bezels and structural parts flexible plastics used as straps and bands polyurethane foam is widely used in high resiliency flexible foam seating , rigid foam insulation panels , microcellular foam seal and gasket , durable elastomeric wheels and tires , automotive suspension bushings , electrical potting compounds , seals , gaskets , carpet underlay , and hard plastic parts ( such as for electronic instruments ) .
42	the cd is positioned to reach a broad and popular audience with an accessible collection of inspiring tracks from artists including sarah mclachlan , ziggy marley , peter gabriel , michael franti , sheryl crow , krishna das , anjelique kidjo , seal & guru singh , anoushka shankar & sting .
11	these first kayaks were constructed from stitched animal skins such as seal stretched over a wooden frame made from collected driftwood , as many of the areas of their construction were treeless .
7	he has collaborated with such artists as seal , sarah brightman , josh groban , john legend , bebe winans , gladys knight , jessica simpson , shaffer '' ne-yo '' smith , skylar grey , mozella , sacha skarbek , randy jackson , dj khalil , carole bayer sager , jc chasez , fergie , kardinal offishall , bc jean , planet vi , boi-1da , as a songwriter , musician and producer .
7	a rubber gasket makes for a tight seal against the wire .
7	the two-time grammy nominee has worked with seal , coldplay , paul oakenfold , alanis morissette , dido , jem , niyaz , ryuichi sakamoto , khaled , tiesto , bt , esthero , a.r . rahman and pete townshend .