17	a serial computer is typified by bit-serial architecture -- i.e. , internally operating on one bit or digit for each clock cycle .
17	a binary code represents text or computer processor instructions using the binary number system 's two binary digit , 0 and 1 .
11	two dice of different colors are typically used for the two digit to represent numbers from 00 to 99 .
9	modern electronic calculators contain a keyboard with buttons for digit and arithmetical operations .
14	representation introduction a rational number is represented in quote notation as a sequence of digit with a quote mark and radix point .
10	similarly , telephone numbers are routinely expected to include the digit and possibly the characters + , - , ( , and ) ( plus , minus , and parentheses ) .
19	it is recommended that when a grid is visually presented , the font used should clearly distinguish between the digit ` 1 ' and ` 0 ' on the one hand , and the letter ` i ' and ` o ' on the other hand .
18	11 goes into 99 exactly 9 times , so vulgar fraction with 11 in the denominator have two digit repeating sequences in their decimal expansions .
25	multiple-instance learning was originally proposed under this name by , but earlier examples of similar research exist , for instance in the work on handwritten digit recognition by .
2	examples digits digit can be memorized by their shapes , so that : 0 - looks like an egg , or a ball ; 1 - a pencil , or a candle ; 2 - a duck , or a swan ; 3 - an ear ; a pair of pouted lips 4 - a sail , a yacht ; 5 - a key ; 6 - a comet ; 7 - a knee ; 8 - a snowman , or a pair of glasses ; 9 - an apostrophe , or comma .
7	the limb are well developed with long digit and sharp claw .
39	the other options are digitigrade , walking on the toe with the heel and wrist permanently raised , and unguligrade , walking on the nail or nails of the toes ( the hoof ) with the heel/wrist and the digit permanently raised .
2	in gangrenous digit , amputation is frequently required .
42	the polydactyly in these largely aquatic animal is not to be confused with polydactyly in the medical sense , i.e. it was not an anomaly in the sense it was not a congenital condition of having more than the typical number of digit for a given taxon .
14	morphology pronycticebus neglectus possessed what appears to be a grooming claw on the second digit of each foot like modern strepsirhine ( fleagle , 1999 ) and had a dental formula of 2 : 1 : 4 : 3 .
10	andrus point ( ) is a prominent , rocky , digit - like headland that juts eastward into lady newnes bay toward the floating glacier tongue of the parker glacier , in victoria land .
4	a dewclaw is a digit -- vestigial in some animals -- on the foot of many mammal , bird , and reptile ( including some extinct orders , like certain theropod ) .
7	many maintain that it is easier for digit to be reduced or lost during evolution than the reverse , however there is no evidence for this .
30	some evolutionary anatomist use the term hand to refer to the appendage of digits on the forelimb more generally -- for example , in the context of whether the three digit of the bird hand involved the same homologous loss of two digits as in the dinosaur hand .
2	the last digit ( number 5 ) was long .