4	patrick plays guitar , bass , keyboards in the studio , and occasionally plays drums live .
25	scoring the work is scored for three vocal soloists in the roles narrator , tenor schlendrian ( literally : stick in the mud ) , bass lieschen , his daughter , soprano .
18	kaspar bausewein ( 15 november 1838 , aub -18 november 1903 , munich ) was a german opera bass who was active at the bavarian state opera from 1858 through 1900 .
46	mark reizen mark osipovich reizen , also reisen or reyzen ( , born in zaitsevo village , ekaterinoslav province , russian empire ( now ukraine ) died november 25 , 1992 moscow , russia ) was a leading soviet opera singer with a beautiful and expansive bass voice .
10	in his teens , he switched to flugelhorn , then bass , and finally guitar .
34	late in 1986 , the original members parted ways , creating a void until dave coutts , mark templin & steve coutts brought in lisa marie presley 's first husband danny keough to play bass .
46	important jazz concert appearances at the town hall include the june 22 , 1945 concert featuring dizzy gillespie , on trumpet ; charlie parker , on alto saxophone ; don byas , on tenor saxophone ; al haig , on piano ; curley russell , on bass , and max roach , on drums ( with '' big '' sid catlett substituting for roach on a few titles ) which provided the public with its first mainstream exposure to the quickly evolving style of jazz that came to be popularly known as bebop .
14	pfauter left the band in 1984 and brent turner was brought in to play bass on the recording of their first album , when in rome do as the vandals .
14	however , in its fullest form the omnibus progression involves a descent in the bass which traverses a whole octave and includes every note of the chromatic scale .
10	the lineup was filled by rhythm members mark levin on bass and jim cavanaugh on drums , and wanderlust was formed .
17	branningan circa 1960 owen brannigan obe ( 10 march 1908 9 may 1973 ) was an english bass , known in opera for buffo roles and in concert for a wide range of solo parts in music ranging from henry purcell to michael tippett .
6	the members were lisa cook on bass , daryl stanislaw on drums , lyndon holmes on guitar and vocals , and ellyott on lead vocals and guitar ; ellyott was the main singer and song writer of israeli band pollyanaa frank , one of israel 's most important alternative bands .
11	chris childs ( born 24 june 1959 ) is an english bass player who was a member of the hard rock band thunder from 1996 to 1999 and again from 2002 to 2009 .
21	their earlier work is noted for genre-crossing stylings , distorted , morose , and at times alien lyrics , distinctive funk bass lines , and extensive use of lo-fi recording practices .
16	members yasuko onuki -- vocals ichirou agata -- guitar , effects former members rika hamamoto -- bass drummers melt-banana does not currently have an official drummer .
14	there is usually a brass instrument ensemble , and sometimes a tuba substitutes for bass .
9	at the close of the gala , the renowned bass feodor chaliapin read an emotional farewell speech in both italian and russian .
21	instrumentation several bebop musicians headlining on 52nd street , may 1948 the classic bebop combo consisted of saxophone , trumpet , bass , drums , and piano .
31	scoring and structure flauto piccolo ( bottom ) , shown in comparison to other recorders the cantata in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , trumpet , flauto piccolo ( descant recorder in d ) , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and continuo .
27	the original lineup for the band included prem panicker on the drums , grant umeda on the guitar and piano , sameer sharma on the guitar and bass , and jason park singing the lead vocals .
6	taras konoshchenko is a ukrainian opera bass .
51	history the band was formed in 1987 by andy maconald ( aka '' dr. technology '' , guitar ) , p6 ( aka '' fat bastard '' , '' wilberforce '' , real name phil eaglesham , vocals ) , with the line-up completed by mofungo diggs ( steven macdougall , bass ) and richie dempsey ( drums ) .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , two horn , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
15	the word benga is occasionally used to refer to any kind of pop music : bass , guitar and percussion are the usual instruments .
14	composers avoided writing consecutive fifths between two independent parts , such as tenor and bass lines .
16	bach scored the work for five vocal parts ( two soprano , alto , tenor and bass , ssatb ) .
15	lodewijk ( ludwig is the german cognate of dutch lodewijk ) was employed as a bass singer at the court of the elector of cologne , eventually rising to become kapellmeister ( music director ) .
14	members dave chandler - guitar , vocals ( saint vitus ) ron holzner - bass ( trouble , place of skulls , novembers doom ) jimmy bower - drum ( superjoint ritual , eyehategod , down ) discography albums debris inc. .
16	in the play and the series , george manghan , a middle aged , debt ridden bass player in a jazz band , falls in love with the wealthy and much younger blonde singer terry , much to the distress of her father .
5	fishermen will find trout , bass , perch and bullhead in chenango lake .
42	this is especially pronounced on the key recordings from 1965 ( the magic city , the heliocentric worlds of sun ra , volume one and the heliocentric worlds of sun ra , volume two ) where the intertwining lines of boykins ' bass and ra 's electronic keyboards provide the cohesion .
21	entimio polonini alessandro polonini 's father , entimio polonini ( born circa 1820 ) , was also an opera singer ( bass ) who sang in italy , paris , st. petersburg and london .
6	from 1940 to 1968 he was bass singer with the alexandrov ensemble ; promoted to soloist 1950 .
17	track listing personnel abdullah ibrahim -- piano , soprano saxophone , voice , leader cecil mcbee -- bass roy brooks -- drums album cover cover art by photographer/software designer michael jai feinberg , who was abdullah ibrahim 's neighbor in bearsville , new york .
6	his replacement was alex baracco ( bass ) .
10	the classic bebop combo consisted of saxophone , trumpet , bass , drums , and piano .
24	carrie was a british based rock music band , featuring the former levitation and some have fins singer/guitarist steve ludwin , ex - emf bass player zac foley , guitarist dennis dicker and australia drummer , bruce pawsey .
8	in 1987 he joined the ensemble as a bass soloist , and became people 's artist of the ussr .
31	violet town 's members were wayne ( buz ) hissock on guitar and vocals , warren pitts on keyboards and vocals , peter van on drums , and luke blackburn on bass and vocals .
32	since its inception in 2000 , the band 's line-up has consisted of gabby alipe ( vocals , guitar ) , john dinopol ( guitar , vocals ) , and lalay ( bass , vocals ) .
6	personnel paul mccartney double-tracked vocal , bass john lennon harmony vocal , acoustic rhythm guitar , harmonium ringo starr drums , tambourine george martin producer norman smith engineer macdonald was not sure whether or not harrison sang a harmony vocal part .
24	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored rather modestly : the four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) and a four-part choir are accompanied only by two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
21	history 1968 1971 the band was formed in september 1968 by drummer jon hiseman , tenor sax player dick heckstall-smith and bass player tony reeves , who had previously worked together in john mayall 's bluesbreakers on the bare wires album .
34	in 1979 , the singer vlado hristov - krle ( vocals ) formed a new structure of fol jazik , with vladimir petrovski - karter ( guitar ) , branko spasovski - puma ( bass ) and spend ibraimi - spend ( drums ) .
27	the band has four members : swapnil sharma in vocals , prashant vk in rhythm guitar , prakash rasailey in lead guitar , and amit pradhan in bass .
27	the music was recorded at sound city , tower side , fe1 , with takayuki hijikata and makoto matsushita at the guitars , michio nagaoka at the bass and toshinobu takimoto at the drums .
14	the album presents a live performance of pianist keith jarrett with gary peacock on bass and jack de johnette on drums , recorded on july 2 , 1985 in paris , at the palais des congrès studios de la grande armée , the second of a two-night engagement at that venue .
7	jack bruce joined the group to provide bass and vocals on its second album , turn it over , released in 1970 .
59	hon. sir joseph porter , kcb , first lord of the admiralty ( comic baritone ) captain corcoran , commander of h.m.s. pinafore ( lyric baritone ) ralph rackstraw , able seaman ( tenor ) dick deadeye , able seaman ( bass-baritone ) bill bobstay , boatswain 's mate ( baritone ) bob becket , carpenter 's mate ( bass ) josephine , the captain 's daughter ( soprano ) cousin hebe , sir joseph 's first cousin ( mezzo-soprano ) mrs. cripps ( little buttercup ) , a portsmouth bumboat woman ( contralto ) chorus of first lord 's sisters , his cousins , his aunts , sailors , marines , etc. synopsis act i the british warship h.m.s. pinafore is at anchor off portsmouth .
36	vic bondi ( articles of faith ) recording a live album in germany ( 1992 ) personnel articles of faith ( band ) vic bondi - guitar , vocals joe scudari - guitar dave shield - bass , vocals dorian taskbasksh - guitar virus x - drum tobby holzinger - producer liner notes by vic bondi this is the last recording of articles of faith ( band ) .
14	credits and personnel ; personnel madonna -- vocals , background vocals bernard edwards -- bass brenda king -- background vocals curtis king -- background vocals lenny pickett -- saxophone nile rodgers -- guitar , synclavier robert sabino -- synthesizer nathaniel s. hardy , jr . -- synthesizer frank simms -- background vocals george simms -- background vocals dave weckl -- drums tony thompson -- drums ; design jeri mcmanus -- art direction , design jeffrey kent ayer -- art direction , design steven meisel -- photography maripol -- stylist ; production madonna -- producer stephen bray -- producer nile rodgers -- producer jason corsaro -- engineer budd tunick -- production manager bob ludwig -- audio mastering jimmy bralower -- drum programming ; record company sire records -- record label , u.s. copyright owner ( 1984 , 1985 ) warner bros. .
29	members the original group consisted of harry douglas ( baritone ) , vernon gardner ( first tenor ) , george lawson ( second tenor ) and edward ware ( bass ) .
31	track listing personnel art pepper -- alto saxophone stanley cowell -- piano howard roberts -- guitar ( on '' mr. big '' and '' brazil '' only ) cecil mcbee -- bass carl burnett -- drums stanley cowell does not play on '' brazil '' ; howard roberts adds a second guitar part .
46	track listings ; cd single - france ; cd single - usa ; cd maxi single - europe personnel joan osborne -- vocals , percussion , acoustic guitar eric bazilian -- guitar , mandolin , chant , saxophone , harmonica , electric piano mark egan -- bass rob hyman -- piano , organ , synthesizer , mellotron , backing vocals , drum andy kravitz -- drums , percussion accolades , chart performances and sales the song received grammy nominations in 1996 for best female pop vocal performance , record of the year , and song of the year .
27	by the time he made the 1966 recording of the lincoln center production of the musical , his voice had deepened from merely bass-baritone to a full-fledged bass , and he could not sing the climactic high note on ol' man river as easily as he had in the 1951 film version , though he sounded fine on his lower notes .
7	living loud was a recording project featuring bass player and songwriter bob daisley , uriah heep drummer lee kerslake , guitar steve morse of deep purple and cold chisel singer jimmy barnes .
17	xix 164 -- 7 located at the biblioteca nazionale centrale firenze uncovered previously unidentified emblems in the bass partbook .
7	other musicians involved include curly russell on bass and max roach on drums .
21	dillon '' curley '' russell ( 19 march 1917 3 july 1986 ) was an american jazz double-bassist , who played bass on many bebop recordings .
13	personnel rufus wainwright -- vocals , piano , string arrangement jeff hill -- bass jim keltner -- drums yves desrosiers -- banjo , guitar pierre marchand -- string arrangements stephanie allard -- violin jean-marc leblanc -- violin melanie belair -- violin genevieve beaudry -- violin julie dupras -- viola wilma hos -- viola veronique potuin -- viola greg hay -- viola carla antoun -- cello christine giguere -- cello jean paquin -- french horn pierre savoie -- french horn normand forget -- oboe appearances apart from being the opening and closing track on poses , a live performance of '' cigarettes and chocolate milk '' from central park summerstage appeared on wainwright 's 2005 music dvd , all i want .
11	during that period he began to be seriously interested in the bass .
15	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for alto , tenor and bass soloist , a four-part choir ( only for the final chorale ) , horn , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
6	mortiis began his musical career playing bass for the black metal act emperor .
19	moody jones ( april 8 , 1908 - march 23 , 1988 ) was an american blues guitar , bass player , and singer , who is significant for his role in the development of the post-war chicago blues sound in the late 1940s .
15	ain anger ( born june 17 , 1971 in kuressaare ) is an estonian opera bass .
13	'' track listing performers chris mccaughan - guitar , vocals brendan kelly - bass , vocals neil hennessy - drums album information record label : fat wreck chords recorded , mixed and produced september-october 2001 at atlas studios in andersonville , chicago by matt allison paintings and sketches by josh marshall type design and layout by david holtz additional art and layout by the lawrence arms and kate mccaughan pseudonyms in the album 's liner notes , the band members identify themselves under the false names clarence darrow , lehigh acres , and weekawken hennessy .
34	since its inception , the band has comprised singers jānis šipkēvics , andris sējāns ( both countertenor ) , juris lisenko ( tenor ) , jānis ozols ( baritone ) , jānis strazdiņš ( bass ) and reinis sējāns ( rhythm ) .
23	yevgeny nesterenko ( 2008 ) yevgeny yevgenievich nesterenko ( евгений евгеньевич нестеренко , born 8 january 1938 ) is a renowned russian opera bass .
18	jerome a. hines ( november 8 , 1921 -- february 4 , 2003 ) was an american opera bass who performed at the metropolitan opera from 1946 to 1987 .
49	the group was a full five-piece band by 1978 that featured connell on guitar , franny davidson on banjo -- replaced by richard underwood after the band 's first recording session -- ( eddie d'zmura ) ( musician ) , eddie stubbs on fiddle , and larry robbins playing bass .
21	tyler dianocky ( guitar ) , dan davidson ( guitar ) , greg williamson ( drums ) and steve vincent ( bass ) first played together in a folk music band for paying shows before meeting matt landry ( vocals ) through mutual friends , after watching him perform solo .
10	track listing personnel tim may : guitars andy muson : bass denny seiwell : drums louis st. louis : keyboards michael gibson : orchestrations reception billboard magazine listed the album among its '' top album picks '' , meaning that the album was predicted to reach the top half of the album chart .
27	music video the music video was directed by jonas åkerlund and is a performance-based music video , the first to feature melissa auf der maur , playing bass with the band after the departure of d'arcy wretzky .
22	personnel ; tracks 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 horace silver piano carmell jones trumpet joe henderson tenor saxophone teddy smith bass roger humphries drums ; tracks 3 , 6-10 horace silver piano blue mitchell trumpet exc .
21	fire it up has been used by the mlb track listing credits trevor mcnevan - vocals , guitar joel bruyere - bass steve augustine - drums pete stewart - additional guitar music video trevor mcnevan stated that a music video for the song , which will make it the first song from welcome to the masquerade to receive one , was in production .
2	he played bass , guitar , and saxophone .
14	oszkár kálmán ( 19 june 1887 - 17 september 1971 ) was a hungarian bass , remembered as the first bluebeard .
18	the original lineup consisted of don fleming ( vocals and guitar ) , eric vermillion ( vocals , bass ) , and jay spiegel ( drums ) .
21	after you 've gone this segment again featured benny goodman and the goodman octet as eight anthropomorphized instruments ( piano , bass , drums , clarinet , trumpet , trombone , alto sax , tenor sax ) who paraded through a musical playground .
17	lindell started playing in northern california bar , first with the guitar , and later moving to bass , while working as a baker during the day to make ends meet .
30	career 1965-1972 gass and peter green bobby tench formed gass with godfrey and errol mclean in may 1965 , credited as robert tench and featured as vocalist , guitarist and bass player .
12	he brought together bob mcnett ( guitar ) , hillous butrum ( bass ) , jerry rivers ( fiddle ) and don helms ( steel guitar ) to form the most famous version of the drifting cowboys , earning an estimated us$ 1,000 per show ( equivalent to us$ in ) .
26	with carlson on fiddle , the band includes greg earnest on banjo , casey cook on guitar , michael smith on mandolin and keith morris on bass all of whom are also members of the atlanta - based bluegrass band the dappled grays .
3	samy maluenda , bass ( 2009 - • ) .
15	sir john rowland tomlinson , cbe ( born 22 september 1946 ) is an english bass .
22	camp meeting is the tenth studio album by american pianist and singer bruce hornsby , who was joined by christian mcbride ( bass ) and jack dejohnette ( drums ) .
20	scoring and structure the work in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , four trombone , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
28	the group included eddie lewis ( tenor , ward 's cousin ) , charles fizer ( tenor ) , walter hammond ( baritone ) and melvin king ( bass ) and except for lewis were friends in a los angeles , california , high school .
20	personnel performance bud powell -- piano ( all ) curtis fuller -- trombone ( tracks 6-8 ) paul chambers -- bass ( all except track 4 ) art taylor -- drums ( all except track 4 ) production bob blumenthal -- liner notes michael boland - art direction and design michael cuscuna -- producer leonard feather -- liner notes gordan h. jee - creative direction alfred lion -- producer , original session producer reid miles -- cover design rudy van gelder -- recording engineer , mastering francis wolff -- photography , cover photo release history the album was first released in 1957 as a 12 '' lp .
19	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
11	at the time , it featured heyn van de geyn on bass and dré pallemaerts on drums .
16	track listing personnel anja orthodox - vocal , lyrics paweł pieczyński - guitar krzysztof najman - bass piotr pawłowski - drums michał rollinger - keyboards michał jelonek - violin tomasz '' titus '' pukacki - vocal jacek skirucha - guitar dariusz ślusarczyk - conga music - closterkeller .
27	after jones 's death , they adopted the name atomic rooster ( with influence from the us band rhinoceros ) , and soon recruited nick graham on bass and vocals .
14	musicians chuck berry -- vocals , guitar lafayette leake -- piano willie dixon -- bass fred below -- drum legacy berry 's recording of the song was included on the voyager golden record , attached to the voyager spacecraft as representing rock and roll , one of four american songs included among many cultural achievements of humanity .
31	the defranco family recorded at united western recorders studios in hollywood with accompaniment by wrecking crew veterans hal blaine on drum , larry carlton on guitar , and max bennett on bass .
6	andrea bellini was an italian opera bass who had an active career performing in italy 's major opera house from the 1840s through the 1870s .
36	characters and setting mateo falcone : baritone giuseppa , his wife : soprano fredrick , a corsican carpenter baritone fortunato , their son : alto sanpiero , a smuggler : tenor gamba , a sergeant : bass a few soldiers ( i.e. , gendarmes ) : tenors and basses setting : corsica , 1800s a view of the rugged landscape of corsica synopsis the boy fortunato is outside of his family 's house , playing a horn while his parents are away .
36	recordings esterházy : harmonia caelestis -- mária zádori , márta fers ( soprano ) , katalin gémes ( mezzo-soprano ) , katalin károlyi ( contralto ) , gábor kállay ( tenor ) , józsef moldvay ( bass ) ; savaria vocal ensemble , capella savaria , conducted by pál németh .
24	certified gold by the canadian recording industry association track listing personnel kim mitchell -- guitar and vocals gary mccracken -- drums dave myles -- bass pye dubois -- lyrics this album was released internationally on the mercury/polygram records label outside of canada .
42	the earlier album is carter 's best-known , recorded with an all-star line-up that included coleman hawkins , with whom carter had recorded in paris in 1937 , using the same configuration of instruments : four saxophone , piano , guitar , bass , and drums .
14	don reid sang lead ; harold reid , don 's older brother , sang bass ; phil balsley sang baritone ; and lew dewitt sang tenor and was the guitarist of the statlers before being replaced by jimmy fortune in 1983 due to dewitt 's ill health .
27	early life d'angelo was born in columbus , ohio , the daughter of priscilla ( née smith ) , a violin , and gene d'angelo , a bass player and television station manager .
9	chamber of horrors includes charleston noir , for four bass ; chamber of horrors , for harp ( 1995 ) , played by alice giles ; still life , for viola and piano ( 2001 ) ; gypsy ramble , for viola , cello and piano ( 1996 ) ; wild rice , for cello ( 1996 ) ; and velvet revolution , for horn , violin and piano ( 1999 ) .
9	personnel the outfield tony g lewis - vocals , bass john frederick spinks - electric & acoustic guitar , keyboards ; lead vocals on '' under a stone '' and '' jane '' additional personnel simon dawson - drums , percussion david fitzgerald - sax alvin lee - lead guitar stephen marcussen , ian thomas - programming reg webb - piano production adapted from allmusic .
17	it is also used for the lowest notes of the horn , and for the baritone and bass voices .
32	after entering the manhattan 's pyramid studios to record what would become their debut album , former hot rod circuit member and o'toole 's childhood friend joe ballaro joined the band on bass .
22	track listing credits the band : warrel dane - lead vocals jeff loomis - guitar steve smyth - guitar jim sheppard - bass van williams - drums guest musician : james murphy - special guest lead guitar on '' the holocaust of thought '' production : andy sneap - production , engineering , mixing , mastering hugh syme - cover art olle carlsson - band and background photography stefan wibbeke - layout and booklet design chart positions in popular culture in the marvel comic runaways ( comics ) one of the characters , chase stein mentions the track '' the psalm of lydia '' to a coworker as a flirt while at his job at a radio station .
5	powers played all instruments ( bass , guitar , drums , keyboard ) , recorded , produced , mixed , and engineered the album himself in his apartment in nashville , tennessee .
12	the collection included notables such as nathan east and welton gite ( bass ) ; chuck findley ( flugelhorn , trumpet ) ; hank cicalo ( sound engineer ) and bernie grundman ( mastering ) ; les mccann and richard tee ( piano ) ; plus phil upchurch ( rhythm guitar ) .
18	richard leveridge ( or leueridge ) ( 19 july 1670 -- 22 march 1758 ) was an english bass singer of the london stage and a composer of baroque music , including many popular songs .
7	with the interplay of two guitars , bass , cello , and more prominent female vocals , scrabbling at the lock marked a turn toward melodic song structures that incorporated elements of free improvisation in the ex 's music .
21	they recruited drummer martin '' frosty '' beedle , previously a member of the cabaret band on the qe2 , and bass player colin farley , a session musician living in spain .
6	his brief stint with the eccentric bass player made a deep impression .
19	track listing personnel art pepper -- alto saxophone jack sheldon -- trumpet pete jolly -- piano jimmy bond -- bass frank butler -- drums sources richard cook & brian morton .
7	personnel paul mccartney -- lead vocal , bass , piano george harrison -- backing vocal , lead guitar john lennon -- backing vocal ringo starr -- drum , tambourine mal evans -- hammond organ macdonald commented that starr added an overdubbed hi-hat part in addition to the hi-hat part played in the basic rhythm track , and that evans 's organ part was a single a note held throughout the final verse and chorus .
13	'' track listing personnel dave burrell -- piano david murray -- clarinet ( bass ) , saxophone ( tenor ) production : glenn barratt -- engineer samuel charters -- producer , liner notes , photography reception allmusic says that burrell and murray are '' overtly experimental ... that does n't play to the strengths of these musicians .
19	the voices are abbreviated , s for soprano , a for alto , t for tenor , b for bass .
6	he was best known as the bass of motown group the four tops , which he joined in 1953 and continued to perform with for over five decades , until april 8 , 2005 .
15	track listing personnel art pepper -- alto saxophone stanley cowell -- piano cecil mcbee -- bass roy haynes -- drums kenneth nash -- congas & percussion on '' mambo koyama '' other tracks recorded at the same sessions but unissued at the time : 1 december 1978 2 december 1978 sources richard cook & brian morton .
8	these people 's folk music consisted of bowed bass , fiddle and sometimes a clarinet , with the later additions of drum , accordion and guitar .
3	curly russell -- bass max roach -- drums september 1953 , new york .
37	sound engineer rudy van gelder set up his equipment at a table by the stage , and for these concerts coltrane would often enhance the quintet by adding tampura , contrabassoon , oboe , or a second bass .
44	to address this problem , mcguinn hired hillman 's cousin , kevin kelley ( formerly a member of the rising sons ) , as the band 's new drummer , and it was this three-piece line-up , with mcguinn on guitar and hillman on bass , that embarked on the early 1968 college tour .
19	band members the trio forms a full band with the following recording arrangement : abelardo vázquez -- guitar , bass , piano , harmonica , accordion , ukulele , keyboard , vocals , percussion gustavo vázquez -- drums , percussion , guitar , banjo , harmonica angela vázquez -- lead vocals , piano , harmonica , guitar occasional members are featured in live shows .
32	humilitas occidit superbiam king 's latest record is another solo effort , released independently , and features king on a broad range of instruments , including cello , drums , keyboard , bass , and guitar .
21	two of schikaneder 's blood relatives were also his professional associates : urban schikaneder ( 1746 -- 1818 ) , a bass , was emanuel 's older brother .
18	on this recording the band consists of five saxophones , four trumpets , four trombones , piano , bass , drums and percussion and various other oriental instruments .
12	john dodington ( born 3 july 1945 ) is a canadian opera bass .
13	richard anthony sterban ( born april 24 , 1943 ) is an american bass singer born in camden , new jersey , who joined the country and gospel quartet the oak ridge boys in 1972 .
28	turn up the quiet ( wcs 051 ) ; released in 2010 on whaling city sound ; featured ron gill on vocals , john stein on guitar and bass , and gilad barkan on keyboards .
20	they were formed in 1988 by justin broadrick ( guitar , vocals , and programming ) and g.c. green ( bass ) and disbanded in 2002 .
14	joseph a. rouleau , ( born february 28 , 1929 ) is a french-canadian bass opera singer , particularly associated with the italian and french repertories .
20	the earliest recordings of the original messengers were on blue note records ; all of the original messengers ( except bass doug watkins ) had already released albums under their own name on the label .
14	track listing personnel cecil taylor : piano jimmy lyons : alto saxophone sirone : bass andrew cyrille : drums recording background & details this concert at the town hall was billed as cecil taylor 's '' return '' to new york city after a period teaching in the midwest united states .
19	members shane hicks - vocals , and guitar andrew walter - drums jed a. walters - keys , and bass joined mid 2010 past member - rick demarco - drums discography abused blues ep ( jan - 2006 ) sweet misery ( plus one records , p1-18 , 8 november 2008 ) in stereo ( plus one records , p1-32 , june 2011 ) the depths ( march 2013 ) critical reception 2013 bio : the depths is the third album by brisbane based australian band , the blackwater fever .
17	the band 's lineup included andrés del castillo ( vocals / guitar ) , march cesare ( bass ) , frank levin ( keyboards ) , scott milks ( drum ) , and marc parent ( guitar ) .
19	in 1993 , malone reunited with snl veterans paul shaffer ( keyboards ) , and will lee , ( bass ) , in the cbs orchestra .
11	some of his orchestral innovations included the addition of the five-string bass and the pedal timpani ; the pedal timpani have since become standard instruments in the symphony orchestra .
29	at the time it won gold , the quartet featured gene cokeroft as tenor , bob franklin as lead , harlan wilson as baritone , and bill cain as bass .
44	track listing ; original issue , warwick w 2041 ; volume 2 , warwick w 2041-2 ; a recent cd issue , 2010 , fresh sound records personnel pepper adams - baritone saxophone donald byrd - trumpet herbie hancock - piano laymon jackson - bass jimmy cobb - drums reissues the recording sessions were reissued under various titles and leading artists , some even with changed track titles ( false composer credits , missing names of bassist and drummer and the recording date ) .
5	there are no drums or bass instruments .
38	the basic track for '' proud mary , '' as with the other songs on the album , was recorded by john fogerty ( lead guitar ) , tom fogerty ( rhythm guitar ) , stu cook ( bass ) , and doug clifford ( drum ) at rca studios in hollywood , california , with john overdubbing instruments and all the vocals later .
47	they are distinctive for their rich a cappella adaptations of traditional cuban salsa music , son , and rumba , such as their renditions of '' el cuarto de tula '' and '' la negra tomasa '' , vocally imitating the piano , cowbell , conga , bass , and trumpet , used originally in such songs .
5	life neblett , who sings bass , hails from cairo , illinois .
31	big band rhythm in jazz big band , popular during the 30s and 40s , the guitarist is considered an integral part of the rhythm section ( guitar , drum and bass ) .
23	the musicians for the original 1964 recording were : hancock ( piano ) , freddie hubbard ( cornet ) , ron carter ( bass ) and tony williams ( drums ) .
22	personnel brennan gilmore -- guitar / vocals will lee -- banjo / vocals andy thacker -- mandolin / vocals zack blatter -- bass nick reeb -- fiddle / vocals previous members ann marie calhoun ( née simpson ) -- fiddle / vocals brian calhoun -- guitar steve hoke -- fiddle randall ray -- guitar billy cardine -- dobro ben krakauer -- banjo mark krakauer -- guitar image : walker 's run at bel rio .
18	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for three soloists -- alto , tenor and bass -- a four-part choir , '' '' ( slide trumpet , mostly doubling the choir soprano ) , two recorder , two oboes da caccia , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
16	credits roger miret -- vocals , guitar rhys kill -- guitar , vocals brian darwas -- bass , vocals luke rota -- drum al barr -- guest vocals on '' once were warriors '' lars frederiksen -- guest vocals on '' roots rockin ' roll '' patricia day -- guest vocals on '' r.f.f.r. '' kim nekroman -- guitar on '' r.f.f.r. '' vic ruggiero -- piano on '' warning !
30	this background rhythm runs faster than the often slow vocals or melody , and is created , typically , by two ukuleles , a cello , a guitar and a bass .
15	'' ol' man river '' was already present in the temptations ' performance repertoire as bass melvin franklin 's solo spot , and '' for once in my life '' soon became a solo showcase for williams , who performed a particularly acclaimed version of the song for the tcb television special in late 1968 .
33	a sintir , or guimbri , being played by nuru kane the sintir ( ) , also known as the guembri ( ) , gimbri or hejhouj , is a three stringed skin-covered bass plucked lute used by the gnawa people .
33	the recording took place at sear sound studios , new york , in collaboration with such musicians as ryan kisor ( trumpet ) , igor butman ( saxophone ) , ugonna okegwo ( bass ) and gene jackson ( drums ) .
9	he is known for his ability to sing from bass to soprano , as his vocal cords are three times the length of an average person 's .
39	personnel chet atkins - guitar ( '' heart and soul '' ) errol '' crusher '' bennett - percussion vicki brown - background vocals margot buchanan - background vocals willy deville - vocals , background vocals mickey feat - bass , background vocals guy fletcher - keyboards , background vocals mark knopfler - guitar jamie lane - drums jeff porcaro - drums ( '' could you would you ?
21	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is festively scored for four soloists , soprano , alto , tenor and bass , a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
35	choral and vocal forces the choral and vocal forces consist of two satb choirs , a children 's choir , and eight soloists : three soprano , two alto , tenor , baritone , and bass .
15	track listing personnel art pepper - alto saxophone red garland - piano paul chambers - bass philly joe jones - drums references sources ian carr , digby fairweather , & brian priestley .
22	ulrik thesrup cold ( born 15 may 1939 , copenhagen -- died 13 october 2010 , copenhagen ) was a danish opera bass .
20	'' additionally , thom bennet ( drums ) , rod olstad ( vocals and violin ) , taras zakordonski ( bass ) , and maria cherwick ( violin ) worked on '' big beet music .
14	in the summer of 1975 he was hired as bandleader , opening act and bass player in bob dylan 's band .
43	in 1989 , what became the final jazz messengers lineup was established : brian lynch on trumpet , javon jackson and dale barlow on tenors , steve davis and/or frank lacy on trombone , geoff keezer on piano and essiet okon essiet on bass .
39	'' the bitter pill '' '' the hole in my wall '' '' inside out '' ( promo ) personnel jani lane - vocals , arranger joey allen - guitar erik turner - guitar , arrangement jerry dixon - bass steven sweet - drums scott warren - keyboards legacy hardcore punk band dog eat dog named their debut album warrant in a joking ` retaliation ' for the title of this album .
15	former members of the band include dave thompson ( guitar ) , jeremy galda ( bass ) , brian bird ( drum ) , and jason guindon ( drum ) .
34	lemmy was brought on board to play the kill master after schafer and his team had developed the character 's role in the story who assists eddie by healing his allies through a giant bass harp on the back of a chopper .
13	by the age of fifteen and a half he already had a deep bass voice , which he used at the evening institute where he studied harmony .
5	she contributed vocals and occasionally bass to the albums bright flight , tanglewood numbers , and lookout mountain , lookout sea , .
3	david peña ( bass ) completed the quartet in 1989 .
11	performers hacia dos veranos ignacio aguiló : guitar diego martínez : bass julia bayse : flute , keyboards andrés edelstein : drums others musicians ignacio gabriel : farfisa keyboard on tracks maleficio , de los valles y volcanes and verano .
22	the nucleus of the band were andy o ( overall ) on vocals , tim parry on guitar , mike ansell on bass and mickey sparrow on drum .
17	scoring and structure the cantata is festively scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , tromba da tirarsi to double the cantus firmus , three oboe , two violin , viola , and continuo .
14	'' isis and osiris '' , on which charlie haden replaces cecil mcbee on bass , and vishnu wood plays oud , indicates coltrane 's interest in middle east and north africa music and culture .
13	michele benedetti ( 17 october 1778 -- after 1828 ) was an italian bass particularly associated with rossini roles .
11	current members tom galgano - keyboards , vocals john galgano - bass , guitar , vocals , keyboards paul bremner - guitars greg dimiceli - acoustic drums , percussion brian coralian - acoustic and electronic drums , percussion anmarie byrnes - vocals laura meade - vocals discography sliver of a sun .
6	stephen milling is a danish opera bass who has had an active international career since the mid-1990s .
16	the band forms with olivia as lead vocalist , stella as lead guitarist , mo as bass guitarist , wen as keyboardist , and charlie as drummer , but they are unable to choose a band name .
6	he learned to play guitar , bass and drums .
11	this included instrument replacement for the piano , staple percussion and bass .
32	track listing personnel duke pearson - piano , electric piano burt collins , joe shepley ( tracks 1-7 ) - trumpet kenny rupp - trombone hermeto pascoal - flute , guitar , bass ( tracks 1-7 ) jerry dodgion ( track 8 ) .
27	for the project the members of lazlo bane switched instruments and took pseudonym : dino ( chicken ) - vocals , fuzzy ( tim bright ) - bass , licks ( chad fischer ) - drums , and stixx ( chris link ) - guitar .
19	wilhelm troszel wilhelm troszel ( 26 august 1823 - 2 march 1887 ) was a polish composer and opera bass .
16	pol henri plançon ( 12 june 1851 11 august 1914 ) was a distinguished french operatic bass ( basse chantante ) .
5	) was a german operatic bass .
54	instruments the magic pipe the magic pipe , also known by his close friends as ` the broken bowflex ' , is a homemade , electronically rigged pair of machined aluminum pipes ( previously steel in its first incarnation ) , connected by adjustable phosphorus bronze joints , with each pipe hosting an orchestral bass string .
15	track listing personnel art pepper -- alto saxophone george cables -- piano tony dumas -- bass carl burnett -- drums sources richard cook & brian morton .
17	among his notable pupils were tenors luciano pavarotti , giuliano bernardi , and vincenzo la scola and bass michele pertusi .
21	members nifelheim live in 2006 hellbutcher ( per '' pelle '' gustavsson ) - vocals tyrant ( erik gustavsson ) - bass discography 1993 - unholy death ( demo ) 1994 - nifelheim 1997 - devil 's force 1997 - headbangers against disco vol .
15	nicola ghiuselev ( 17 august 1936 -- 16 may 2014 ) was a bulgaria opera bass , particularly associated with the italian and russian repertories .
7	the opening motif played by cello and bass is repeated throughout the movement .
5	a bass-baritone is a high-lying bass or low-lying '' classical '' baritone voice type which shares certain qualities with the true baritone voice .
16	trio : harry connick , jr. ( vocals , piano ) ; benjamin jonah wolfe ( bass ) ; shannon powell ( drums ) .
22	track listing recorded at van gelder studio in englewood cliffs , new jersey on january 10 , 1973 personnel ron carter - bass , arranger , conductor hubert laws - flute ( tracks 1 , 5 & 6 ) richard tee - electric piano , piano ( tracks 1 , 4 & 5 ) bob james - piano ( tracks 2 , 3 & 6 ) gene bertoncini ( track 5 ) , sam brown ( track 3 ) - guitar billy cobham - drums ralph macdonald - percussion ( tracks 1 & 4-6 ) robert honablue - engineer reception allmusic reviewer nathan bush states '' blues farm ' s excursions are enjoyable , but somewhat reserved .
81	track listing thad jones ( deb 127 ) lp side a : lp side b : later cd re-issue bonus tracks : original 10 inch lp releases : the fabulous thad jones ( dlp 12 ) lp side a : lp side b : thad jones/charles mingus - jazz collaborations , vol . 1 ( dlp 17 ) lp side a : lp side b : all track times are from cd re-issue personnel thad jones -- trumpet charles mingus -- bass on the 1954 the fabulous thad jones tracks : frank wess -- tenor saxophone , flute hank jones -- piano kenny clarke -- drums on the 1955 thad jones / charles mingus jazz collaborations vol .
19	vier ernste gesänge ( four serious songs ) , op. 121 , is a cycle of four song for bass and piano by johannes brahms .
16	'' as well as carter , the band featured two saxophone , trumpet , piano , bass and drum .
65	; side one personnel per liner notes sonny boy williamson -- vocals , harmonica muddy waters -- guitar on '' do n't start me to talkin ' '' and '' all my love in vain '' jimmy rogers -- guitar on '' do n't start me to talkin ' '' and '' all my love in vain '' otis spann -- piano willie dixon -- bass fred below -- drum robert lockwood , jr . -- guitar luther tucker -- guitar lafayette leake -- piano on '' wake up baby '' and '' your funeral and my trial '' eugene pierson -- guitar on '' wake up baby '' and '' your funeral and my trial '' charts down and out blues peaked at # 20 on the uk albums chart .
21	bisharat was born in 1964 in los angeles , california , and grew up playing the piano , cello , and bass .
19	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , cornett , trombone , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
9	he also plays saxophone , trumpet , flugelhorn , bass and piano .
1	the bass begins each '' '' .
20	when the trio were rags , price ( then known as wesley the stash ) played guitar , aylward played bass , and austin ( then known as napoleon lemens ) played drums .
20	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for four soloists -- soprano , alto , tenor and bass -- a four-part choir , two oboe , two violin , viola , viola da gamba and basso continuo .
40	the band consists of kelly hoppe ( lead vocals , harmonica , saxophone , rhythm guitar ) , greg cox ( guitar , mandolin , banjo , vocals ) , luke pelotte ( drums ) , and josh zalev ( bass , vocals ) .
9	additional musicians utilized were curve 's dean garcia ( bass ) and steve monti ( drums ) , ian dury and the blockheads ' merlin rhys-jones ( guitar ) , and miranda sex garden 's hepzibah sessa ( violin ) .
18	orlin anastassov ( born 1976 ) is a bulgaria opera singer with an active international career performing leading bass roles .
74	instrumentation and the music in its standard chamber version tehillim is scored for four women 's voices ( one high soprano , two lyric soprano and one alto ) , piccolo , flute , oboe , english horn , two clarinet , six percussion ( playing small tuned tambourine without jingles , clapping , maraca , marimba , vibraphone and crotales ) , two electric organ , two violin , viola , cello and bass .
4	páll ivan pálsson -- bass .
23	formed in 1998 , the black seeds perform with eight members , with instruments including vocals , guitar , saxophone , trumpet , bass , drums , bongos , keyboard and wood block .
23	hal are a band from dublin , ireland composed of brothers dave allen ( vocals / guitar ) paul allen ( vocals / bass ) and stephen o'brien ( keyboards , occasional guitars and backing vocals ) ( drum ) , who formed in 2003 .
10	even more importantly , he appeared with the famous russia bass feodor chaliapin in productions of faust at the royal opera house , covent garden , london , in july 1928 .
36	matthew william tansley stiff ( born 13 december 1979 in grimsby , north east lincolnshire ) also credited as matt stiff is an english opera singer and former radio presenter , best known as the former bass singer with classical boyband g4 .
9	'' galaxy of the lost '' features drums , bass , pedal steel and string arrangements from omaha musicians nate walcott and the faint 's drummer clark baechle , as well as backing vocals from emmy the great .
11	the sextet included saxophonist roscoe mitchell , trumpet lester bowie and bass malachi favors maghostut , who over the next year went on to play together as the roscoe mitchell art ensemble .
26	backing waters ' vocals on the single were little walter on harmonica , jimmy rogers on guitar , otis spann on piano , willie dixon on bass , and fred below on drums .
16	his first group , x-75 , was a nonet consisting of four reed players , four bass players and a vocalist .
18	personnel jon bon jovi lead vocals , guitar richie sambora guitar , backing vocals , talkbox hugh mcdonald bass , backing vocals tico torres drums , perussion david bryan keyboards , backing vocals the show the set list greatly varied between concerts , so after each show its set list was posted on the official website .
20	in 1973 , the two released their first album together , pieces of a man , with ron carter on bass .
10	in 1939 , she met , and later married , bass player calvin ponder ( october 17 , 1917 - december 26 , 1970 ) , who went on to play in earl hines ' band .
6	other members include isla eckinger ( bass ) , peter schmidlin ( drums ) and tutilo odermatt ( piano ) .
17	track listing personnel jón þór birgisson -- vocals , guitar kjartan sveinsson -- keyboards georg hólm -- bass orri páll dýrason -- drums strings : amiina ( on tracks 2,3,4,5,8 and 9 , recorded in kjartan sveinsson 's livingroom and langholtskirkja ) hildur ársælsdóttir edda rún ólafsdóttir maria huld markan sigfúsdóttir sólrún sumarliðadóttir brass ( on tracks 2 , 4 and 11 ) performed by : e. friðfinnsson helgi hrafn jónsson i.g. erlendsson k. håkonarson samúel jón samúelsson s. sigurðarson s.j. bernharðsson tambourine , claps and other noises by siggi frendi , höddi gunni , john best , sunray and breeze .
13	'' '' ( you shall go no more ) is an aria for bass from mozart 's 1786 opera the marriage of figaro , k. 492 .
45	from the information provided in the liner notes of the original release slippery when ill it can be deduced that the performers on the first eight tracks of country tunes are dave quackenbush on vocals , jan nils ackermann on guitar , robbie allen on bass , and joe escalante on drums .
4	charlie haden plays wah-wah bass on the title track , while frank lowe 's tenor evokes a blues influence .
53	personnel elvis presley -- vocals , acoustic guitar , piano scotty moore -- electric guitar chet atkins -- acoustic guitar on january 10 -- 11 ( except i got a woman ) floyd cramer -- piano on january 10 -- 11 shorty long -- piano on january 30 -- 31 bill black -- bass d. j. fontana -- drums johnny bernero -- drums ( on '' trying to get to you '' ) gordon stoker -- backing vocals ben speer -- backing vocals brock speer -- backing vocals track listing original release 1999 reissue with bonus tracks 2005 reissue with bonus tracks same tracks as 1999 reissue .
10	arthur fear ( 1902 -- 1984 ) was a welsh bass and baritone opera singer .
17	suhr guitars ( officially js technologies inc ) is an american company that manufactures electric guitar and bass , guitar amplifier , and effect units .
23	currently musical direction is shared by the founder , the basque musicologist jon bagüés ( b. errenteria 1955 ) , and by the bass josep cabré .
18	the part the clavinet plays has to fit with the part the drums play and the line the bass plays and the line that the guitar plays .
30	the choir today the choir comprises 18 boy choristers ( 3 of whom are probationers or training choristers ) and 12 professional lay clerk , singing countertenor , tenor and bass .
17	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for two vocal soloists ( soprano and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboe , two violin , viola , organ obbligato and basso continuo .
38	portraits and landscapes ( jrcd 20029 ) ; released in 2000 on jardis records ( a european jazz guitar label ) ; featured larry goldings on piano and organ , bill thompson on reeds , keala kaumeheiwa on bass , and greg conroy on drums .
29	bate 's band was unusually large for a string band , typically consisting of two fiddles , two guitars , a banjo , a cello , and a bowed bass .
6	it was the first album without bass jason harris , who had been replaced by peter nice ( better known as '' nelson '' ) .
6	during that time he also played bass in the detroit cobras .
11	vocal casting included 2 soprano , 2 tenor , countertenor , bass and boy 's choir .
20	another significant omission is any discussion of post - stride solo piano techniques -- it is generally assumed that a bass player will be present to provide a root for the voicing that are discussed .
10	) ; fl 1698 -- 1744 ) was an italian bass singer though in modern terms a baritone of the 18th century .
39	australian crawl ( often called aussie crawl or the crawl by fans ) were an australia rock band founded by james reyne ( lead vocal / piano ) , brad robinson ( rhythm guitar ) , paul williams ( bass ) , simon binks ( lead guitar ) and david reyne ( drum ) in 1978 .
5	they were mark prince ( bass ) , clarence rigsby ( tenor ) , robert thursby ( first tenor ) , and william solomon ( baritone ) .
11	roles hrabina ( the countess ) - soprano the chorąży - bass bronia , his granddaughter - soprano kazimierz - tenor the podczaszyc - baritone dzidzi , his nephew - tenor panna ewa ( miss ewa ) , hrabina 's friend - soprano plot place : warsaw , poland and a village in the polish countryside time : early 19th century act i warsaw .
15	pete briggs ( born 1904 , date of death unknown ) was an american jazz bass and tuba player .
29	track listing all lyrics written by ronnie james dio , music as stated personnel ; dio ronnie james dio -- lead vocals vivian campbell -- guitars jimmy bain -- bass claude schnell -- keyboards vinny appice -- drums ; additional musicians craig goldy -- guitars on '' time to burn '' ; production recorded at rumbo studios , los angeles , california , usa produced by ronnie james dio engineered by angelo arcuri assistant engineered by gary mcgachan laser effects : lasermedia inc. , los angeles , ca laser operator : michael moorhead originally mastered by greg fulginiti at artisan sound recorders , hollywood , usa remaster by andy pearce ( 2012 universal deluxe edition ) mixed on westlake audio bbsm6 monitors illustration by robert florczak charts ; album ; singles certifications the riaa certified sacred heart gold ( 500,000 units sold ) on october 15 , 1985 .
39	the founding members of the kubasonics were brian , brian 's brother - paul cherwick ( drums ) , brian 's late wife - beth cherwick ( violin ) , jay lind ( guitar ) and bill yacey ( bass ) .
15	music the work is scored for soprano , two violin , viola , cello and bass ; the tempo marking is andante grazioso , the time signature is 2/4 time , the key signature is a major .
2	as a bass singer , he sang for instance jan blockx 's song ons vaderland in 1897 on the forbidden flemish demonstration in the belgian capital , brussels .
36	the band is composed of frank pino , jr. ( lead vocals ) , dave pino ( lead guitar and vocals ) , tony monaco ( rhythm guitar ) , david '' jones '' illsley ( bass and vocals ) and darryl grant ( drums and vocals ) .
18	the band knut erik østgård : vocals and guitar steinar hagen : guitar and chorus tore larsen : bass and chorus øyvind håkonsen : drums in addition , magnus østvang has contributed on synthesizer and chorus .
19	franco ventriglia ( october 20 , 1922 -- november 28 , 2012 ) was an opera singer who sang bass in every major european opera house during the 1950s , 60s , and 70s .
2	he played bass for a three-piece jazz combo for a few years , but he eventually got a spot playing rhythm guitar for otis rush .
15	the october trio is a canadian jazz trio from vancouver consisting of josh cole ( bass ) , dan gaucher ( drums ) , and evan arntzen ( saxophone ) .
18	some boys ' choirs of churches or cathedrals are further supported by older male voices singing tenor and bass ; these singers are sometimes former choirboys .
15	ferruccio furlanetto ( born 16 may 1949 in sacile , italy ) is an italian bass .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo : music as with many works of georg philipp telemann , but rare in bach 's cantatas , the bible quotation is split in two movements , a duet and a chorus which follows immediately in a different time and faster tempo .
20	the track begins with an intro with a lead guitar melody , which plays twice , accompanied by drums , bass , distorted rhythm guitar and saxophone .
14	it is scored for a satb choir and organ , and features solos for bass and tenor .
24	track listing all songs written by the suicide machines performers jason navarro - vocals dan lukacinsky - guitar , backing vocals royce nunley - bass , backing vocals derek grant - drums , hammond organ , clavinet , piano , backing vocals ( tracks 1-14 , 27 & 28 ) ryan vandeberghe - drums ( tracks 15-26 , 29 & 30 ) vinnie nobile - trombone ( tracks 1-8 ) larry klimas - tenor saxophone ( tracks 1-8 ) joe bishara - loops and programming ( tracks 15-20 ) bennett salvay - orchestral arrangements and organ ( tracks 15-20 album information record label : hollywood records all songs written by the suicide machines tracks 1-8 produced by julian raymond , phil kaffel , and the suicide machines .
28	personnel current members include composers matt darriau , alto saxophone , clarinet , and kaval , and frank london , on trumpet and keys , paul morrissett playing bass and tsimbl cimbalom , vocalist lorin sklamberg on accordion and piano , lisa gutkin on violin and vocals , and david licht or richie barshay on drums .
15	roles armanda , soprano alexandre , baritone oskar , tenor philomène , mezzo-soprano portrait , bass recording a recording of the work was issued by supraphon in 1994 , conducted by františek jílek .
44	the line-up included former wizzard and move member rick price ( pedal steel guitar ) , alongside bob wilson ( trombone ) , billy paul ( alto and baritone saxes ) , paul robbins ( keyboard , backing vocals ) , graham gallery ( bass ) , and dave donovan ( drum ) .
24	track listing personnel art pepper -- alto saxophone ; clarinet on '' sometime '' george cables -- piano tony dumas -- '' blitz '' bass billy higgins -- drums sources richard cook & brian morton .
25	'' the band includes judith casselberry on acoustic guitar and vocals , robert '' chicken '' burke on drum , fred cass , jr. on bass , adam widoff on electric guitar , and catherine russell on mandolin and vocals .
3	tony levin -- bass on tracks 3 and 5 .
52	the squirrel nut zippers are an american band formed in 1993 in chapel hill , north carolina , united states , by james '' jimbo '' mathus ( vocal and guitar ) , katharine whalen ( vocals , banjo , and ukulele ) , chris phillips on drums , don raleigh on bass and sideman ken mosher .
26	side one side two credits band members robin zander -- lead vocals , rhythm guitar rick nielsen -- lead guitar , backing vocals tom petersson -- bass , backing vocals bun e. carlos -- drums production tomoo suzuki - recording engineer jay messina , jack douglas - mixing gary ladinsky , mike beriger - mastering sequel and re-issues budokan ii was released in february 1994 as a sequel of the first album , consisting of the remaining tracks from the concert not included on the original album and the tracks '' stiff competition '' , '' on top of the world '' , and '' how are you ?
14	the two versions of ayler 's band heard on the record both feature two bass players , which '' sharpens the sound considerably , producing a rock-solid foundation for ayler 's raw witness '' .
4	ray walker , the bass singer from elvis presley 's backing group the jordanaires was used by producer felton jarvis to augment the group 's vocal sound on '' i must be doing something wrong .
94	the album also includes '' in re don giovanni , '' nyman 's first composition for the band , which is based on the first sixteen bars of '' madamina , il catalogo è questo '' from don giovanni , six selections from peter greenaway 's film , drowning by numbers , in which he was instructed to base the music on the slow movement mozart 's sinfonia concertante k. 364 , and two duets and an aria from nyman 's television opera , letters , riddles and writs , in this recording featuring bass andrew slater as leopold mozart and contralto hilary summers as wolfgang .
43	but in his jazzy arrangements , naranjo did n't use the typical ` minor ' percussion salsa instruments , like güiro , maraca and claves , and worked with a classic jazz drum set , conga , bongos , timbales , piano and bass in front of trumpet , trombone and saxophone , like old big band ensembles , not at all common in salsa bands .
26	raising the roof ( wcs 050 ) ; released in 2010 on whaling city sound ; featured zé eduardo nazario on drums , john lockwood on bass , and koichi sato on keyboards .
27	the members of the band use stage name and are : angelina galactique ( backing vocals , flute , keyboards , melodica ) , tommy glorioso ( bass ) , jim goldworth ( lead vocals , electric and acoustic guitar ) , kingo ( drum and percussion ) and mickey maniac ( backing vocals , guitar , melodica ) .
9	the group 's unorthodox instrumentation included two drummers , bass , cello , trumpet and trombone , in addition to threadgill 's alto and flute .
4	he studied singing ( bass ) for two years at the longy school of music .
39	critical reception brian wahlert of country standard time criticized some of the songs on 4 runner for '' cop ( ying ) the worst pop elements '' of the oak ridge boys , but said that the presence of bass singer jim chapman gave the material a '' fresh sound .
38	jubilate agno in music the text of jubilate agno is the source for rejoice in the lamb , a festival cantata composed by benjamin britten in 1943 for four soloists , a soprano , alto , tenor and bass choir , and organ .
31	track listing personnel the pharmaceutical bandits matt embree - vocals , guitar rich balling - trombone , vocals noah gaffney - tenor sax , alto sax , vocals franz worth - bass chris tsagakis - drums additional personnel neil burdick - alto sax , vocals chris colonnier - trombone , keyboard , vocals diana smallwood bond - vocals randy briggs aka '' jaime the robot '' - sax one ball jay - gang vocals pickle - gang vocals jackie ojeda - gang vocals sonny johnston - gang vocals chris rush - gang vocals aka caroline smallwood aka carolyn smallwood - producer - engineer rich vollaire - graphic layout artwork - chris tsagakis additional notes '' i do n't care '' - although noted on the album as being three minutes long - instead runs four minutes , thirty seconds .
22	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , cornett to double the chorale melody , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
24	the scoring of the piece is balanced towards higher voices , with six soprano , two alto , seven tenor , and only one bass , as well as a trio of recorders .
18	history bikeride was formed in 1994 by tony carbone ( guitar , vocals ) , bill sipes ( bass ) , and craig hendricks ( drums ) in fountain valley , ca .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for four soloists , soprano , alto , tenor , and bass , a four-part choir , horn to play the cantus firmus with the soprano , oboe d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
31	in 1916 , roberto firpo , an extremely successful bandleader of the period , cemented the arrangements for standard tango sextet : two bandoneon , two violins , piano and double bass .
53	while the temptations have frequently changed their lineup , the group has always employed a person for each of the following roles : main lead singer ( e.g. , david ruffin ) secondary lead singer ( e.g. , paul williams ) first tenor / falsetto lead singer ( e.g. , eddie kendricks ) bass lead singer ( e.g. , melvin franklin ) background second tenor/baritone w / occasional lead ( since 1961 otis williams has always held and continues to hold this role ) during their live performances , the falsetto and secondary leads have always been as predominant on stage as the group 's official main lead/front man .
12	the recording featured the moonglows on backing vocals , willie dixon on bass , jody williams on guitar , along with bo diddley , clifton james on drums , jerome green playing the maraca , and little willie smith on harmonica .
28	johann ignaz ludwig fischer ( c. 18 august 1745 -- 10 july 1825 ) , commonly called ludwig fischer , was a german opera singer , a notable bass of his time .
18	the opera includes a dugazon trouser role for the valet , mazet , and maitre jean has a bass aria ( '' le grand art de la cuisine '' ) on the past glories of the kitchen that still turns up in recital occasionally .
35	track list personnel stewart brown guitar , vocals b.j . cole dobro , guitar , pedal steel , cello , steel guitar mick grabham organ , guitar , piano , keyboards , vocals rick wills bass , vocals john '' sly '' wilson percussion , drums , vocals hipgnosis photography , cover design john stewart engineer hugh fielder liner notes reception richie unterberger of allmusic wrote that cochise '' treads an uneasy line between eclectic diversity and a lack of direction '' and is '' distinguished just slightly by a more country-ish flavor than the norm ( early 1970s british rock ) , courtesy of cole 's pedal steel '' .
11	verdi composed a setting for four unaccompanied voices , with the bass singing the scale first , followed by alto , tenor and soprano , whereas the three remaining voices supply harmonic texture .
18	personnel jon bon jovi lead vocals , guitar richie sambora guitar , backing vocals , talkbox hugh mcdonald bass , backing vocals tico torres drums david bryan keyboards , backing vocals tour dates box office score data from the 19 shows reported from billboard , the one wild night tour grossed a total of $ 17,143,241 with a total attendance of 391,321 .
10	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for soprano and bass vocal soloists , a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , two horns , two flute , two oboe , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , violone , basso continuo .
6	trace elliot is a united kingdom-based bass amplification manufacturer , and has a sub-brand , trace acoustic , for acoustic instrument .
15	scoring and structure the cantata is intimately scored for soprano , alto , tenor and bass soloists , four-part choir and a small orchestra of two violin , bassoon obbligato , and basso continuo .
40	other versions include those by dean martin , chick corea , ella fitzgerald , sarah vaughan , lita roza , magni wentzel with einar iversen , trumpet , endre iversen , piano , tor braun , guitar , erik amundsen bass ( recorded on may 2 , 1960 and released on the single odeon nd 7373 ) , nancy wilson , rickie lee jones , sonny rollins , oscar peterson , jamie cullum , featuring paula cole on vocals , and mark isham and kate ceberano on their album of duets bittersweet ( 2009 ) , sophie milman ( released on the album take love easy , 2009 ) , gwilym simcock ( on his 2007 release perception ) and paul mccartney on his 2012 album , kisses on the bottom .
13	) ) , a tsimbl ( cimbalom or hammered dulcimer ) , a bass or cello , and sometimes a flute .
4	their brothers were the bass thomas aynsley cook ( 1833 -- 1894 ) and the baritone john furneaux cook , and their sister , alice aynsley cook ( c. 1850 -- 1938 ) , was also an opera singer and musical comedy actress .
23	giulio neri ( may 21 , 1909 , torrita di siena - april 21 , 1958 , rome ) was an italian operatic bass , particularly associated with the italian repertory .
7	personnel geddy lee - lead vocals , bass , synthesizer alex lifeson - guitar neil peart - drums , percussion terry brown -- engineer hugh syme -- design george graves -- mastering on original album bob ludwig -- remastering remaster details a remaster was issued in 1997 .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , bass ) , a four-part choir , trumpet , flauto traverso , oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
20	the current touring line up as of 2013 is alix kol ( violin , vocals ) ; mitch mclennan ( bass ) , andy davis ( drums ) and emma baker ( cello ) .
26	burke played violin and guitar early in life , but he lost the use of his pinky finger in a munitions factory accident and switched to bass .
11	andreas pruys ( born in kleve ) is a german classical bass singer .
22	in singing he took the alto or contra-tenor parts , invariably employing his falsetto , although his natural voice was a deep bass .
30	these ensembles may be for any combination of instruments , but the most common line-up is trumpet , alto sax , tenor sax , trombone , guitar , piano , bass and drums , with guitar occasionally making way for another horn , for example baritone sax .
31	premiere performance the premiere performance of the origin was conducted by julie pretzat and featured soprano jacqueline horner from the a cappella quartet , anonymous 4 ; tenor todd graber ; bass eric johnson ; the women 's vocal ensemble , kitka ; the suny oswego college choir ; oswego college-community orchestra ; and the oswego festival chorus .
23	( wcs 062 ) ; released in 2012 on whaling city sound ; featured zé eduardo nazario on drums , john lockwood on bass , and jake sherman on keyboards .
15	clamhead ( voiced by barry gordon ) -- clamhead is a young man who plays bass for the neptunes .
14	the brothers cazimero are a hawaiian music duo made up of robert cazimero on bass and roland cazimero on twelve string guitar .
4	mike sammes sings a bass vocal harmony on the song .
19	backing howlin ' wolf on vocals are otis spann on piano , hubert sumlin on guitar , dixon on bass , and fred below on drum .
2	leigh marklew bass - born 10 august 1968 , bradford .
18	the voices are abbreviated s for soprano , a for alto , t for tenor , b for bass .
36	the group 's career the feminine complex consisted of mindy dalton on guitar and vocals , judi griffith on tambourine and vocals , lana napier on drums , pame stephens on keyboards and jean williams on bass .
29	the lineup consists of rebecca frazier ( née hoggan ) on guitar , john frazier on mandolin and occasionally fiddle , kyle tuttle on banjo , royal masat on bass , and shad cobb on fiddle .
14	norman scott ( 1921 -- september 22 , 1968 ) was an american opera bass .
14	the musicians on this album are corea ( piano ) , miroslav vitouš ( bass ) , and roy haynes ( drums ) .
13	one type of jazz trio is formed with a piano player , a bass player and a drummer .
6	characters marko , rich peasant , bass doma , his second wife , mezzo soprano đula , marko 's daughter from the first marriage , soprano mića ( ero ) , young man from the nearby village , tenor sima , millman , baritone shepherd boy , child soprano a young man , tenor girls ( 6 solo ) , women ( 8 solos ) , men , shepherds , fruit-merchants ( 4 solos ) , merchants ( 4 solos ) , children and other village people .
53	the soprano is a female who continuously has no luck when it comes to men ; the alto is depicted as a female who has suddenly abandoned her lover ; the tenor is portrayed as a male who is selfish and irresponsible when it comes to sexual relationships with women ; and the bass is one who is hopelessly in love with his married lover .
54	prima was backed by his las vegas group , sam butera & the witnesses , in its original line-up : sam butera ( tenor sax ) , james '' red '' blount ( trombone ) , william '' willie '' mccumber ( piano ) , jack marshall ( guitar ) , amado rodriques ( bass ) and robert '' bobby '' morris ( drums ) .
31	the session was produced by the chess brothers , leonard and phil , and backing berry ( vocals , guitar ) were johnnie johnson ( piano ) , willie dixon ( bass ) , and fred below ( drum ) .
31	fats navarro -- trumpet ( tracks 1-4 , 7-10 ) sonny rollins -- tenor sax ( tracks 1-4 , 7-10 ) bud powell -- piano ( all ) tommy potter -- bass ( all ) roy haynes -- drums ( all ) may 1 , 1951 session : tracks 12-20 .
16	his knowledge of executing different musical instruments , led him to play the guitar , the bass , and the typical string instrument of puerto rico , the cuatro , for the ponce high vocal group .
17	a fill may be played by rock or pop instruments such as the electric lead guitar or bass , organ , or drums , or by other instruments such as strings or horns .
20	deyan vatchkov ( ) , born april 8 , 1979 , in sofia , bulgaria is a bulgarian opera singer bass .
12	gwynne howell ( born 13 june 1938 ) is a welsh opera bass , known particularly for his performances of verdi and wagner roles .
41	an invitation by david braun to record a session with his deluxe records followed in 1947 for the trio and resulted in the release of his debut record , here comes smiley , though papa john french replaced seals and played bass .
27	band history formation , demos and ensiferum ( 1992 − 2002 ) ensiferum was founded in 1995 by markus toivonen ( guitar ) , sauli savolainen ( bass ) and kimmo miettinen ( drum ) .
12	handel used four voice parts , soprano , alto , tenor and bass in the solo and choral movements .
12	at the request of her headmistress , she was trained by the bass daniel rootham ( father of the composer cyril rootham ) and joined the bristol festival chorus , of which daniel rootham was musical director ) .
31	davis assembled his first regular quintet to meet a commitment at the café bohemia in july with sonny rollins on tenor saxophone , red garland on piano , paul chambers on bass , and philly joe jones on drums .
27	'' personnel mick jagger -- lead vocals , harmonica keith richards -- guitar , backing vocals mick taylor -- lead guitar , slide guitar bill wyman -- bass charlie watts -- drums additional musicians ian stewart -- piano on '' carol '' and '' little queenie '' tour set list a typical set list for the tour included the following , although there were substitutions ( note the presence of '' gim me shelter '' on live'r than you 'll ever be ) , variations and order switches throughout the tour .
44	on may 26 , 1882 , while on tour with a company organized by clara louise kellogg , the 19-year-old classical pianist herman rietzel , already a concert veteran and considered to be well-launched on a promising career , joined george conly , a bass singer with the company , for a pleasure outing on the lake .
13	personnel dave brubeck -- piano paul desmond -- alto saxophone eugene wright -- bass joe morello -- drums cover versions 1962 -- swedish singer monica zetterlund 1962 -- french singer richard anthony ( '' ne boude pas '' ) 1963 -- antonio diaz '' chocolate '' mena ( eso es latin jazz ... man !
22	movements of the complete ballet the ballet is scored for 3 solo singers ( 1 soprano , 1 tenor , and 1 bass ) , 2 flutes ( 2nd doubling piccolo ) , 2 oboe , 2 bassoon , 2 horns in f , 1 trumpet in c , 1 trombone , a concertino of strings ( 2 violin , 1 viola , 1 cello , 1 contrabass ) , and the ripieno ( 8 violins , 4 violas , 3 celli , and 3 contrabasses ) .
33	folke jonsson , photographed in 1939 in skansen sweden folke henry jonsson ( 9 june 1904 in ängelholm sweden 7 december 1981 in sollentuna ) was a swedish opera singer who sang leading bass roles primarily at the royal swedish opera and in other scandinavia opera houses for many years .
35	after his return , he recorded as one member of the columbia male quartet , known after 1906 as the peerless quartet , who originally also included tenor henry burr and albert campbell , and bass tom daniels .
21	anna is primarily a pianist and vocalist , but most of her recordings feature a full band , including guitar , bass , drums , and often her original string quartet arrangements .
5	at eighteen he discovered the bass , and formed '' manhattan '' , a light jazz band , and then '' ruido blanco '' with journalist and musician oscar sarquiz , who introduced sabo to guillermo briseño , ( musician , poet ) and ricardo ochoa ( musician and producer ) starting the recording and production of many records and many tours in the mid-1980s .
41	concert the lineup of the grateful dead for this concert -- and for all their concerts from july 1972 to october 1974 -- was jerry garcia on guitar and vocals , bob weir on guitar and vocals , phil lesh on bass and vocals , keith godchaux on keyboards , donna jean godchaux on vocals , and bill kreutzmann on drums .
25	title the title might come from the lines : personnel van morrison - vocals john tropea - guitar jef labes - piano joe macho - bass allan schwartzberg - drums other releases a live performance of this song is featured on the 1974 disc of morrison 's 2006 issued dvd , live at montreux 1980/1974 .
20	scoring and structure the work in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboes d'amore , solo violins ( the second one only for a later performance ) , two violins , viola , and basso continuo .
32	roles major-general stanley ( comic baritone ) the pirate king ( bass-baritone ) samuel , his lieutenant ( baritone ) frederic , the pirate apprentice ( tenor ) sergeant of police ( bass ) general stanley 's daughters : catherine ferguson ( kate ) , nellie briercliffe ( edith ) , and ella milne ( isabel ) , 1920 ruth , a piratical maid of all work ( contralto ) chorus of pirates , police and general stanley 's daughters synopsis ; act i on the coast of cornwall , at the time of queen victoria 's reign , frederic celebrates the completion of his twenty-first year and the end of his apprenticeship to a gentlemanly band of pirates ( '' pour , oh pour the pirate sherry '' ) .
21	kim borg photo taken on 1965 kim borg ( august 7 , 1919 april 28 , 2000 ) was a finnish bass , teacher and composer .
20	harold simon '' harry '' miller ( 25 april 1941 - 16 december 1983 ) was a south africa jazz bass player , who settled in europe , becoming one of the uk jazz scene 's '' most vibrant and dynamic talents '' .
6	as a young man he sang bass in the church choir , in the san diego bach chorus , in choral workshops under roger wagner at san diego state university , and in madrigal groups for '' dancing on the green '' , an elizabethan-era folk dancing event held in front of the old globe .
22	overview the omni featured preset , electronically generated orchestral ensemble string voices including polyphonic violin and viola sounds as well as monophonic bass and cello .
23	scoring and structure to express the praise of the words , the cantata is festively scored for soprano , alto , tenor and bass soloists and a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , three oboe , oboe da caccia , oboe d'amore , recorder , bassoon , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
44	although the band has experienced several line-up changes , for most of its recording career shadows fall has been composed of brian fair ( vocals ) , jonathan donais ( lead guitar ) , matt bachand ( rhythm guitar ) , paul romanko ( bass ) , and jason bittner ( drums ) .
16	the album contains compositions by thelonious monk , played by the quartet with ron carter ( bass improvisation ) .
15	career kongshaug started playing the accordion ( 1950 ) , guitar ( 1958 ) and bass ( 1964 ) .
23	he was a choir boy at st john 's church , perry barr , and became interested in the guitar , then the bass .
13	the two volumes present performances of pianist keith jarrett with gary peacock on bass and jack dejohnette on drums .
8	abuelo spent ten years in europe , until bass player cachorro lópez , who was a popular session musician with reggae and funk bands , convinced him to return to argentina for a second incarnation of the abuelos .
5	'' personnel sascha konietzko -- bass , vocals , guitar , synths , programming en esch -- vocals , guitars , drums , programming raymond watts -- vocals ( '' no meat -- no man '' , '' do n't blow your top '' , '' disgust '' ) , programming ( '' no meat -- no man '' , '' do n't blow your top '' , '' disgust '' ) jr. .
19	on january 23 , connor was accompanied by a quartet led by pianist john lewis with oscar pettiford on bass .
36	negrini made his singing debut at age 15 , as dr. malatesta in a production of don pasquale mounted by a small company known as l'opera comique , a group begun by his father , the bass luciano negrini , and his mother , the mezzo-soprano clare mary young .
16	'' track listing personnel art pepper -- alto saxophone george cables -- piano david williams -- bass elvin jones -- drums references sources richard cook & brian morton .
38	members rick driscoll -- vocals , guitar , born 1 may 1957 , enfield , middlesex , yan style ( born ian stile ) -- guitar , born 16 january 1955 , enfield , middlesex chris redburn -- bass , born 14 march 1956 , enfield , middlesex chris lacklison -- keyboards , born 15 october 1956 , london andy walton -- drums , born 1 october 1956 , enfield , middlesex discography singles 1973 '' heart of stone '' - reached number 11 in the uk charts , sung by tony kenny .
10	people 's artist of the ussr ( 1974 ) ; bass soloist .
20	in 1997 they began to focus fully on the band , which had two new members : mikel lópez ( bass ) and aitor oreja ( guitar ) .
22	track listing source : allmusic personnel don anderson -- guitar john haughm -- vocals , guitar , drums jason william walton -- bass shane breyer -- keyboards ( anderson 's then-girlfriend performed the operatic vocals on '' she painted fire across the skyline '' and '' as embers dress the sky '' .
5	track listing personnel barre phillips bass john surman soprano saxophone .
12	personnel chris marchiel -- guitar alex berkson -- guitar nick avila -- bass bassil silver-hajo -- drums mixed by bassil silver-hajo and powerglove .
11	he has the voice of a typical basso cantante and sings bass and as well bass-baritone roles .
30	according john crosby 's professor longhair : a bio-discography , performers included roy byrd ( vocals , piano ) , lee allen ( tenor saxophone ) , frank fields ( bass ) , earl palmer ( drums ) , and alvin '' red '' tyler ( baritone saxophone ) .
25	added in update 1.2 are '' smart strings '' , a string section made of 1st and 2nd violins , viola , cello , and bass , capable of playing notes legato , staccato , and pizzicato .
22	joe schermie ( february 12 , 1946 - march 25 , 2002 ) was an american musician , best known as the bass player for the 1970s american rock-pop group three dog night .
16	'' her music consists mainly of modernized remixes of old hindi songs , entailing a very bass - heavy sound with some hip hop elements .
19	in institutions where the choir is made up of adult men ( who sing the alto , tenor and bass parts ) and trebles ( boy or girl choristers ) who sing the upper-most part ( s ) , one day a week the service may be sung by men only .
12	line-up kenneth leer - vocals rick fiorio - drum jeff mackey - bass adam valk - guitar discography albums 5 o'clock orange ( 1996 mack-daddy records ) acid millennium ( 1997 mack-daddy records ) greatest hits vol .
7	he studied music , first playing the bass before moving to the saxophone , flute , and percussion .
5	he is known for playing bass , keyboard and sitar in the band kopecky with his two brothers , joe and paul .
21	side one side two personnel the dave brubeck quartet dave brubeck -- piano paul desmond -- alto saxophone eugene wright -- bass joe morello -- drums production teo macero -- producer fred plaut -- engineer s. neil fujita -- cover artwork seth rothstein -- project director russell gloyd -- reissue producer mark wilder -- reissue remastering cozbi sanchez-cabrera -- reissue art direction charts ; album billboard ( north america ) ; singles billboard ( north america ) sales and certifications time out was the first jazz album to sell more than a million copies .
16	he also traveled with conductor alexander peloquin and the boston college chorale , singing as a bass , baritone , and tenor .
17	prosper dérivis nicolas-prosper dérivis ( 28 october 1808 - 11 february 1880 ) was a french operatic bass .
6	while attending classes of flute and bass at wayne state university , he further developed his saxophone and compositional skills under the guidance of renowned teacher larry teal at the teal school of music .
15	the current frankenbok line-up consists of aaron butler ( guitar ) , tim miedecke ( bass and backing vocals ) , mick morley ( drums ) , dan mcdougall ( vocals ) and nathan ` yeti ' amatnieks ( guitar ) .
39	through his tumblr , kid cudi also unveiled the production credits for '' no one believes me '' and revealed that he was on guitar and accompanied dot da genius on drums , while dot da genius solely handled bass and piano .
29	selected cantatas the table used abbreviations : s = soprano , ms = mezzo-soprano , a = alto , t = tenor , bar = baritone , b = bass , childr = children 's choir , str = strings , instr = instruments , tr = tromba ( trumpet ) , co = horn , cn = cornett , tb = trombone , ti = timpani , fl = recorder , ft = flauto traverso , ob = oboe , oa = oboe d'amore , oc = oboe da caccia , vn = violin , va = viola , vc = cello , fg = bassoon , org = organ ) , bc = basso continuo literature alfred dürr : johann sebastian bach : die kantaten .
21	scoring and structure luca della robbia : cantoria , psalm 150 the cantata is festively scored for alto , tenor and bass soloists , a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , three oboe , oboe d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo including bassoon .
31	b. e. taylor later re-recorded this song on his first solo album , try love , as more of a rock song , getting rid of the synthesizers and making the bass , lead guitar , and drums much more involved .
57	roles sid el kar ( tenor ) hassi ( baritone ) mindar benjamin kidd ( comic baritone ) captain paul fontaine ( baritone or tenor ) azuri ( mezzo-soprano ) margot bonvalet ( soprano ) general birabeau ( baritone ) pierre birabeau/red shadow ( lyric baritone ) susan ( soprano or mezzo-soprano ) ali ben ali ( bass ) clementina hadji chorus of riffs , soldiers and inhabitants of the fortress synopsis french general birabeau has been sent to morocco to root out and destroy the riffs , a band of arab rebels , who threaten the safety of the french outpost in the moroccan desert .
20	it was recorded in nashville and features sammy shelor on banjo , adam steffey on mandolin , tim dishman on bass , tim crouch on fiddle , scott coney on guitar and rob ickes on resonator guitar .
34	edwards came from a family of accomplished musicians , so that by age five he began playing a variety of string instruments including the steel guitar , banjo , mandolin , violin , and bass .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir only in the chorale , two oboe , two violin , viola , violoncello piccolo and basso continuo .
19	track listings personnel tarja turunen vocals tuomas holopainen keyboard and piano emppu vuorinen guitar jukka nevalainen drums marco hietala bass , vocals london philharmonic orchestra - orchestra and chorus video directed by uwe boll , '' wish i had an angel '' was the last video from once and it features some scenes from the 2005 movie alone in the dark , also directed by boll .
11	her second marriage was in december 1947 , to the famous bass player ray brown , whom she had met while on tour with dizzy gillespie 's band a year earlier .
18	at the end , toodles galore watches spike strum tom , who had replaced the strings on his bass , while jerry plays a quick riff on tom 's whiskers .
21	harry mcgilberry ( january 19 , 1950 april 3 , 2006 ) was an american b and soul singer and latter-day bass singer for the temptations between 1995 and 2003 .
19	track listing personnel anaïs mitchell & rachel ries - guitar and vocals billy beard - drums kimon kirk - bass dan abu-absi - mandolin drew lindsay - accordion jesse graber - violin john hasbrouck - dobro on '' grace the day '' mike grigoni - dobro and pedal steel on '' o my star !
57	track listing ; digital download -- '' non me lo so spiegare '' ( 2004 ) personnel ; music credits michele canova -- arrangements , rhythmic programming , keyboards leonardo di angilla -- percussions tiziano ferro -- vocals , composer andrea fontana -- drums cristian rigano -- rhodes piano , acoustic piano , keyboards pino saracini -- bass davide tagliapietra -- guitars ; production credits michele canova -- prudcer , engineer , mixing sandro franchin -- additional engineer mara maionchi -- producer alberto salerno -- producer charts laura pausini cover laura pausini recorded the song as a duet with tiziano ferro for her 2006 's album io canto .
46	the band was originally named foghorn leghorn and the lineup consisted of stephen '' sammy '' lind on fiddle and harmony vocals , the reverend p. t. grover , jr. , on banjo , caleb klauder on mandolin and harmony vocals , and brian bagdonas on bass .
29	kim fowley brings ann boleyn to hollywood in 1976 , while still a teenager in high school , producer kim fowley recruited her to join the runaways as the bass player .
44	members line-up before band break-up qualcast '' koffee perkulator '' mutilator ( pete lee ) - vocals concorde faceripper ( steve nesfield ) - guitar schizo rotary sprintmaster ( gavin ` paddy ' o'malley ) - guitar mightymo destructimo ( chris parkes ) - bass explodin ' dr jaggers flymo ( chris flint ) - drums former members ( as lawnmower deth ) baron kev von thresh meister silo stench chisel '' is it time for my dinner yet ?
108	some of them were : symphonic orchestra of berlin philharmonic orchestra of venezuela symphonic orchestra of paris strings orchestra of torino 's philharmonic wind band of the bayreuth 's youth international festival national chamber orchestra of uruguay orchestra of the anacrusa festival of santiago de chile symphonic orchestra of tucumán in addition , many solo artists have performed his compositions , such as : eduardo fernández ( guitar ) , götz bernau ( violin ) , vihn pham ( violin ) , nicholas ktichen ( violin ) , daniel luzko and josé luis miranda ( piano ) , mami sakuda fiorentini ( soprano ) , antonio dourthe ( bass ) , eladio pérez gonzález ( baritone ) .
16	its members were milenko stefanović - clarinet , vojislav đonović - guitar and aleksandar nećak - bass .
40	in 1942 , in the absence of the station 's owner and announcer sam anderson , he also began reading commercials on the station 's 15-minute slot sponsored by the king biscuit flour company , and began learning to play bass .
29	ultimately , three songs on the album did feature dane 's trademark high-pitched vocals , though the majority of the singing was more in line with the baritone and bass vocals that were featured prominently in nevermore .
15	raised on the road in a show-business family , she learned to play cello , bass , banjo , violin , mandolin , harp , accordion , clarinet , trumpet , and saxophone at professional levels by the time she was 15 .
10	in live performances , taylor frequently switches between playing the bass , clarinet , flute , saxophone and sometimes the accordion .
23	personnel ringo starr lead vocal , piano , drums , percussion george harrison backing vocal , lead guitar paul mccartney backing vocal , bass , piano john lennon rhythm guitar , backing vocals re-release the song was re-released in 2006 on the beatles album love , which contained remixes of classic beatles songs .
18	track listing personnel napalm death mark greenway -- vocals mitch harris -- guitar , vocals shane embury -- bass , vocals danny herrera -- drums production napalm death -- arrangement , production russ russell -- production , engineering , mixing , mastering mick kenney -- outside illustration kevin sharp -- inside illustration carsten drescher -- layout hugo chevalier -- band photo ( herrera ) ccphotoart .
26	the choir comprises sixteen boy choristers and sixteen girl choristers aged between 8 -- 13 years and six professional lay vicars singing countertenor , tenor and bass .
14	the song is also well known for bill wyman 's so-called '' dive-bombing '' bass line at the end of the song .
27	in 1979 , after playing with the reversible cords on may day at raul 's , erickson recorded 15 new songs with producer stu cook , former bass player of creedence clearwater revival .
7	) hiroyuki '' den '' onishi -- bass ( 1996 -- 1998 , 2011 -- present ) , ( sister 's no future , zigzo , pt. , test-no .
23	the choir receives additional support from members of the public who bolster the ranks when support is required , providing a more balanced bass and tenor sound .
20	the current line-up is james taylor ( hammond organ ) , chris montague ( guitar ) , andrew mckinney ( bass ) and adam betts ( drums ) , although recordings and live performances usually feature a horn section comprising john willmott ( tenor sax / flute ) and nick smart ( trumpet ) , and also vocalist yvonne yanney .
3	george duvivier -- bass art taylor -- drums january 13 , 1955 , track 2 .
5	he is known for his bass singing voice .
3	the narrator ( bass solo ) : '' now in each nation there were some cast out '' 5 .
32	track listing all songs written by tommy flanagan except as indicated personnel idrees sulieman -- trumpet john coltrane -- tenor saxophone tommy flanagan -- piano kenny burrell -- guitar doug watkins -- bass louis hayes -- drums on '' how long has this been going on '' sulieman , coltrane and burrell are pausing .
37	they were characterized by their silent , emotionless presence , and by their instrumentation in the family band : banjo ( doug dillard ) , guitar ( rodney dillard ) , mandolin ( dean webb ) and bass ( mitch jayne ) .
19	nicolai moscona ( september 23 , 1907 - september 17 , 1975 ) was a greek - born operatic bass .
15	when lurch appears ( usually immediately thereafter ) , he responds in a very deep bass voice , '' you rang ?
33	v.s.o.p. was an american jazz quintet consisting of herbie hancock ( piano , keyboards , synthesizers and vocals ) , wayne shorter ( tenor saxophone and soprano saxophone ) , ron carter ( bass ) , tony williams ( drums ) and freddie hubbard ( trumpet and flugelhorn ) .
3	percy heath -- bass art taylor -- drums december 16 , 1954 , fine sound studios , new york , side b track 1 .
28	recording and structure while they recorded the song the guitar was played by barry and vince and joined by bluegrass musician bill keith on banjo , maurice on bass and colin on drums .
22	chris warlow ( vocals / guitar / synthesizer ) cez mathias ( vocals / guitar / drum machine ) fudge wilson ( bass ) .
15	byrd had three brothers , oscar , jack , and joe , who was a bass player .
43	the one o’clock is the highest of nine peer lab bands at the college , each named for its hour of rehearsal and each a standard 19-piece big band instrumentation five saxophones , five trombones , five trumpets , piano , guitar , bass , and drums .
6	players can choose between guitar , bass , keyboard , and drums , which each have their own unique play style .
12	sebastian steinberg ( born february 20 , 1959 ) is an american bass player , best known for his work in the band soul coughing .
16	track listing personnel performance sonny rollins -- tenor saxophone jim hall -- guitar bob cranshaw -- bass ben riley -- drums harry '' h.t. '' saunders -- drums ( replaces riley on '' god bless the child '' ) '' god bless the child '' recorded on january 30 , 1962 '' where are you ?
21	by 1958 , the group consisted of john coltrane on tenor saxophone , red garland on piano , paul chambers on bass , and philly joe jones on drums , and had just been expanded to a sextet with the addition of cannonball adderley on alto saxophone .
15	ludwig weber ( july 29 , 1899 december 9 , 1974 ) was an austrian bass .
45	on april 18 , 1941 , as an early experiment in overdubbing at victor , bechet recorded a version of the pop song '' the sheik of araby '' , playing six different instruments : clarinet , soprano saxophone , tenor saxophone , piano , bass , and drums .
10	this is the first excel recording with shaun ross on bass and greg saenz on drums , and also the only one that includes its homonym song .
27	4 runner was an american country music vocal group founded in 1993 by lead singer craig morris , baritone billy crittenden , tenor lee hilliard , and bass jim chapman .
32	theo jörgensmann and marcin oles in budapest , concert hall ship a 38 , september 2006 marcin oles ( born 1973 in sosnowiec , poland ) is a jazz and free improvisation bass player , composer and record producer .
7	bud powell -- piano ray brown -- bass buddy rich -- drums february 1951 , new york , tracks 5 -- 12 .
24	jackson , purdie , laws , knowles , and saunders all returned to play on free will and were joined by jerry jemmott playing bass , david spinozza on guitar , and horace ott ( arranger and conductor ) .
44	track listing the 1959 vinyl album ; side one the 2006 cd rerelease personnel thelonious monk piano donald byrd trumpet eddie bert trombone robert northern french horn jay mcallister tuba phil woods alto saxophone charlie rouse tenor saxophone pepper adams baritone saxophone sam jones bass art taylor drums tributes as from 2010 , american jazz pianist jason moran went on tour with his project in my mind , a multimedia presentation heavily inspired by thelonious monk 's concert at the town hall .
4	with christian mcbride ( bass ) and jack dejohnette ( drums ) .
34	charlap appears at least twice a year for lengthy runs at some of the world 's major jazz clubs , including the village vanguard with his rhythm section , consisting of peter washington ( bass ) and kenny washington ( drums ) .
33	'' track listing all songs written by matt thiessen side a side b credits matt thiessen -- lead vocals , guitar , piano matt hoopes -- guitar , backing vocals brian pittman -- bass dave douglas -- drums , backing vocals ( drums on '' we 're nothing without you only ) brett schoneman - drums ( all but '' we 're nothing without you '' ) the credits in the booklet of the bird and the bee sides showed that philmore drummer and former relient k fill in drummer , brett schoneman , played drums on every song of this ep except '' we 're nothing without you '' .
40	track listing personnel per liner notes bo diddley -- vocals , guitar jerome green -- co-lead vocals on '' say man , back again '' , maraca , background vocals peggy jones -- guitar , background vocals willie dixon -- bass clifton james -- drum frank kirkland -- drums jody williams -- guitar lafayette leake -- piano lester davenport -- harmonica on '' spanish guitar '' charts '' say man , back again '' reached # 23 on the b singles chart .
51	track listing line-up dave brockie ( oderus urungus ) - lead vocals dewey rowell ( flattus maximus ) - lead and rhythm guitar , backing vocals steve douglas ( balsac the jaws of death ) - lead and rhythm guitar , backing vocals michael bishop ( beefcake the mighty ) - bass , backing vocals rob mosby ( nippleus erectus ) - drums don drakulich ( techno destructo ) - lead vocals on '' techno 's song '' miscellaneous when the beginning of the song '' öllie north '' is played backwards , the actual beginning of the song happens to be a slurred rendition of a part of the bridge to careless whisper .
21	he sings both back-up and lead vocals , and plays electric and acoustic guitar , as well as the piano , bass and the synth .
15	members christopher powell / pow pow -- drums tookie sherman -- keyboard chris reggiani -- bass a.i. -- vocal , banjo jamey robinson -- piano jim reggiani -- percussion griffin rodriguez -- megabass larry d. brown -- saxophone man durphic -- aestheticist magic ronston -- aestheticist discography need new body ( 2001 , file thirteen records / pickled egg records ) ufo ( 2003 , file thirteen records / pickled egg records ) where 's black ben ?
19	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir only for the closing chorale , two oboe , two oboes da caccia , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
7	their recordings also feature wayne chaulk on bass or guitar , ray johnson on accordion or fiddle , and kevin blackmore on mandolin , fiddle , guitar , and any number of improvised percussion instruments including tupperware lids and garbage bags .
36	other members at various times included eric altman ( drum , played drums live and on all jimmy george recordings ) , christine chesser ( fiddle , vocals - chickpea ) , and vitas paukstitis ( bass ) .
28	the work calls for solo tenor ( evangelist ) , solo baritone ( jesus ) , chorus and organ , as well as minor roles for five solo bass ( judas , high priest , peter , pilate , bystander ) , a solo treble ( maid ) , and a solo treble or alto ( maid ii ) .
18	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for soprano , alto , tenor , and bass soloists , a four-part choir only in the closing chorale , two oboe , bassoon , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
28	his next composition , ecuatorial , was completed in 1934 , and contained parts for two fingerboard theremin cellos , along with winds , percussion , and a bass singer .
29	2nd era ( 1989-1999 ) the second leg of the tour was made into an aptly titled vhs , '' pirata tour '' , and featured roberto terzani on bass , daniele trambusti on drums and candelo cabezas on percussions besides pelù , renzulli and aiazzi .
14	lászló polgár ( 1 january 1947 19 september 2010 ) was an hungarian operatic bass .
44	bach first performed the cantata on 22 december 1715 in the ducal chapel , scoring and structure as in several other cantatas on words of franck , the cantata is scored for a small ensemble , here soprano , alto , tenor , and bass , two oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
21	history the band was formed by mark bandola ( vocals , guitar , keyboards ) and rob vandeven ( vocals , bass ) , with pete barraclough ( guitars , keyboards ) , and bryan hudspeth ( drums ) .
4	members danny bland -- bass james burdyshaw -- guitar ( formerly of 64 spiders ) .
19	according to an early 20th-century book written by david clippinger , all voices have a head register , whether bass or soprano .
14	norman allin ( 19 november 1884 -- 27 october 1973 ) was a british bass singer of the early and mid twentieth century , and later a teacher of voice .
20	track listing personnel serge chaloff -- baritone saxophone sonny clark -- piano philly joe jones -- drums leroy vinnegar -- bass release history in 2004 , definitive records released blue serge and boston blow up !
3	ray brown -- bass ( except track 4 -- powell solo ) max roach -- drums ( except track 4 -- powell solo ) february 1950 , disc 1 , tracks 7-13 .
17	members current dana robertson - guitars and vocals marco rocca - guitar and vocals jamie oldfield - bass tom '' t-bone '' antle - drums former dave ?
18	they also utilized more diverse instruments , including mandolins , recorders and oboes , besides electric guitars , bass and later , drums .
36	formed on january 1 , 2000 , it has consisted of yomi ( lead vocals ) , sakito ( lead guitar & backing vocals ) , hitsugi ( rhythm guitar ) , ni ~ ya ( bass & backing vocals ) and ruka ( drums & percussion ) for the majority of their career .
17	scoring and structure the work is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two flute , two oboe , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
47	promo single 7 '' vinyl geffen 9 24148-2 : a side : my michelle b side : knockin ' on heaven 's door ( live ) personnel izzy stradlin - rhythm guitar , backing vocals slash - lead guitar axl rose - lead vocals duff mckagan - bass , backing vocals steven adler - drums covers the song was covered by the punk group afi for the compilation called punk goes metal .
33	the session was produced by the chess brothers -- leonard and phil -- and backing chuck berry was johnnie johnson on piano , l. c. davis on tenor saxophone , willie dixon on bass , and fred below on drum .
18	an arrangement of this symphony for chamber ensemble ( consisting of 2 violin , viola , cello , bass , clarinet , horn , piano 4-hands , and harmonium ) was prepared in 1921 by students and associates of arnold schoenberg , for the viennese '' society for private musical performances '' : hanns eisler ( 1st and 3rd movements ) , erwin stein ( 2nd mvt .
25	track listing personnel hansi kürsch - vocals andré olbrich - guitar marcus siepen - guitar frederik ehmke - drums guest musician : oliver holzwarth - bass video the video for another stranger me was filmed by director ivan colic .
16	instrumentation the symphony is scored for ten violin , four viola , three cello and two bass .
10	it features chorus with soprano , contralto , tenor and bass solos .
14	darling '' mark eric - guitar on '' greenwich meantime '' bruce kulick - bass on '' the day i went mad '' , '' do n't look down '' , '' oh !
41	) his first album as a leader was tones for joan 's bones in 1966 , two years before the release of his album now he sings , now he sobs , with roy haynes on drums and miroslav vitouš on bass .
3	dick escott ( bass ) .
12	largely dispensing with the track 's instrumental backing ( apart from distant bass and occasional acoustic guitar ) the remix features kela 's beatboxing alongside rhys's lead vocal and follows the arrangement of the original .
32	previously , his own band has featured an international mix of musicians perico sambeat ( alto saxophone ; spain ) , bernardo sassetti ( piano ; portugal ) , geoff gascoyne ( bass , united kingdom ) , and gene calderazzo ( drums ; united states ) more recently he has toured the guy barker jazz orchestra -- a 15 piece big band featuring rosario giuliani ( alto saxophone ; italy ) and per johansson ( tenor saxophone ; sweden ) - performing dzf , a reworking of mozart 's magic flute with michael brandon narrating the story as a raymond chandler style pulp fiction novel , retold by robert ryan guy barker was musical director / arranger for the opening gala concert '' jazz voice : celebrating a century of song '' at the london jazz festival in 2008 , 2009 , 2010 and 2011 .
9	on the album chrisye provided vocals and played the bass , while soerjoprajogo played several instruments -- including the mandolin .
28	personnel musicians miles davis -- trumpet , leader julian '' cannonball '' adderley -- alto saxophone john coltrane -- tenor saxophone bill evans -- piano paul chambers -- bass jimmy cobb -- drums production teo macero -- producer larry keyes -- engineer , remastering ira gitler -- liner notes mike berniker -- reissue , digital producer release history this album was originally released in 1974 ( not 1958 ) on cbs/sony records , 1958 miles has had a straight forward release history .
18	on 6 march 2010 , the group entered the voice festival uk for the second time , where bass iain glen won the ` outstanding arrangement ' for his arrangement of sara bareilles ' '' gravity '' .
31	the members of his band include : doble sentido ( 2003 ) sandy stein ( piano and accordion ) jesus '' el niño '' perez ( piano ) eddie resto ( bass ) nacho ontiveros ( timbal and guiro ) marcos tabori ( timbal ) papo rodriguez ( conga and bongo ) ricky rodriguez ( conga ) braulio berrera ( bongo , cajon , and vocals ) ramon flores ( trumpet ) charlie biggs ( trumpet ) arturo velasco trombone ) erick jeorgensen ( trombone ) david stout ( trombone ) bobby rivas guiro and maracas .
24	( pentangle drummer terry cox added drums on the october 8 sessions ) personnel barry gibb - lead vocal , guitar maurice gibb - bass , piano , organ , guitar , backing vocal terry cox - drums chart performance cover versions in the early 1970s , spanish band los mustang did a cover version called '' aio , aio ( que se mueran los feos ) '' .
20	nick massi , ( born nicholas macioci , september 19 , 1935 - december 24 , 2000 ) was the bass singer for the four seasons , born in newark , new jersey .
20	personnel toby morse -- vocals todd morse -- guitar , vocals rusty pistachio -- guitar , vocals adam blake -- bass todd friend -- drum , vocals the album was recorded in august 2002 and mixed in september 2002 in suffern , new york .
19	john munson ( born december 13 , 1966 ) is a minneapolis musician who is best known as the bass player for semisonic .
13	in 1970 , dave torbert replaced phil lesh as the new riders ' bass player , and spencer dryden replaced mickey hart on drums .
9	radcliffe was self-taught on the guitar , piano , bass , vibes and drums , preferring to write using his goya acoustic guitar because of its portability .
28	scoring and structure the work features four vocal soloists : bellona ( soprano ) , pallas ( alto ) , irene ( tenor ) , and fama ( bass ) .
17	early history the band first gathered as a folk band consisted of steve gershin ( mandolin , bass and vocal ) , ze’ev gut ( fiddle and vocal ) and olga braverman ( flute and vocal ) , describing them as renaissance metal , due to frequent use of renaissance and medieval motives , played in a metal-crossover style , using such instruments as mandolin , fiddle and flute .
19	scoring and structure the cantata is intimately scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
38	track listing band personnel jon bon jovi ( lead vocals , guitar ) richie sambora ( guitar , backing vocals ) tico torres ( drums ) david bryan ( keyboards , backing vocals ) with hugh mcdonald ( bass , backing vocals ) available on the following formats vhs video cd dvd additional information the concert was originally released on vhs in 1995 , then worldwide on dvd in 2003 .
20	line-up the original line-up was : paul '' doug '' sheppard ( lead guitar ) terry hopkinson ( vocals , bass ) paul tognola ( vocals , lead guitar ) paul conyers ( drum ) .
19	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboe , bassoon , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
18	donald winston thompson , oc ( born 18 january 1940 ) is a canadian jazz musician who plays bass , piano , and vibes .
39	track listing personnel maddy prior - vocals june tabor - vocals martin carthy - guitar nic jones - fiddle tony hall - melodeon andy irvine - mandolin johnny moynihan - bouzouki gabriel mckeon - uillean pipes danny thompson - bass john gillaspie brian golbey critical reviews this album has been widely regarded as the best english acoustic traditional folk album of the 1970s .
27	he began with the clarinet , experimented with the piano , drums and guitar , yet at the age of 14 found his true passion in the bass .
1	personnel bass -- munja mitić drums -- šeki gayton rhythm ) -- sejo sexon guitar ( solo ) -- mujo snažni lead vocals -- dr. nele karajlić organ , keyboards -- seid mali karajlić saxophone , flute -- ogi gajić rerelease the album was re-released in 1999 by nimfa sound label from sarajevo .
20	structure and scoring the cantata in seven movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , corno da tirarsi , a slide horn that bach scored for a short period , flauto traverso , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
30	band members david james foster - vocals & guitar ( 2009 -- present ) adam beddow - guitar & backing vocals ( 2009 -- present ) jamie c. weate - bass & backing vocals ( 2009 -- present ) daniel taylor - drums ( 2009 -- present ) formation and ` declaration of independence ep ' no americana formed in early 2009 .
15	its members , the guitarist dino cazares , jello biafra , drummer pat hoed , bass guitarist billy gould and vocalist juan brujo , used pseudonyms as most were in other known bands .
23	afterwards , the cello rises in volume until it unexpectedly fades and the orchestra takes over , progressing with repeating trumpet and rapid bass ( not unlike the brass repetition of mars , the bringer of war in holst's the planets ) ; this builds into a climactic moment in the movement , an ecstatic , dance-like section with layered harmonies , punctuated by distant clangs of a bell .
69	line-up the chords featured carl ( lead ) and claude feaster ( baritone ) ( born september 23 , 1933 - november 1975 ) , jimmy keyes ( first tenor ) ( born may 22 , 1930 , the bronx , new york - july 22 , 1995 , new york ) , floyd '' buddy '' mcrae ( second tenor ) and william '' ricky '' edwards ( bass ) - formed in 1951 in the bronx , new york , but were not discovered until three years later , when they were spotted singing in a subway station , a performance that ultimately landed them a recording contract with atlantic records ' cat records label .
42	acoustically , the choice of a clarinet , violin , and piano is characteristic in that most chamber music ( and most music in general ) contains high ( soprano ) , mid-range ( alto / tenor ) , and low ( bass / baritone ) parts .
25	a maxon pedal maxon is the name used by the nisshin onpa company of japan for its line of effects pedal designed for guitar and bass .
19	personnel george harrison lead vocals , hammond organ john lennon backing vocals , tambourine paul mccartney backing vocals , bass ringo starr drums , backwards cymbal session musician cello cultural references cover versions '' blue jay way '' has been covered by : colin newman on his 1982 album not to borbetomagus on their 1990 album buncha hair that long dan bern on his 1998 album smartie mine rodney graham on his 2000 album what is happy , baby ?
21	scoring and structure the cantata in eight movements is for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboes d'amore , flauto traverso , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
37	the group was the most commercially successful of the acoustic era , and at the peak of their popularity , between about 1911 and 1917 , also featured tenor henry burr , baritone arthur collins , and bass john meyer .
16	the work is scored for five vocal parts , two soprano , alto , tenor and bass , and an orchestra of three trumpets , timpani , corno da caccia , two flauti traversi , two oboes , two oboes d'amore , two bassoons , two violins , viola , and basso continuo .
53	the recording the song was recorded on august 9 , 1953 , at atlantic studios and featured clyde mcphatter ( lead ) , bill pinkney ( top tenor ) , andrew '' bubba '' thrasher ( second tenor ) , gerhart '' gay '' thrasher ( baritone ) , and willie ferbie ( bass ) .
9	massimo biolcati ( born 1972 ) is a jazz bass , and composer .
7	the original lineup consisted of harrison on bass and sands on guitar , with roger stamper on fiddle and charlie '' wichita '' wagoner playing mandolin .
31	the album was recorded in stereo quadraphonic sound and featured guest performances by members of the grateful dead , including jerry garcia playing treated guitar and phil lesh playing electronic alembic bass .
24	in addition to several minor roles , the opera requires a boys ' choir and a '' choir of judges '' who all sing bass .
14	personnel john lennon - vocals , piano nicky hopkins - piano klaus voormann - bass john barham - vibraphone alan white - drums the flux fiddlers - strings covers the song was covered by the band stereophonics as a b-side to the song '' handbags and gladrags '' .
12	a native of prairie view , texas , booker was a reliable bass player and an underrated stylist .
11	track listing personnel serge chaloff -- baritone saxophone everett evans -- bass boots mussulli -- alto saxophone herb pomeroy -- trumpet ray santisi -- piano jimmy zitano -- drums release history boston blow-up !
22	track listing all tracks by lizzy borden except were noted personnel lizzy borden - vocals alex nelson - guitar marten andersson - bass joey scott - drums additional personnel elliott solomon played all keyboards .
97	roles morgan le fay , king arthur 's half-sister ( soprano ) lady de hautdesert , wife of bertilak ( mezzo-soprano ) arthur , king ( tenor ) guinevere , arthur 's wife ( soprano ) a fool ( baritone ) agravain , a knight of king arthur 's court , gawain 's brother ywain , a knight of king arthur 's court , gawain 's brother gawain , a knight of king arthur 's court , ( baritone ) bishop baldwin ( countertenor ) bedevere , a knight the green knight / bertilak de hautdesert ( bass ) synopsis sir gawain and the green knight act 1 it is christmas at camelot .
40	formed in 1993 at new york university featuring chris leo ( formerly of native nod and brother of ted leo ) on vocals and guitar , brian maryansky on guitar , toko yasuda ( formerly of blonde redhead ) on bass , and neil o'brien on drums .
22	ransom knowling ( 24 june 1912 22 october 1967 ) was an american rhythm and blues musician , best known for playing bass on many blues recordings made in chicago between the 1930s and 1950s , including those of arthur crudup and little brother montgomery .
21	since its inception , the band 's line-up has included founders : vocals / guitar graham boostrom , and vocals / bass ray delgado .
7	he spent the next year singing the bass repertoire in opera houses throughout italy , including the teatro regio di parma and teatro comunale di bologna .
14	track listing personnel sheila jordan -- voice barry galbraith -- guitar steve swallow -- bass denzil best -- drums '' dat dere '' features jordan and swallow alone .
10	track listing personnel john cafiero -- vocals jerry only -- bass dez cadena -- lead guitar ivan julian -- rhythm guitar marky ramone -- drum cover songs among the songs on the album are cover version of the title tracks from anime series astro boy and sailor moon , and the rossano brazzi film the christmas that almost was n't .
9	trevor hutchinson with lúnasa trevor hutchinson is an british bass player and a founding member of lúnasa .
17	karel strakatý karel strakatý ( 2 july 1804 -- 26 april 1868 ) was a czech operatic bass who had a lengthy career at the estates theatre in prague from 1827 until his retirement in 1858 .
49	( see '' declare independence '' live dedications ) personnel band vocals , piano : harry connick , jr . trombone : lucien barbarin , joe barati , jeff bush , dion tucker trumpet : roger ingram , derrick gardner , mark braud , leroy jones , bijon watson bass : neal caine alto saxophone : charles '' ned '' goold baritone saxophone : david schumacher tenor saxophone : jerry weldon drums : arthur latin band member dion tucker proposed to his girlfriend , on stage during the concert on april 21 , 2007 , in radio city music hall , in new york , new york .
12	libbi met and married tracy stuffle who would become the group 's bass singer .
13	scoring this cantata is written for soprano , alto , tenor , and bass soloists , four-part chorus , three trumpets , three oboe , oboe d'amore , oboe da caccia , two transverse flute , bassoon , two violins , viola , timpani , and continuo .
20	the choir typically uses '' satb '' voices ( soprano or treble , alto or counter-tenor , tenor , and bass ) , though in many works some or all of these voices are divided into two for part or all of the piece ; in this case the two halves of the choir ( one on each side of the aisle ) are traditionally named decani ( or 1 , for the higher voice ) and cantoris ( or 2 , for the lower voice ) .
11	the voice types ( character tenor , soprano , bass-baritone , bass , coloratura soprano ) equal the roles .
22	thereafter , nino learned how to play harmonium , guitar ( electric classical ) , drums , harmonica , accordion , and bass by the age of 16 .
16	gregory reinhart ( born 18 june 1951 in pavilion , new york ) is an american bass opera singer .
29	track listing 2-track single maxi single 12 '' picture disc chart performance credits and personnel additional production by justin spier and mat jackson all instrument by matt prime additional bass : guy pratt recorded at stanley house in 2006 credits adapted from the liner notes of trip the light fantastic , interscope records .
10	the greatest of faure 's french heirs were the lyric bass pol plançon ( 1851-1914 ) -- who modelled his vocal method directly on that of faure -- and jean lassalle ( 1847-1909 ) , who succeeded faure as principal baritone at the paris opera .
3	george duvivier -- bass art taylor -- drums january 13 , 1955 , side a track 5 and side b tracks 1-5 .
93	track listing digital download credits and personnel ; recording recorded at superspy studios , los angeles , california ; resonate studios in burbank , california ; the jungle room , glendale , california ; and safe house studios , greensboro , north carolina ; personnel songwriting -- isaac haason , lindy robbins , mher filian production -- superspy lead vocals -- demi lovato , lindy robbins programming -- isaac hasson , mher filian engineering -- superspy , simon sampath-kumar , dorian crozier , jason coons mixing -- chris lord-alge drums -- dorian crozier bass -- kenny johnson guitars and synths -- isaac hasson keys -- mher filian credits are adapted from the here we go again liner notes .
12	hans sotin ( born 10 september 1939 ) is a german opera bass .
87	track listing personnel the following people contributed to the best of little walter : little walter -- lead vocals , harmonica muddy waters -- guitar on '' juke '' and '' ca n't hold out much longer '' jimmy rogers -- guitar on '' juke '' and '' ca n't hold out much longer '' david myers -- guitar louis myers -- guitar leonard caston -- guitar on '' my babe '' robert lockwood , jr . -- guitar on '' my babe '' willie dixon -- bass , producer elgin evans -- drum on '' juke '' and '' ca n't hold out much longer '' fred below -- drums studs terkel -- sleeve notes singles chart the songs '' juke '' and '' my babe '' peaked at # 1 on billboard magazine 's b singles chart .
44	history formation and early history ( 2000 -- 2003 ) in 2000 long-time band mates michael eriksen ( vocals ) and brothers mats ( guitar ) and truls haugen ( drums ) were joined by keyboard player espen storø and glen cato møllen on bass to form circus maximus .
16	personnel art pepper -- alto saxophone hampton hawes -- piano , electric piano charlie haden -- bass shelly manne -- drums sources richard cook & brian morton .
14	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for soprano , alto , tenor and bass soloists , a four-part choir , horn , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
37	davis assembled his first regular quintet to meet a commitment at the café bohemia in july , by september the line-up stabilizing to john coltrane on tenor saxophone , red garland on piano , paul chambers on bass , and philly joe jones on drums .
25	cootie williams -- trumpet lou mcgarity -- trombone les robinson -- alto sax skippy martin -- baritone sax john guarnieri -- piano artie bernstein -- bass jo jones -- drums april 1 , 1942 , chicago .
5	their rendition -- which included bass singer richard sterban 's deep-voiced vocal solo on the chorus ( '' giddy up ba-oom papa oom papa mow mow '' ) -- would also become their biggest pop hit , peaking at no. 5 on the hot 100 that august .
29	these elements could be the melody , the counter-melody , the phrase and break in the melody , the beat , the back beat , the drum , the bass , the keys of the piano and any other musical or rhythmic components .
27	track listing personnel j. j. johnson , kai winding trombone bob james , herbie hancock , ross tompkins - keyboards george benson - guitar ron carter - bass grady tate - drums other unidentified musicians track 1 : 13 : 56 / 2 : 4 : 27 / 3 : 11 : 19 / 4 : 7 : 30 total : 37 : 12 assigned u.s. catalog number ` sp 3027 ' but not released domestically .
27	it consisted of steve albini ( formerly of big black ) on guitar and vocals , david wm . sims ( formerly of scratch acid ) on bass , and rey washam ( formerly of scratch acid and big boys ) on drums .
12	kelly co-founded kingfish in 1973 with new riders of the purple sage bass player dave torbert and fellow san francisco bay area musicians robbie hoddinott , chris herold , and mick ward .
22	track listing all compositions by barre phillips recorded at studio bauer in ludwigsburg , west germany in june 1979 personnel barre phillips bass john surman soprano saxophone .
5	he recently retired from singing bass in the choir of st. mary 's cathedral , glasgow .
30	the track starts with 24 seconds of heavily effected guitar , drums and '' bizarre sound effects '' before the first verse begins , rising in volume as a looping bass line joins the mix and gruff rhys speaks the lines '' this song is daunted by a radical new vision , no more imperial colonial bastards , no more romantic comedies , this is a fanfare introduction to a high-powered , purposeful theme .
16	'' current band members beebs - vocals and kazoo jeremy lovelady - guitar levon white - bass paul brisske - drums bunky garrabrant - trumpet eric ` e-money ' christian - saxophone and flute discography albums würst album ever ( 2014 ) no sleep tonight !
40	) ( issued as 12 '' lp : ) ( debut deb-124 ) ( the 2004 reissue contains fourteen tracks , of which nos. 5 through 11 are without parker and gillespie : ) personnel dizzy gillespie trumpet charles mingus bass charlie parker alto sax bud powell piano max roach drums an album of a trio set played by powell , mingus and roach at the concert was also issued ( tracks 6 through 11 above ) .
3	george duvivier -- bass art taylor -- drums june 4 , 1954 , fine sound studios , new york , side a tracks 5-6 and side b tracks 1-2 .
8	personnel damon delapaz -- drums adam lewis -- bass chris lewis -- guitar will salazar -- vocals , guitar trivia the title of this album as well as the symbol on the cover are references to the metal band slayer and the pop artist prince .
32	it is becoming increasingly common in a cappella and barbershop music circles to use the fifth voice as vocal percussionist , with the remainder being a traditional satb ( soprano alto tenor bass ) quartet , or perhaps ssaa or ttbb .
5	jason viebrooks jason viebrooks played bass on the first two albums before his departure .
11	he himself was the teacher of a number of important british bass , including robert lloyd , willard white , john tomlinson and gwynne howell .
12	later that summer they added a rhythm section , tony tolhurst ( bass ) and john pilgrim ( washboard ) , and took up residency at the renowned soho music venue , the 2i 's coffee bar .
27	they disbanded in 1951 and powell formed the austin powell quintet , which consisted of former cats and the fiddle members johnny davis , stanley gaines ( bass ) , doris knighton , as well as beryl booker , and dottie smith .
20	scoring and structure the cantata in nine movements is festively scored for three vocal soloists ( soprano , tenor and bass ) , a five-part choir ( ssatb ) , three trumpet , timpani , three oboe , taille ( tenor oboe ) , bassoon , two violin , two viola , two cello and basso continuo .
24	the 2004 album get down with it : the okeh sessions includes a booklet that also credits the following musicians : eddie fletcher -- bass , glen willings -- guitar .
6	track listing personnel phil lesh -- bass , vocals warren haynes -- guitar , vocals jimmy herring -- guitar john molo -- drums and percussion rob barraco -- keyboards , vocals michael kang -- violin on '' rock-n-roll blues '' limited edition there and back again was released in two different versions , the regular album , and a limited edition album .
25	the earliest version of the group included first tenor albert campbell , second tenor james kent '' jim '' reynard , baritone joe belmont and bass joe majors .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in eight movements is scored for four vocal soloists -- soprano , alto , tenor and bass -- and a four-part choir , flauto traverso , two oboe , two violin , viola , organ and continuo .
10	personnel phil ehart - percussion , drums dave hope - bass kerry livgren - guitar , keyboard robby steinhardt - violin , backing vocals , lead vocals on '' bringing it back '' and '' down the road .
35	the original members are : kirk wall ( master of ceremonies and sometime - elvis impersonator ) , guitar and fiddle mario hildago , banjo dennis fetchet , fiddle john marshall ( founder ) , bass mario was later replaced before the opening inside the golden horseshoe saloon on december 18 , 1994 by evan marshall ( mandolin ) , who left the band in 2003 .
47	; side one ; side two personnel per liner notes bo diddley -- vocals , guitar ; violin on '' the clock strikes twelve '' peggy jones -- guitar , backing vocals jerome green -- co-lead vocals on '' say man '' , maraca willie dixon -- bass clifton james -- drums frank kirkland -- drums billy boy arnold -- harmonica on '' you do n't love me ( you do n't care ) '' and '' little girl '' lafayette leake -- piano otis spann -- piano cover versions the song '' little girl '' was covered by british r&b group the yardbirds on their album five live yardbirds and was the first of three bo diddley songs released on the album .
27	martin was persuaded by harvey and then further developed '' clocks '' while other band members supplemented their ideas based on the main piano track , adding bass and drums .
18	roles dryada ( contralto ) graf gerold ( tenor ) guntram von bornhofen ( baritone ) ratto ( bass ) rheingraf boland von sternberg ( baritone ) silvana ( soprano ) recordings complete recording of the opera , conducted by gerhard markson ( on the marco polo label ) .
20	the name was coined because the early dance-hall numbers were invariably four-piece bands ( violin - piano - accordion - bass ) .
27	track listing personnel ray charles keyboards , vocals marcus belgrave trumpet john hunt trumpet david newman tenor saxophone , alto saxophone hank crawford baritone saxophone edgar willis bass teagle fleming drums marjorie hendricks vocals the raelets vocal group the track '' yes , indeed '' was recorded live at the newport jazz festival on july 5 , 1958 , with lee harper replacing john hunt on trumpet and richie goldberg replacing teagle fleming on drums .
14	requiem canticles is a 15 minute composition by igor stravinsky , for contralto and bass soli , chorus , and orchestra .
16	track listing personnel the speaking canaries : damon che - guitar , vocals , drums , bass , percussion , glockenspiel , recording engineer noah leger - drums on half ( lower in the mix will be a sure indication .
2	instruments played bass , cello , sitar , piano , guitar , sarode , esraj , dilruba , tanpura , mandolin , vocals .
25	scoring and structure the cantata was scored for four vocalist soloists : diana , soprano i pales , soprano ii endymion , tenor pan , bass the instrumental parts comprised two horns , two recorders , two oboes , taille , bassoon , two violins , viola , cello , violone , and continuo .
20	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , horn , flauto traverso , oboe , oboe d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
22	it introduced the new smart strings instrument , a string orchestra of 1st and 2nd violins , viola , celli , and bass , capable of playing notes legato , staccato , and pizzicato .
46	track listing all songs written by jonathan byrd unless indicated otherwise '' livers & gizzards '' ( hidden tracks/outtakes available as wav files on the cd release ) credits musicians : jonathan byrd -- guitar & vocals john showman -- fiddle & vocals brian kobayakawa -- bass & vocals andrew collins -- mandolin & vocals chris quinn -- banjo & vocals treasa levasseur -- piano , accordion & vocals ken whitely -- national steel & vocals production : produced -- jonathan byrd executive producers -- ed & jand grant , jim & brenda prescott recorded -- ken whitely & nik tjelios at casa wroxton , toronto , ontario , november 23 , 2009 mixed -- jonathan byrd & jerry brown at the bonus room , hillsborough , north carolina , & the rubber room , chapel hill , north carolina baby photo -- darling art , ( darling-art .
17	this was the last song recorded for the album , and features inxs drum jon farriss , bass chris bailey and rick brewster from the angels .
10	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for soprano and bass vocal soloists , four-part choir , oboe , violin , and basso continuo .
24	baron hans von rokitansky ( german : hans freiherr von rokitansky ) ( 8 march 1835 2 november 1909 ) was an austria opera bass who sang for three decades at the vienna hofoper ( now vienna state opera ) and in concerts and operas throughout europe between 1856 and 1877 .
24	hans herbert fiedler ( born november 10 , 1907 , triest , died february 14 , 2004 in munich ) was a german opera bass and actor .
28	'' ernie '' farrow ( november 13 , 1928 in huntington , west virginia -- july 14 , 1969 ) was a jazz multi-instrumentalist who played piano , bass , and drums .
12	composed of craig mercer on guitar and vocals , mike macdougall on bass , aaron collier on keyboards and effects , and nick wombolt on drums , the band has been most often described as rocktronica .
43	'' ruan ( solo piano ) '' - 3 : 42 recorded at avatar studio , new york city on november 9 , 1997 mark feldman -- violin marc ribot -- guitar erik friedlander -- cello min xiao-fen -- pipa greg cohen -- bass anthony coleman -- piano latin boys go to hell ( 1997 ) directed by ela troyano 12 .
24	nigel harrison ( born 24 april 1951 , stockport , cheshire , england ) is an english musician , and best known as the bass player of the rock band blondie .
37	this is the most common kind of written music used by professional session musician playing jazz or other forms of popular music and is intended primarily for the rhythm section ( usually containing piano , guitar , bass and drum ) .
6	she was married to lauded operatic bass ignazio marini and often appeared on stage with him .
23	however , during the mediaeval period among ashkenazi jews there developed the tradition of the hazzan being accompanied for certain prayers by a bass voice ( known in yiddish as singer ) and a descant ( in yiddish , meshorrer ) .
30	the chorus was directed by noted arranger and mathematician david wright ( now assistant director ) from 1981 to 1990 and has been directed since 2001 by jim henry , bass singer of the 1993 international quartet champion , the gas house gang , and the 2009 international quartet champion , crossroads .
59	the spoken announcement by pee wee marquette is sampled in the us3 song '' cantaloop ( flip fantasia ) '' track listing bonus tracks on 2001 cd reissue originally on a night at birdland vol . 3 : personnel art blakey quintet : art blakey -- drums clifford brown -- trumpet lou donaldson -- alto saxophone curley russell -- bass horace silver -- piano production : bob bluementhal , leonard feather -- liner notes michael cuscuna -- reissue producer john hermansader or reid miles -- cover design alfred lion -- producer ron mcmaster -- digital transfers ( 1987 ) rudy van gelder -- engineer , mastering ( 1954 and 2001 ) francis wolff -- photography reception the two albums that were released from the birdland sessions are considered by the penguin guide to jazz to be part of their '' core collection .
8	he is considered one of the greatest contemporary bass singer in russia .
10	track listing personnel joshua bell , violin edgar meyer , bass sam bush , mandolin ; violin on '' death by triple fiddle '' mike marshall , guitar ; mandola on '' bt '' ; violin on '' death by triple fiddle '' in popular culture the track '' short trip home '' is heard in the richard proenneke documentary alone in the wilderness .
13	personnel herbie hancock piano freddie hubbard trumpet george coleman tenor saxophone ron carter bass tony williams drums other versions ahmad jamal recorded a version of '' dolphin dance '' on his 1971 album the awakening .
17	career in 1990 , while living in austin , barnes formed a band called bad livers with bass mark rubin and fiddler ralph white .
24	he plays various string instruments such as acoustic and classic guitar , indian sarod , persia tar , turkish jumbush , moroccan ginberi and bass .
1	a bass with a rich , smooth and sonorous voice , he spent 22 seasons at new york 's metropolitan opera , appearing in more than 750 performances of 50 operas .
14	the cantata i six movemets is written for soprano , alto , tenor and bass soloists , a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , two oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
25	scoring and structure the title is given by bach as : the cantata is structured in seven movements and is festively scored for tenor and bass soloists , a four-part choir , two horn , two recorder , two oboes da caccia , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
12	the band only played on classical instruments ( violins , cello , bass and drums ) .
19	composition the piece is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto or contralto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two flute , piccolo , two oboe , two clarinet in b-flat , two bassoon , four horns , two trumpet in c , three trombone , tuba , strings , timpani , four percussionists , two harp , and pianoforte .
17	george wilson younce ( february 22 , 1930 -- april 11 , 2005 ) was an american bass singer , known for performing with southern gospel quartet , especially the cathedrals .
5	john bennett was a professional bass , who sang as a lay clerk in the choirs of king's , st john 's and trinity colleges .
75	art farmer ( trumpet , credited as peter urban ) don butterfield ( tuba ) gigi gryce ( alto saxophone ) j.r. monterose ( tenor saxophone ) george barrow ( baritone saxophone on tracks 2 , 4 , 5 , and 6 ) sol schlinger ( baritone saxophone on tracks 1 , 3 , and 7 ) teddy charles ( vibraphone ) mal waldron ( piano ) jimmy raney ( guitar ) teddy kotick ( bass ) joe harris ( drums ) for tracks 8 and 9 , recorded october 23 , 1956 .
55	an instrumental version was recorded in oslo on april 29 , 1954 by '' verden rundt 's '' all star band ( rowland greenberg ( trp ) - a. skjold ( trombone ) - k. stokke ( alt ) - k. bergheim ( tenor ) - knut hyrum ( baritone ) - i. børsum ( bass ) - scott lunde ( piano ) - k. o. hoff ( drums ) ) .
17	personnel barry gibb - lead vocals , guitar robin gibb - vocals maurice gibb - vocals , bass blue weaver - keyboards , synthesiser , piano dennis bryon - drums joe lala - percussion cover versions also the song was recorded by the rare earth and originally written by the bee gees for it .
25	as ancient greek theater recitations were partly melodic , the role of the tritagonist would typically go to a performer with a voice in the bass range ( as compared to the protagonist as tenor and the deuteragonist as baritone ) .
17	jeff scott soto -- vocals robert säll - guitar and keyboards erik mårtensson - rhythm guitar , bass , keyboards , background vocals magnus henriksson - lead guitar robban bäck - drums one live - in stockholm one live - in stockholm is the first live cd & dvd released by w.e.t. on frontiers records and will be available in february 2014 .
17	morris '' b.b. '' dickerson ( born 3 august 1949 , torrance , california ) was the bass player for the 1970s latin -- funk group war , and before that the creators .
14	it features cameo appearances by saadiq , who appears at the beginning playing the bass , and cohen , who is shown at the end doing a mural of stone 's face ( reminiscent of her face on the cover of 2004 's mind body & soul ) .
58	he appeared at an apollo records recording session in hollywood , california , on august 2 , 1945 , with illinois jacquet ( trumpet ) , john brown , ( alto saxophone ) , arthur dennis ( baritone saxophone ) , bill doggett ( piano ) , ulysses livingston ( guitar ) , and charles ‘charlie’ mingus ( bass ) .
14	on april 13 , 2009 , the band announced that aj drums and eric bass would be leaving the band in order to spend more time with their families and other responsibilities .
3	he switched to bass in 1932 , remaining with lunceford 's orchestra until 1942 .
19	1 , track 2 : idrees sulieman quartet idrees sulieman - trumpet bud powell - piano jimmy woode - bass joe harris - drums vol .
53	types of operatic aria became known by a variety of terms according to their character -- e.g. aria parlante ( ` speaking-style ' , narrative in nature ) , aria di bravura ( typically given to a heroine ) , aria buffa ( aria of a comic type , typically given to a bass or bass-baritone ) , and so on .
20	the band consists of mark baker ( vocals ) , paolo di liberto ( synths ) , gareth milburn ( bass , synths ) and lee smith ( guitar , backing vocals ) .
30	mario petri on stage ( 1955 ) mario petri ( january 21 , 1922 , perugia - january 26 , 1985 , città della pieve ) was an italian operatic bass particularly associated with mozart and rossini roles .
16	he wrote nearly twenty music method books for various instruments -- the violin , cello , bass , flute , recorder , bassoon , harpsichord , harp , mandolin , voice and more -- with titles such as l'art de se perfectionner sur le violon ( the art of playing the violin perfectly ) , le parfait maître à chanter ( the perfect mastersinger ) and l ′ école d ′ orphée ( the school of orpheus ) , a violin treatise describing the french and italian styles .
12	prior to the name change the band consisted of zach mayberry on bass , jered mark annis on lead guitar , niki skistimas on drums , and ralf dietel on lead vocals .
47	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for an unusual combination of instruments -- four oboes ( two oboes d'amore , two oboes da caccia ) and a violoncello piccolo -- in addition to four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir only in the closing chorale , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
59	'' track listing ; side one ; side two personnel the doobie brothers tom johnston -- guitar , lead vocals on '' turn it loose '' and vocal on '' wheels of fortune '' patrick simmons -- guitar , vocals jeff '' skunk '' baxter -- guitar , steel guitar michael mcdonald -- keyboards , vocals tiran porter -- bass , vocals , lead vocal on '' for someone special '' john hartman -- drums keith knudsen -- drums , vocals johnston rejoined the band late in the sessions and thus does not appear on most of the album .
21	track 3 ; solos on 1 , 6 ) , ukulele ( 1 , 11 , 12 ) david piltch -- bass jay bellerose -- drums ( exc .
3	curly russell -- bass max roach -- drums august 9 , 1949 , wor studios , new york .
19	scoring and structure the cantata in eight movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir only for the closing chorale , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
28	impresario ( narrator , spoken role ) arlecchino ( tenor ) , brighella ( baritone ) , dottor balanzon ( baritone ) capitan spaventa di valle inferna ( bass ) pantalone ( baritone ) tartaglia ( tenor ) pulcinella ( tenor ) orfeo ( tenor ) synopsis an impresario presents a performance of his commedia dell ` arte troupe .
18	jakob stämpfli ( 26 october 1934 in bern -- 28 september 2014 in thun ) was a swiss bass concert singer and an influential academic teacher and director of the conservatory in bern , also a teacher in saarbrücken .
10	cavallo plays multiple instruments and has professional credits for his bass , keyboard , organ , piano , guitar and percussion work .
24	william herbert '' lum '' york , ( november 16 , 1918 august 15 , 2004 ) was a musician best known as the bass player in hank williams drifting cowboys from 1944 1949 .
13	the following track , '' enjoy '' , is composed by piano and bass .
4	his voice type is bass .
14	track listing personnel keith morris - vocals greg hetson - guitar zander schloss - bass keith clark - drums karat faye - producer , engineer eddy schreyer - mastering edward j. repka - design mark weinberg - art direction gary leonard - photography miscellanea track 9 , '' fortunate son '' , is a creedence clearwater revival cover .