74	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , dry savanna , moist savanna , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland , river , intermittent rivers , swamp , freshwater lake , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , arable land , pastureland , rural gardens , urban area , heavily degraded former forests , water storage areas , pond , open excavations , and canal and ditches .
8	its natural habitat are temperate forest , freshwater spring , arable land , irrigated land , and canal and ditches .
29	today , many clothes-pegs ( also clothespins ) are manufactured very cheaply by creating two interlocking plastic or wooden prongs , in between which is often wedged a small spring .
26	its first mile remains relatively level as it follows the brook on that side closely , passing the lean-to site on that side and a developed spring .
22	the castle dome trail is a strenuous hiking trail into the crags proper and passes near indian springs , a natural hillside spring with views of the crags .
10	the site was more suitable because it featured a natural spring , there was a sufficient different in elevation to enable the use of gravity in the brewing process without the need for a large tower .
26	he was slain by yvain for attacking the latter 's cousin , sir calogrenant , in defense of the magic fountain ( or well , or spring ) .
19	as the name implies it was extremely uncomfortable , but the discomfort was somewhat ameliorated by a long flat spring that supported the saddle and absorbed many of the shocks from rough road surfaces .
1	a spring rising in the cave is recorded in the 13th century '' annals of waverley abbey '' as '' ludewell '' ; other spellings through history include '' ludwell '' and '' luddwelle '' .
19	glenn springs is an unincorporated community in spartanburg county , south carolina , united states , located at a spring .
3	its river and spring habitat ecosystems are relatively intact and support a highly endemic fish fauna .
23	one of dick 's patients was a run away drug addict by the name of amy sinclair , who gave birth in the spring of 1959 to a daughter she named nora .
18	generally , the mass convention assembly of a large number of related family members is organized during the spring season for a period of 2 to 3 days .
10	april ( ) is commonly associated with the season of spring in parts of the northern hemisphere and autumn in parts of the southern hemisphere , where it is the seasonal equivalent to october in the northern hemisphere and vice versa .
15	facts and procedural history samuel barnes designed '' corset - steels '' , which were spring to hold a corset together .
5	each occurred in a different spring in the pahrump valley .
6	vanished villages unearthed right near a spring , roughly 750 m east of the ortsteil of herschweiler and under a tailing heap formerly used by the hard-stone quarry , were a villa rustica 's foundations , in work done by wilhelm jordan between 1958 and 1961 for the speyer archaeological monument care ( archäologische denkmalpﬂege speyer ) .
8	its natural habitat consists of river and freshwater spring , which are threatened by habitat loss .
22	the town is locally well known for the caledon spa and casino and for its rolling hills and yellow canola fields in spring .
21	in cultivation of vegetable in a british-type climate , the hungry gap is the gardeners ' name for the period in spring when there is little or no fresh produce available from a vegetable garden or allotment .
28	these are grown in green houses which make use of local renewable energy in the form of hot water generated from nearby geothermal sources in the form of spring and geysers .
2	in the spring , species such as european wood anemone , common wood sorrel and false lily of the valley are blooming .
9	reproduction and development house centipedes lay their eggs in spring .
17	its natural habitat are temperate grassland , river , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , and arable land .
39	a panhandle hook ( also called panhandle hooker or texas hooker ) is a relatively infrequent winter storm system whose cyclogenesis occurs in the south to southwestern united states from the late fall through winter and into the early spring months .
19	environment microdochium nivale becomes problematic when turf experiences lengthy periods of cool , wet weather typical of fall or spring and into early summer in the northern hemisphere .
11	the climate is wet and rainy from late autumn to early spring , and hot and dry in the summer .
17	plum orchid chrysanthemum bamboo the other four flower tiles ( or season tiles ) represent seasons : spring , summer , autumn , and winter .
6	the resultant compression of the internal spring creates the desired resistance ; the bullworker returns to its original position when pressure is released .
22	it may ultimately be derived from celtic \* alika ' wild service tree ' or from some other pre-romance root meaning ' spring ' .
42	jufer and luginbühl link ancamna with two other consorts of the gaulish mars , litavis and nemetona , noting that none of these appear to be warrior goddesses themselves ; instead , they suggest that ancamna might have been associated with a spring .
39	the text of herodotus the eupalinian aqueduct or ditch , is cited by herodotus ( histories 3.60 ) , without whom it would not have been discovered : description inside the aqueduct the tunnel took water from an inland spring , which was roofed over and thus concealed from enemies .
7	in a real spring–mass system , the spring has a non-negligible mass .
6	orangeville rise is the second largest spring in the u.s. state of indiana , in orange county near orangeville .
3	the season of spring was the overall concept for this release , and the ep 's photos featured the band members in white dresses , with a field of flowers in the background .
36	a system of irrigation ditches known locally as kelliyo fed directly from the shebelle and jubba river into the plantations where sorghum , maize , beans , grain and cotton were grown during the gu ( spring in somali ) and xagaa ( summer in somali ) seasons of the somali calendar .
0	spring and field drainage in the peover area join to make a brook called peover eye , which runs away north-northwest and runs into the wincham brook a bit northeast of lostock gralam .
23	in a. alnifolia , they are about across , and appear on short raceme of three to 20 somewhat crowded together , in spring while the new leaves are still expanding .
4	the source or the spring ) singles 2002 -- '' global fussball ok !
3	the damper and spring rates were also different from the ur-q .
29	drainage in the 19th century tank stream , a historical drain in the city of sydney from the 1881 household cyclopedia : this operation is always best performed in spring or summer , when the ground is dry .
17	aboriginal tribes developed rituals around sugar-making , celebrating the sugar moon ( the first full moon of spring ) with a maple dance .
22	nemausus , for example , was not only the gallic name for the town of nîmes but also that of its presiding spring - god .
23	that article and subsequent follow-ups started a similar egg-balancing craze in the united states , but transposed to the vernal equinox beginning western spring on march 20 or 21 when the sun is at the celestial longitude of 0 ° .
10	they are at their most tender and juicy in the spring .
11	natural examples geographical features an ephemeral waterbody is a wetland , spring , stream , river , pond or lake that only exists for a short period following precipitation or snowmelt .
23	its natural habitat are subarctic forest , temperate forests , temperate shrubland , swamp , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , arable land , rural gardens , urban area , pond , and irrigated land .
20	only a few small tributary bring water to the lake most of the water comes from a 5 m deep spring which is located at the nearrowest part of the lake .
8	while february 1 was the first day of spring , may 1 was the first day of summer ; hence , the summer solstice on june 25 ( now june 21 ) was midsummer .
18	however , on december 29 , it was announced that the roof would not be repaired until the spring of 2011 .
37	according to a letter written in 1946 by the horse heaven postmaster , frank e. lewis , the name for the settlement stemmed from herds of horses that thrived on the local grasses and drank from unfenced spring .
7	in october 2011 ( i.e. in the spring ) , two people were killed and nearly 200 were injured after a tornado formed .
1	the spring in hot creek all emerge along a stream section between two faults and discharge a total of about 8.5 cubic feet per second ( about 240 liters per second ) of hot water .
10	it reached # 8 in the uk singles chart in spring 1977 .
7	course blue jay creek begins at a spring , about east of the community of sandfield on lake manitou in central manitoulin township , and at an elevation of .
53	grass tetany or hypomagnesemic tetany , also known as grass staggers and winter tetany , is a metabolic disease involving magnesium deficiency , which can occur in such ruminant livestock as beef cattle , dairy cattle and sheep , usually after grazing on lush pastures of rapidly growing grass , especially in early spring .
6	distinctive lance-shaped seedheads appear in late spring and summer .
8	this he named izumiya , literally meaning '' spring shop '' .
5	every mountain , river , spring , marsh , tree and rocky outcrop was inspirited .
5	this allows objects made of spring steel to return to their original shape despite significant bending or twisting .
2	in the spring of 2007 he earned his debut , and quickly became a starter ; he has scored 2 goals in 8 matches , and made a some god of assists .
18	a field during summer in belgium summer is the warmest of the four temperate season , falling between spring and autumn .
5	they bloom from winter to spring .
3	from winter to spring , it bears peppery-smelling flower with 5 oval petal opening white , then turning pale pink , usually with an irregular crimson-magenta mark at the base .
6	the external source can be a spring , a raised weight , or a compressed gas .
7	the glacier is named after the karst spring of kleptuza in southern bulgaria .
39	henery lures the dawg out of his house by drawing a doorbell and presses it and plays a piano while the dawg dances to the music and the dawg gets whacked and trips over a banana peel and a spring while walking clumsily and landing on a rollerskate .
9	the escapement is driven by force from a coiled spring or a suspended weight , transmitted through the timepiece 's gear train .
22	it is the second of the band 's vivaldi project , a planned series of four albums representing the four season -- spring , summer , autumn and winter respectively .
22	a convenient , level spot was chosen near the intended building site and close to a suitable water supply ( usually a spring or creek ) .
2	a freshwater spring was found on the tributary in the area , which caused henry flagler to build the private miami water company ( where a miami-dade water and sewer treatment plant is currently located ) there in 1899 .
2	fresh water spring are present approximately 2km north of berau , with minor reservoirs around macadade and the eastern slopes of mount manucoco .
10	24-hour festival bnt also sponsors a 24-hour theater festival every spring .
7	the plant germinates in winter or early spring .
26	the moonlight murders , a term created by the news media , refer to the true unsolved violent crimes committed in and around texarkana in the spring of 1946 by an unidentified serial killer known as the phantom killer or phantom slayer .
5	it was released in late spring of 2003 after the success of '' i 'm with you '' .
29	huge piles , or ` tips ' , of loose rock and mining spoil had been built up over a layer of highly porous sandstone that contained numerous underground spring , and several tips had been built up directly over these springs .
21	'' it was suleiman who named her gülbahar ( ) , with gül meaning ' rose ' and bahar meaning ' spring ' in turkish and persian .
7	lourdes water lourdes water flows from a spring at the same spot where it was discovered by bernadette .
7	it can also be found in some spring waters and hot springs .
19	its name derives from the hometown of the first colonial settlers , sharon , connecticut , and the important spring in the village .
3	bayonet with circular spring ( '' circlip beater '' ) .
17	generally , a mass assembly of large a number of related family members is organized during the spring for a period of 2 to 3 days .
15	other stories say the lizard eats a legendary plant , or drinks from a healing spring which neutralises the poison .
13	a major feature of the landscape park are the fontaines bleues , natural spring whose waters are an unusual brilliant hue of blue .
9	19th century pioneer travelers on the mojave road found spring and stream in the mountains and '' thanked divine providence , '' resulting in the range receiving the present name .
10	top mounted heave compensator drill string compensators are just giant spring between the drill bit and rig .
12	the name means '' warm water '' and refers to the warm spring located in the foothills .
3	an ideal hookean spring , for example , would display a straight diagonal force curve .
20	the oak is one of the strongest and longest-lived , and other , lesser plants nearby must wait until the spring to flourish before the light above is extinguished by leaves .
16	the kimberley diamond cup is a skateboarding event held at the beginning of each southern hemisphere spring in kimberley , northern cape , south africa .
28	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical dry forest , dry savanna , subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland , river , swamp , intermittent freshwater marsh , freshwater spring , and heavily degraded former forests .
9	the operator may or may not include a return spring to close the door in case of power failure while the door is open .
5	distribution these snails live in spring .
2	a good spring can be found about a quarter-mile from the hollow ( headed up the mountain ) , and the 3,855-foot ( 1,175 m ) summit itself is just off-trail later .
1	in spring 2007 , construction will begin on the social sciences building on the northeast side of campus .
4	christmas lake is a spring - fed lake covering approximately in the western minneapolis suburbs of shorewood and chanhassen .
18	streams kyll fischbach schlemmbach mineral springs lindenquelle adonis quelle the adonis quelle -- quelle is german for '' spring '' -- lies in the middle of the village , but has been closed since november 2003 owing to contamination .
12	geography physical source the source of the eurotas river is a surface spring called piges evrota ( πηγές ευρώτα , '' eurotas springs '' ) located near the village of skortsinos , arcadia , by the side of the road ascending from kyparissi .
5	big butte springs are natural spring located near the south fork of big butte creek in jackson county , oregon , about north of medford .
1	in spring 1960 , mike proposed marriage to robin and they got engaged .
2	during the spring , the shrub 's fragrant yellow blossoms that appear are usually around 2 cm ( 0.8 in ) in diameter .
8	the cantata relates to the customs around welcoming spring , and the cleansing of springs of detritus at the end of winter .
20	characterized by hot and dry summers , and mild to cool winters where most of the precipitation is concentrated ( spring and autumn being pleasantly warm transitional seasons ) .
3	the source the spring of scarrow beck is in a small area of marsh ground in fields south of aylmerton parish church close to church lane .
8	while severe thunderstorms are most common in the spring and summer , they can occur at just about any time of the year .
7	as word of the county 's warm spring spread eastward , thomas fairfax , 6th lord fairfax of cameron decided that the county needed to be surveyed .
41	a pad with many small closed cells may also be referred to as a foam , but typically only a single large closed cell is used , as the cell can expand sideways and so provides characteristics more like a long spring .
7	an example is the action of a spring .
7	the arms are derived from a roman spring sanctum from the 2nd century unearthed high in the woods .
8	the dry line is most common in the spring .
52	'' blue , the color of sapphire , deep water , skies , loyalty and melancholy '' gently flowing : slow , with chords used to depict the lapping of water against a moored boat or a pier '' green , the color of emerald , hope , youth , joy , spring and victory '' moderato : a double fugue ( which has been described as '' schoenbergian '' ) on violas , strings , clarinets and woodwinds , leading to a triumphant climax revision in 1932 , bliss revised the coda of the first two movements .
39	the months of april and may , the hot and dry months when schools are on their long , between-years break , is referred to as summer while in most of the northern hemisphere those months are part of spring .
21	dock leveler - a height-adjustable platform used as a bridge between dock and truck , can be operated via mechanical ( spring ) , hydraulic , or air powered systems .
27	according to her dictionary of american naval fighting ships entry , waubansee was being prepared for reactivation at the time of the entry 's publication in the spring of 1979 , but there are no available records that confirm a reactivation .
1	a spring fastened to the bottom of the wood .
32	its natural habitat are moist savanna , subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , and pastureland .
19	this salamander 's natural habitat are the temperate mojave desert into great basin sagebrush shrubland ecotone , and freshwater spring riparian areas there , at elevations of .
30	the transhumance form of herding in the sierra nevada of california still continues , as cattle , sheep or goats are moved from winter pasture in lower elevation valleys to spring and summer pasture in the foothills and alpine regions , as the seasons progress .
16	transport operations to okinawa , intermingled with type and refresher training exercises , continued through the spring of 1967 .
7	on the village green is a powerful spring and well dedicated to john the baptist which was traditionally the venue for a local '' pattern '' ( religious fair ) of note , while the moat north of the village was the site of st john 's eve bonfire .
45	there are additives , such as stp ( r ) oil treatment , and some racing oils such as purol , brad penn and valvoline vr-1 , which are available in the retail market with the necessary amount of zddp for engines using increased valve spring pressures .
7	course shire brook rises as an underground spring at a height of 192 metres above sea level beneath the red lion public house in the gleadless townend residential area at .
26	climate located above sea level in south-eastern province of syracuse , straddling the mediterranean sea and the ionian , has a mild climate from autumn to spring , a clear sky always throughout the year .
10	the river is fed by a number of sources including spring from biggin moor , great hormead brook , little hormead brook and various field ditches , including the braughing bourne - the site of a former glacier from the ice age .
5	it is usually in the spring .
8	in west bengal , it is associated with spring , especially through the poems and songs of nobel laureate rabindranath tagore , who likened its bright orange flame-like flower to fire .
19	recreation lycoming creek is a popular site for trout fishing and is usually heavily stocked with fish in the spring , especially in its upper reaches in lycoming county .
7	painted caves , a cave with a spring in val verde county , texas , 20 kilometers southeast of comstock , texas .
29	its natural habitat are temperate forest , river , intermittent rivers , swamp , freshwater lake , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , pond , and open excavations .
19	the clay and sand intersection on the swan coastal plain , near the darling scarp , also produces permanent spring , giving rise to peat and sand mounds containing plant and invertebrate assemblages .
5	its natural habitat are freshwater spring , inland karst , and cave .
15	the annual cart festival for the village deity honnadevi takes place every year during the spring .
16	the world league of american football was founded in 1991 to serve as a type of spring league .
9	wich and wych are names used to denote brine spring or well .
5	because of a small natural spring underneath the school , the land served as a hay field .
12	in temperate and subpolar regions , generally four seasons are recognized : spring , summer , autumn and winter , astronomically marked by the sun reaching the points of equinox and solstice , although the climatic seasons lag behind their astronomical markers .
23	the sense circuitry then removes power from the solenoid ( 5 ) and the contacts ( 4 ) are forced apart by a spring , cutting off the electricity supply to the appliance .
12	bonchurch high street has an adjacent landscaped pond , fed by a spring , on the site of former withy beds .
1	its spring is a little north of the north norfolk village of roughton .
14	riparian-zone restoration is the ecological restoration of riparian-zone habitat of streams , rivers , spring , lakes , floodplain , and other hydrologic ecologies .
4	it rises from a spring in the chalk of the chiltern hills at dagnall , buckinghamshire and flows through hemel hempstead , kings langley and croxley green to rickmansworth where it joins the the river colne .
77	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical dry forest , subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests , subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , dry savanna , moist savanna , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland , river , swamp , freshwater lake , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , arable land , pastureland , rural gardens , urban area , heavily degraded former forests , water storage areas , pond , irrigated land , seasonally flooded agricultural land , and canal and ditches .
34	natural and human history a yellow cup ( camissonia brevipes ) at the mouth of titus canyon timbisha native americans carved petroglyph on some of the rock faces of titus canyon , especially at spring and other locations of interest .
14	despite the name , cuddie springs is an ephemeral lake , and not a spring .
9	cheese rolling double gloucester cheese is also used every spring for the cooper 's hill cheese-rolling and wake , a sport considered to be dangerous due to the lengthy , steep gloucestershire hillside ( 50 % downhill gradient at over 200 yards ) in which the event takes place .
24	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , river , intermittent rivers , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , and heavily degraded former forest .
7	the source of the river is a spring at up sydling .
11	it was shown in cinemas across the united kingdom in the spring of 2008 as part of , a touring season of the watershed media centre , and was released on dvd-video in north america on 22 april 2008 .
2	it 's spring is in the north norfolk village of aylmerton west of the main street .
10	mirabilis coccinea , the scarlet four o'clock , is a spring wildflower native to the southwestern united states and northwestern mexico .
4	flowers opening in the spring before the leaves have formed , funnel-shaped up to 50 mm long , bright red to orange with a darker splotch on the upper lobe .
24	vane meter sensor ( vaf sensor ) the vaf ( volume air flow ) sensor measures the air flow into the engine with a spring - loaded air flap/door attached to a variable resistor ( potentiometer ) .
22	it has been passed down in the local lore that the village once lay at the foot of the gauchsberg at a spring ( or perhaps a well ) .
22	flower are pink and bloom in tight clusters at the top of leafless , fleshy stems above the leaves from mid - spring to autumn .
34	it is considered to be closer to wild cabbage than most other domesticated forms , and is grown primarily in northern europe , where its tolerance of cold winter is valued for an early spring supply of edible leaves .
5	it is driven by a spring ( called a mainspring ) which must be wound periodically .
25	the water equivalent of snowfall is measured to monitor how much liquid is available to flood river from meltwater that will occur during the following spring .
7	it is preceded by vasant , the spring season , and followed by varsha , the rainy season .
14	climate the climate of the city is predominantly dry in winter , autumn and spring due to the low atmospheric moisture and an effective precipitation corresponding to that of a semiarid climate .
21	the time delay of a no. 9 is determined solely by the thickness of the notch in the wire , the spring tension , and the temperature .
8	the iron-rich waters of chalice well , a spring at the base of the tor , flow out as an artesian well impregnating the sandstone around it with iron oxide that have reinforced it to produce the caprock .
11	the park is renowned for its chalybeate ( iron bearing ) spring , which is now named st. ann 's well .
13	the united states army air forces experimented with downward-ejecting systems operated by a spring , but it was the work of sir james martin and his company martin-baker that was to prove crucial .
10	renovation the renovation project was a challenging one ; the spring and watercourses that provided the water used in the brewing process had to be diverted without damaging the unique ecosystem that is a recognized site of special scientific interest .
16	it is responsible for california 's typically dry summer and fall and typically wet winter and spring , as well as hawaii 's year-round trade winds .
22	any strain ( deformation ) of a solid material generates an internal elastic stress , analogous to the reaction force of a spring , that tends to restore the material to its original non-deformed state .
19	the two main categories of protection are passive , with no moving parts , and active , which use spring to keep the gear fixed in place .
25	these '' warm-weather designs ( ... ) arrive in the shops in the us in november '' , after the autumn/winter collections and before the spring / summer collections , or generally between november/december and february in the northern hemisphere .
4	the village has a spring which is intermittent .
8	the name is thought to mean '' gift spring '' .
13	in 1907 , the ﬁrst watermain was laid , bringing water from a spring at the trautmannsberg .
16	the gustloff volkssturmgewehr is constructed rather like many semi-automatic pistol , it has a casing and spring around the barrel ; the whole casing recoils backward .
3	the main permanent spring , sar cheshmeh make the region fertile for agriculture and gardening .
24	wattle day is a national day of celebration in australia on the first day of september , that is also the first day of spring in the southern hemisphere .
27	all the shutters are joined together by a shutter bar , and the force required for the wind to open the shutters is adjusted by a separate spring on each sail .
20	history the name of the island was possibly derived from prvin , the name of the pre-christian croatian god of spring .
4	series elastic actuators a spring can be designed as part of the motor actuator , to allow improved force control .
15	to celebrate its international characteristics , iuj hosts an '' international festival '' during the spring term at which students showcase their respective cultures and cuisine for the local community .
34	white george on the coat of arms of georgia in the fully developed western version , which developed as part of the golden legend , a dragon or crocodile makes its nest at the spring that provides water for the city of '' silene '' ( perhaps modern cyrene in libya or the city of lydda in the holy land , depending on the source ) .
6	history soda springs , a natural spring , has long seen human activity .
49	habitat the cape river frog occurs in a wide range of temperate to tropical habitat wherever fresh water is at least sufficient seasonally for breeding , including arable land , pastureland , savanna , shrubland , fynbos , grassland , river , swamp , freshwater lake , marsh and spring , water storage areas , pond , dams , and wastewater treatment areas .
9	at the heart of the site is a hydrostatic spring that is fed by an aquifer in the underlying magnesian limestone and around which have developed soligenous mire , tall fen and marsh grassland .
15	tornadoes , caused by the convergence of westerly and southerly prevailing winds during the late spring , are common , making the region part of tornado alley .
16	the leechwell , showing its position in leechwell lane the leechwell is a set of three spring in totnes , devon , england .
77	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical dry forests , subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests , dry savanna , moist savanna , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , temperate grassland , subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , rivers , intermittent rivers , shrub-dominated wetland , swamp , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , pastureland , rural gardens , urban areas , heavily degraded former forest , ponds , seasonally flooded agricultural land , and canal and ditches .
10	because metal frames are more rigid , some models have spring loaded hinges to help them grip the wearer 's face better .
32	additionally , the stiffness ( i.e. total moment divided by sway angle ) was found to be very close to 1 , indicating a resemblance between the ankle joint and a perfect spring .
20	sims are able to build snowmen during the winter , rake fallen leaves in autumn , jump in puddle during spring and occasionally experience heat stroke in summer .
18	their needles gives them more surface area for droplet to adhere to , and they have foliage in spring and fall , therefore interception also depends on the type of vegetation in a wooded area .
8	the condition is most often manifested in the spring .
50	a cruise collection or resort collection , sometimes also referred to as holiday or travel collection ( collection croisière , in french ) , is an inter-season or pre-season line of ready-to-wear clothing produced by a fashion house or fashion brand in addition to the recurrent twice-yearly seasonal collections - spring / summer and autumn ( or fall ) / winter - heralded at the fashion shows in new york , london , paris and milan .
34	a man taking water with white porcelain cup , skalní pramen , karlovy vary spa cup is a special kind of porcelain , which is used to drink mineral or thermal water directly from spring .
19	design and use an ear being pierced with a piercing gun traditional model the most common design uses a spring that stores potential energy when part of the ear piercing instrument is pulled back .
19	its natural habitat are moist savanna , river , swamp , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , rural gardens , heavily degraded former forest , and pond .
12	in jebel awq , oman it occurs as precipitates from an alkaline spring emanating from ultramafic bedrock .
23	radium springs is best known as the location of one of the '' seven natural wonders of georgia '' : the largest natural spring in the state .
31	as for the ahlenbornerhof , the ending -- hof means '' farm '' or '' estate '' , and the syllables to which that is sufﬁxed apparently refer to an old spring , for the homestead once lay near one ( this would be bei einem alten brunnen in modern high german ) .
6	a cienega or cienaga is a spring that is usually wet , marshy area at the foot of a mountain , in a canyon , or on the edge of a grassland where groundwater bubbles to the surface .
23	it is characterised by nutrient-poor sandy soils , frequent wildfire , a very high level of endemism , spectacular displays of wildflower in spring , and a mediterranean climate with winter rainfall and hot , dry summers .
21	cadiz springs state recreation area is a state park unit of wisconsin , united states , featuring two reservoir on a spring - fed creek .
18	spawning almost always occurs in the natal river , generally over a hard bottom just downstream of a spring on the river bottom feeding groundwater into the river .
21	her head rolled down the hill and hit a stone ; as in the story of saint winefride , a healing spring burst from that spot .
5	it flowers mainly in early spring , producing white , mauve and blue flowers about 9 cm wide .
10	this little fountain is fed by a sulphur - bearing spring whose water was long used for healing purposes .
6	ponce de leon springs were natural spring located on the site of the future ponce city market ( formerly the sears building , then city hall east ) in atlanta , where ponce de leon avenue crosses the beltline , and where the old fourth ward , virginia highland , midtown and poncey-highland neighborhoods of atlanta meet .
18	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , river , intermittent freshwater marsh , freshwater spring , rural gardens , heavily degraded former forest , pond , and canal and ditches .
77	a certain amount of over-travel is required after the first probe makes contact with the wafer , for two reasons : to guarantee that all probes have made contact ( to account for non-planarity of the wafer ) to break through the thin oxidized layer ( if the metal pad is aluminum ) on the pad there are numerous types of mechanical probes available commercially : their shape can be in the form of a cantilever , spring , or membrane , and they can be bent into shape , stamped , or made by microelectromechanical systems processing .
10	the festivals of ayyanars are celebrated in sacred groves during spring season by all the related clan .
20	its natural habitat are temperate forest , temperate shrubland , swamp , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , irrigated land , and canal and ditches .
10	march : this month is synonymous with the onset of spring ( in the northern hemisphere ) .
13	from there it is another to the summit , past the lean-to and spring .
28	its natural habitat are dry savanna , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland , intermittent river , intermittent freshwater marsh , freshwater spring , hot desert , and arable land .
3	the estate 's spring - fed wooden water tank is also nearby .
16	the ottawa international writers festival is a literary festival which takes place twice annually , in spring and fall , in ottawa , ontario , canada .
18	tree growth rings are a result of winter rest , as there is rapid growth in the warmer spring , then slower growth later in the year .
2	a metal spring fixed around the edge of the rim rolls inward to fit inside the glass .
11	his role is to predict whether there will be an early spring .
12	the key to its design was the use of a constant velocity spring to store the potential energy which are no longer in use .
25	the water is the area is classified as hard , owing to the large amount of limestone in the area , and derives from a spring / borehole source .
35	in its northern part , which averages around 250m above sea level , the landscape is marked by several river valleys , as the weiße elster , the zwickauer mulde and the göltzsch have their spring in the vogtland , while the saale flows through bavaria and thuringia in the west of vogtland .
25	these thunderstorms can be a result from tropical wave , tropical cyclone , and frontal boundaries which become stationary across the region between fall and spring .
7	generally , motion compensators are implemented as spring .
25	a story from his childhood reports that he once observed a badger enter an underground cave ; nehmé dug at that spot and unearthed a spring , which is known today as '' badger 's fountain '' .
72	other latex metal wood plant pollen ( hay fever ) grass -- ryegrass , timothy-grass weed -- ragweed , plantago , nettle , artemisia vulgaris , chenopodium album , sorrel tree -- birch , alder , hazel , hornbeam , aesculus , willow , poplar , platanus , tilia , olea , ashe juniper , alstonia scholaris seasonal allergies seasonal allergy symptoms are commonly experienced part of the year , usually during spring , summer or fall when certain trees or grasses pollinate .
10	healthy venus flytraps will produce scapes of white flowers in spring ; however , many growers remove the flowering stem early ( 2 -- 3 inches ) , as flowering consumes some of the plant 's energy , and reduces the rate of trap production .
6	howard springs , was a historical spring , located in the stream channel of howard draw at an elevation of 2031 feet , just north of the mouth of government canyon at its confluence with howard draw in what is now crockett county , texas .
42	general j. e. b. stuart , namesake of stuart , virginia world war i to world war ii ( 1917-1945 ) before 1915 , no public water or sewer system was available , and water came from private well or from nearby spring .
21	whether he is in dooroy or in boda-ngal , the mbaroodi dooroy can never live anywhere but in a well or spring .
61	wherever a burst of water appears in any particular spot , the sure and certain way of getting quit of such an evil is to dig hollow drains to such a depth below the surface as is required by the fall or level that can be gained , and by the quantity of water expected to proceed from the burst or spring .
10	the biggest volume of discharge in slovak rivers is during spring , when the snow is melting from the mountains .
5	san felipe springs is a spring in val verde county , texas .
35	shafer has theorized that frightful cave may have been part of a seasonal round made by these hunter-gatherer groups , which , along with other cave in the area , would have been inhabited from spring through early summer , '' when foods such as flowers , bulbs , fruits and plums were available .
2	throughout the spring of 1778 , white was engaged in attacking british army detachments .
26	description bisexual flower with pink , purple , blue , or white sepal and three green bract appear singly on hairy stem from late winter to spring .
6	the location is an origin of spring and a path of vavali river and the festival is in rainy season .
10	foghorn falls to the earth , landing on a bed spring .
2	inconel x750 spring gaskets gaskets are the mechanical seals , or packings , used to prevent the leakage of a gas or fluids from valves .
42	at a cost of # 6,000 , it was an irregular oval shape with a 100 yards ( 91 metres ) straight section for racing ; a paved surround and changing rooms were built and the pool was fed by an underground spring .
10	overview the united states drought of 1983 started in late spring .
9	a mechanical component analogous to an inductor is a spring .
9	anciently the village was the location of a medicinal spring of great repute , though its exact location is unknown .
24	in hebrew , the name maya ( מַיָּה / מאיה in hebrew ) is a short form of '' ma'ayan , '' meaning '' spring '' or '' brook .
9	the magellanic woodpecker breeds in the southern hemisphere 's spring , from october to january .
23	history pre-dissolution according to a local publication wanborough and its church , early man traveled along the hog 's back , found the spring in the village and had settled there by 8000 bc .
6	ein lavan ( ) is a spring located in outskirts of jerusalem , near jerusalem biblical zoo and lays in judean hills .
20	the bridges were disassembled in the autumn , to accommodate for ice and floods , and then reassembled in the spring .
33	in archery , the bulk of elastic energy is stored in the throwing device , rather than the projectile ; arrow shafts can therefore be much smaller , and have looser tolerance for spring constant and weight distribution than atlatl darts .
13	its natural habitat are temperate forest , river , intermittent rivers , freshwater spring , and rocky areas .
24	when the doorbell button is pressed , the first solenoid 's plunger strikes one bar , and when the button is released , a spring on the plunger pushes the plunger up , causing it to strike the other bar , creating a two-tone sound ( '' ding-dong '' ) .
8	it can also be found in europe during spring , summer , and autumn .
10	the term is derived from the arabic word for '' spring '' , which is used in the indian subcontinent .
36	history early settlement an 1875 map of the area constituting the former village of rosendale the earliest recorded human habitation in rosendale was a native american village , which included a cemetery , centered around a spring that no longer exists .
6	western campaign , 1940 in the spring of 1940 , walter horten , jagdgeschwader 26 technical officer , was invited to participate in a '' mock combat '' with a bf 109e .
27	underpasses and bridges are used to facilitate many ( not all ) of the major road crossings ( the underpasses are highly prone to flooding during the spring ) .
12	tipularia discolor grows a single leaf in september that disappears in the spring .
11	broadcasting strictly dance fever was normally broadcast during bbc one 's spring schedule .
10	iqbal opens the poem by welcoming bahaar the season of spring .
4	water eye but also spring ) commemorating three of sisters who were killed in the struggle against dictatorship .
13	some round nose pliers have insulated handles for safe electrical work , a spring - fitted joint and comfortable grips on the handles .
20	the first song she ever recorded was the bosnian sevdalinka '' nad izvorom vrba se nadvila '' ( over the spring , the willow tree hung ) , although it was n't officially released until her 1968 album otiš ' o si bez pozdrava ( you left without saying goodbye ) , three years after her first album was released .
1	amguel spring ) is a town and commune in tamanrasset district , tamanrasset province , algeria .
12	although coca-cola never implied that the water was being sourced from a spring or other natural source , they marketed it as being especially '' pure '' .
55	ickwell may day villagers & morris-men dancing beside the maypole on ickwell green , soon after dawn on 1 may 2005 the ickwell may day festival , first documented in the churchwarden ' accounts of c. 1565 but perhaps originating in the pre-christian beltane , takes place on ickwell green and celebrates the arrival of spring on may morning , or 1 may .
19	points lifespan became a factor of rubbing block ( cam follower ) wear and the life cycle of the spring with some lasting almost 100,000 miles .
0	spring , 1998 an unscom inspection team discovers a dump full of destroyed iraqi missiles .
43	folk traditions while the european folk traditions connected with saint valentine and st. valentine 's day have become marginalized by the modern anglo-american customs connecting the day with romantic love , there are some remaining associations connecting the saint with the advent of spring .
5	it was described from a spring at 9 payton place , devonport , tasmania in 1980 , making it '' the first spring-dwelling syncarid recorded from the australian region '' .
2	geography the spring are in the rain shadow desert foothills of the san bernardino mountains on the deep creek fork of the mojave river .
2	in the spring of 2013 , however , plans were put forth to turn the disibodenberg chapel into a brewpub .
13	the don january golf classic is a golf tournament played annually in the spring that was established to honor him in 1980 by his alma mater , now known as the university of north texas .
9	in the northern hemisphere , the meteorological beginning of spring occurs on the first day of march .
29	governor general william henry harrison ordered a fort built as well as a number of other defensive structures including a large stockade , garrison , blockhouses , and a spring .
3	other tasks included spring manufacture , construction of stainless steel footwarmers , and assembly of pantographs for electric trains , with a staff of 720 employed during 1966 .
2	ln the spring he began the campaign with the capture of charlemont , but no advance southward was made until the arrival of william .
18	'' the sprightly , reggae - inflected song reached number 8 on the uk singles chart in the spring of 1977 .
12	presumably the hotel was named for its lithia water ( lithium ) spring , as was the town of lithia springs , georgia .
15	foxfield holds two races each year , one in the fall and another in the spring .
19	kwedi was also playing for croatian lower-league clubs nk zelina and nk dugo selo before joining nk radnik in spring 2011 .
20	january 15 , 2005 - the ndp 's provincial council meets in moncton and decides to delay the vote from spring to fall .
6	they drew their water from a spring at the base of a small cliff on the mountain 's west slope , about from the tower via a short path .
15	mechanics arresting movement to arrest movement , the method commonly employs a small gravity or spring - actuated lever paired with a notched wheel .
15	the lyrics are a straightforward description of the town 's inhabitants enjoying the season of spring .
1	pure spring water was discovered near whetstone brook , and until '' the water cure '' closed in 1871 , the town was a curative health resort .
15	simple harmonic oscillator the simplest mechanical oscillating system is a mass attached to a linear spring subject to only weight and tension .
41	movement of water and dispersion within the aquifer spreads the pollutant over a wider area , its advancing boundary often called a plume edge , which can then intersect with groundwater wells or daylight into surface water such as seep and spring , making the water supplies unsafe for humans and wildlife .
6	seedbed preparation is conducted in the spring , immediately before planting , by a pass with a double-disk harrowing and a pass with a field cultivator .
15	at ascension , in honor of the zwölf-röhren-brunnen , the beerfelder brunnenfest ( '' beerfelden spring festival '' ) takes place .
14	modern bathroom and kitchen taps often use ceramic or plastic surfaces sliding against other spring - loaded ceramic surfaces or plastic washers .
16	other things associated with air and blood in ancient and medieval medicine included the season of spring , since it increased the qualities of heat and moisture ; the sanguine temperament ( of a person dominated by the blood humor ) ; hermaphrodite ( combining the masculine quality of heat with the feminine quality of moisture ) ; and the northern point of the compass .
13	the name is aboriginal in origin and comes from the name of a spring that is found close to town , but the meaning of the word is unknown .
6	it takes its name from a spring on the property .
12	it falls from mid-march to mid-april and is the last month of spring ( bôsôntô ) .
3	a couple of spring and stream in today 's municipal area were used for that purpose before the eifel aqueduct was built .
10	in the forest that abuts the town is an old spring near which some roman and celtic figures were found .
16	purification requirements for the zav include counting seven days without seminal discharge , immersion in a spring , and bringing certain korban ( sacrifices ) .
11	its natural habitat are river , freshwater marsh , and freshwater spring .
13	throughout the year , bartholomew sees the king getting angry at rain in spring , sun in summer , fog in autumn , and snow in winter .
7	it has been theorised that an underground spring feeds into the loch , maintaining a degree of freshness sufficient to offset its stagnation .
14	october is commonly associated with the season of autumn in the northern hemisphere and spring in the southern hemisphere , where it is the seasonal equivalent to april in the northern hemisphere and vice versa .
11	this whole week receives the name of fiestas de primavera ( spring fest ) .
14	purification process the sifra stipulates that the zavah is required to immerse in a spring ( as opposed to the standard mikveh bath ) to obtain taharah ( purification ) .
12	its natural habitat are temperate forest , freshwater marsh , and freshwater spring .
22	however , in common with most other subduction zones , the outer margin is slowly being compressed , similar to a giant spring .
8	it is commonly used in conjunction with a spring ( which acts to resist displacement ) .
11	his great-grandson , a tobacco farmer named stephen , discovered a spring in the mid-19th century , while plowing the fields of the family plantation .
63	what causes the mri ? a simple model of mri in a magnetized , perfectly conducting fluid , the magnetic forces behave in some very important respects as though the elements of fluid were connected with elastic bands : trying to displace such an element perpendicular to a magnetic line of force causes an attractive force proportional to the displacement , like a spring under tension .
6	during building a dam a strong spring was found .
13	the elastic response of viscoplastic materials can be represented in one-dimension by hookean spring elements .
11	the name is the plural form of sauðr which means '' spring '' or '' issue of water '' .
24	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical dry forest , subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , river , intermittent rivers , and freshwater spring .
12	the tundra of siberia and manchuria was an endless quagmire with the spring thaw making progress difficult .
7	she thus represents a water source or spring which , in classical literature , is sacred to the muses and a source of poetic inspiration .
23	while his team was viewed as the favorite going into the 78th national high school baseball invitational tournament to be held the following spring , tomakomai high was forced to withdraw from the tournament because of allegations of misconduct of some of the players .
1	this spring - fed pond is the source of the river westbourne ( an 18 50s - encased thames tributary ) .
6	floatopia occurs at the start of spring quarter '' along the beach and in the water in the 6500 and 6600 blocks of del playa drive .
8	the village was famous for its mineral water spring used for healing in sanatorium , including the hawthorne and lithia springs .
6	if flow is large enough a spring occurs and becomes the start of a creek or river .
26	when there was a great water shortage in 1870 , a fountain to supply people with water , was built which was fed by a natural spring .
12	the area also has a large number of thermal and fresh water spring .
20	derived formulas tensional stiffness of a uniform bar we may view a rod of any elastic material as a linear spring .
8	another style of electrically powered damper uses a spring - return mechanism and a shaded-pole synchronous motor .
17	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland , river , freshwater marsh , and freshwater spring .
5	it is also found around spring and seep , and can indicate their presence when not flowing .
22	the cheyenne believe that there were many different kinds of water monsters that lived not only in lakes , rivers , and spring but also high bluffs and hills .
16	by analogy to the flow of water , a current source would be like a mountain spring - water flows from its source ( a hidden location underground ) to the surface where it is easily observed .
11	the tale begins with a dragon making its nest at the spring which provides a city-state with water .
3	there are three spring in the sea , there is also a temple of lord rama named ekantha ramar temple .
22	cultivation and storage snow peas can be grown in open fields during cool seasons and can thus be cultivated during winter and spring seasons .
2	in the spring , a large number of bluebell cover the woodland , along with primroses and field maple .
6	the best seasons to visit are spring and autumn .
12	description seagull lake is a sub-coastal saline lake fed by a marine spring .
58	types stream in arkhangelsk oblast , russia a rocky creek in spearfish canyon , us creek in australia wyming brook in sheffield , uk brook in the bay of fundy , canada a low level stream in macon county , illinois ; brook : a stream smaller than a creek , especially one that is fed by a spring or seep .
18	the release process involved two pyrotechnic bolt being fired to release the satellite which was launched using a spring - loaded mechanism , a pin in a curved groove to impart a spin in the satellite .
2	in the spring of 2007 , the florida legislature ( controlled by republicans in both chambers , passed the house bill 537 which moved the date of the state 's republican and democratic primaries to january 29 , a week before the earliest permitted date of both parties .
30	every february 2 , on groundhog day , sam 's shadow is closely observed at 08 : 00 ast to make the traditional prediction whether there will be an early spring .
7	the site itself consists of a small spring - fed pool of '' bad water '' next to the road in a sink ; the accumulated salt of the surrounding basin make it undrinkable , thus giving it the name .
15	the susquehanna and tioga turnpike received a moderate amount of use , especially during the spring , when the susquehanna river was commonly used as a method of travel to new york .
7	other kinds of resistance machines friction machines spring - loaded machines ( such as bowflex ) fan-loaded machines fluid-loaded machines bullworker hydraulic equipment whole body vibration outdoor gym pneumatic exercise equipment soloflex stretchtrainer endless-path machines the gymnasticon , an early exercise machine resembling a stationary bicycle stationary bicycles exercise bicycle running/walking machines treadmill elliptical trainer elliptical machines ellipticals ( elliptical machines ) are a combination of stair-climbing and a treadmill .
37	prior to the construction of the victoria bridge , it was difficult and at times impossible to cross the st. lawrence river during the long winter season , as freeze up and thawing in the fall and spring made for treacherous conditions .
5	furthermore , there are a spring - fed outdoor swimming pool in hammelbach and a campsite .
11	the last remaining parcel , including the historic buildings and the spring , was acquired by the state of california in 1949 .
9	spring-piston guns operate by means of a coiled steel spring - loaded piston contained within a compression chamber , and separate from the barrel .
16	according to one theory , the original celtic inhabitants already had a worshipping place at this spring ( the -- born part of the name ) in pre-christian times ringed with stone god figures .
7	modern mattresses usually contain either an inner spring core or materials such as latex , viscoelastic or other flexible polyurethane foam .
22	the elimination of an available camber adjustment may reduce maintenance requirements , but if the car is lowered by use of shortened spring , the camber angle will change .
8	by the end of the 15th century , spring - driven clocks appeared in italy , and in germany .
5	the weta stay frozen until spring time .
5	usually , a comb or spring is used to hold the warp threads a bead-width apart .
13	llanwrtyd wells grew as a spa town , based around the ffynnon ddrewllyd spring , which still exists .
9	the midpoint on the kellerweg forms the julianenbrunnen ( spring ) .
64	japanese spinning top with pullstrings a jumping jack toy with pullstring chainsaw starter handle attached to a pullcord pullcord on a transit bus pullchain on a train emergency brake a pullstring ( pull string , pull-string ) or pullcord ( pull cord , pull-cord ) or pullchain ( pull-chain , pull chain ) is a string , cord , or chain wound on a spring - loaded spindle that engages a mechanism when it is pulled .
15	at the same time , the count palatine was granted leave to develop the brine spring near sankt julian .
6	to the north is a small spring house .
44	its natural habitat are boreal forest , temperate forests , temperate shrubland , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , temperate grassland , river , intermittent rivers , swamp , freshwater lake , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , rocky areas , arable land , pastureland , plantation , rural gardens , urban area , water storage areas , pond , and introduced vegetation .
11	route the colne rises perennially from a subterranean river at a spring in north mymms park in hertfordshire .
19	green light then filled the stadium , replacing the chilly blue of winter and signalling the impending arrival of spring .
19	geographic distribution i. hadei is endemic to greece , where it where it is only known from a small spring 5 km southwest of githion .
9	an unusually mild winter and a warm , early spring were followed by an unusually cool , wet summer and a cold , early autumn in 1992 .
17	points of interest the castalia pond , otherwise known as the castalia duck pond , is a spring - fed pond that never freezes .
27	santa ana wind : santa anas are hot , high winds that blow from the eastern mountains and deserts towards coastal southern california , usually in the spring and fall .
35	as soon as the winter retreated , massive frankish armies were being amassed in italia , east francia , bavaria , saxony and alemannia that were going to simultaneously invade ljudevit 's lands in the spring .
1	its spring is located on the mountain skopska crna gora .
14	torikai yukihiro , a japanese economist , ph. d , economics background a beautiful spring of yunnan , china , is managed by local residents who use its water for agricultural production .
19	these include cross country and football in the fall , soccer in the winter , and baseball in the spring .
5	the ` ayn al asad spring surfaces within the base and flows into the wādī al asadī .
19	the gaussian network model ( gnm ) is a representation of a biological macromolecule as an elastic mass-and - spring network to study , understand , and characterize mechanical aspects of its long-scale dynamics .
18	aboon the brae ( scots language for '' above the hill '' ) is the site of a spring .
24	because the weather is perceived as frequently changing , a common saying among local people is that , '' fuyang has four seasons in spring .
19	attractions manatee springs state park is located west of town ; the crystal-clear water is a '' first-magnitude '' spring that flows directly into the suwannee river .
1	desert spring in or near the oasis valley of the amargosa river are east of pioneer .
12	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and freshwater spring .
1	during spring , the plant bursts into beautiful massed displays of white pea flowers .
11	the campaign was mostly featured during the channel 's winter , spring , summer , and fall previews .
20	in romanian mythology , baba dochia , or the old dokia , is a figure identified with the return of spring .
52	hamlets ansteadbrook this minute southern settlement has a brook of the same name that rises just west at the larger hamlet of almshouse common in haslemere civil parish and passes lythe hill farm and hotel , ( architecturally in the second highest category ) , grade ii \* listed above where further spring add to the flow on both sides of the brook .
5	it is formed by two spring - fed streams , slab camp run and trussel run , on the western flanks of spruce mountain to the north of spruce knob .
4	the park contains a spring - fed lake and timber-covered rolling hills along the middle raccoon river .
14	, commonly called as , is regarded as one of the world 's leading spring manufacturers .
2	three seasonal spring flow from the slope of the plateau ; yellowjacket , mcivers and willow springs .
13	the collect pond ( or fresh water pond ) was a body of spring - fed fresh water , occupying approximately 48 acres ( 194,000 m ² ) and as deep as .
8	in the next it will climb to a spring where a barrel and a has been installed ( again for the benefit of horses ) and the site of the john robb lean-to , a popular log shelter that burned from causes still unknown in late 2005 .
18	fresh water saturated the limestone that underlies the everglades , eroding some of it away , and created spring and sinkhole .
19	shoe trees may also be made of plastic or stamped sheet metal , with or without a coiled steel spring stem ; these are typically cheaper , lighter , and are better suited for traveling .
23	description the pools consist of three open cistern , each rectilinear pool with a drop to the next , fed from an underground spring .
5	as the seasons change from spring to summer , the bonds between makoto and his friends deepen and they gain new allies and insight into the horrific origins of the shadows and the dark hour .
25	according to legend , he saved the people of choilley-dardenay during drought by striking the ground with his pilgrim 's staff , which caused a spring of water to bubble up .
39	originally meant for wealthy customers or '' more seasoned jet-setters '' going on cruises ( e.g. north americans ) or vacationing in the warm mediterranean area ( e.g. europeans ) during the winter months , cruise collections offer light spring or summer clothing when the weather at the points of sale actually calls for winter apparel .
6	c.j. came back to town in spring 2002 , with a huge chip on his shoulder for everyone , especially the forresters .
13	it is only known from a single adult male collected from a cold spring - fed stream in the apalachicola national forest , florida .
32	life cycle caterpillars the caterpillar of the emperor gum moth in its last stage before pupation caterpillar can usually be found on young adult leaves between october and march ( the australian spring and summer ) .
68	neighbours n : taunus , altkönig , feldberg ne : oberursel , bad homburg e : oberursel-stierstadt , oberursel-weißkirchen , s-bahnhof se : frankfurt am main ( niederursel , praunheim ) s : frankfurt ( sossenheim , rödelheim ) , eschborn-süd sw : eschborn w : niederhöchstadt , schwalbach , main-taunus-kreis nw : kronberg , oberhöchstadt coat of arms steinbach 's civic coat of arms shows a harnessed spring with two spouts out of both of which is coming water , pouring into a vat .
15	its distinctive breeding call can be heard throughout much of japan from the start of spring .
5	the norwegians left in the spring , and sailed north to kintyre ; here they encountered a strong force of scots and both sides lost many men during the ensuing battle .
5	history ojo ynez , a spring , and watering place on the old road from janos , chihuahua to the santa rita copper mine was located in the valley of the burro cienega two miles up stream from where the road crossed the stream just northeast of soldiers farewell hill .
17	the għajn tuffieha roman baths were discovered in 1929 during government works to cap a fresh water spring in the area .
4	wvsu 's fall and spring commencement ceremonies were held in december and may , respectively , at the charleston civic center in charleston .
21	he enlists the support of a few hundred men and guides them through the building of a reservoir beneath a perennial spring on a nearby hill .
19	the fall was caused by the lack of water due to the discovery of the path to a secret spring by the enemy troops .
7	holi ( ) ( ) is a spring festival also known as the festival of colors or the festival of love .
10	there are two seasons of wildflower bloom - one in spring ( march -- april ) when the rhododendrons bloom , and another in the post-monsoon season ( around october ) , when the lower forests bloom ( primula , geranium , saxifraga , bistort , senecio , cotoneaster and numerous orchid ) .
16	its source is at the town of fontaine-de-vaucluse ( vaucluse department ) and is the biggest spring in france and the fifth biggest in the world .
4	the fontaines bleues natural spring .
7	is the day before the beginning of spring in japan .
21	the car , which was made up mostly of model t parts , was discovered to have a broken right front spring .
19	description the clipper mountain wilderness has rugged yellow and dark brown , horizontally striped mesa , narrow canyon with spring , and sparsely vegetated alluvial fan .
38	the shelters themselves are located on an east-facing cliff in an outcrop of tick ridge sandstone at the end of the eponymous rockhouse hollow ; between the two , away from the southern shelter , lies a small spring , whence rises a small stream that flows into the nearby poison creek .
1	the spring supposedly furnished water for those who lived in this building and was only channelled into a drain in the 1950s .
8	location sunset at namsen the river begins in spring in børgefjell national park , just over the border in nordland county .
25	the most famous include how the '' bottom '' of the lake is a false bottom made up of silt , under which lies a spring that extends feet below the surface of the lake ; that somewhere in the lake lies a crashed airplane ( either a b-17 flying fortress or a small private airplane , depending on who you talk to ) ; and that scuba divers reportedly dove the deepest depths of the lake only to surface when the fish became larger than the divers .
17	the month of february & march fall in the transitional season from winter to summer described as spring or '' basant '' .
10	there numerous watering points in the form of creek , spring and swamps scattered around the property which can dry up before the onset of the wet season , making the catle dependent on bores for a small part of the year .
14	st. søren 's church in old rye is at the site of a holy spring , and has had the reputation for bringing about miracle .
15	infrastructure stone aqueduct , sometimes spanning miles , brought fresh water from a river or spring to the mission site .
17	the term '' vernal keratoconjunctivitis '' ( vkc ) is used to refer to keratoconjunctivitis occurring in spring , and is usually considered to be due to allergen .
5	the place , with natural spring , was a ranch and stagecoach station in the lower eastern side of historic tehachapi pass .
3	annual improv-a-thon every spring , commedus performs 24 straight hours of improv as a fundraiser .
4	there are three freshwater spring on the island .
10	the head is the end of the fibula with the spring or hinge .
23	walpurgis night is very similar to chaharshanbe suri , an iranian ceremony which is held on the last wednesday of winter to celebrate spring and iranian new year , nowruz .
15	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , freshwater marsh , and freshwater spring .
8	the meres were fed from a fresh water spring 2,000 feet ( 600 m ) inland , linked to the meres by an underground stone channel .
21	tulips are also popular in australia and several festivals are held in september and october , during the southern hemisphere 's spring .
5	swimming is available in a spring - fed lake south of the campground .
10	pseudomonas cedrina is a gram-negative , rod-shaped bacterium isolated from spring waters in lebanon .
18	at the time of the battle , the river was much wider than this , due to heavy spring rains and flooding .
19	hooke 's law is a principle of physics that states that the force needed to extend or compress a spring by some distance is proportional to that distance .
18	moreover , the fountain also refers to the municipality 's status as the site of a state-recognized health spring , the '' vulkania quelle '' in dreis .
22	the album revolves around a seasonal concept ; the first four songs each represent one of the traditional four seasons , respectively spring , summer , autumn , and winter , while the final track , '' histoires sans paroles '' , represents the imaginary fifth season .
13	trading with canada since taking command of the '' jean '' , every spring and fall , allan took his brig from greenock to montreal and back again .
8	recent innovations include multi-colored plastic-coated paper clips and spring - fastened binder clip .
4	hanwell has a reliable spring , so its toponym later changed from - weg to - welle .
18	in most species , leaves come up in autumn , grow through the winter , and die in spring , then the plant goes dormant through the dry mediterranean summer .
3	it flowers in spring , from may to august , and produces seed from july to september .
19	pohela falgun ( bengali : পহেলা ফাল্গুন pôhela falgun or পয়লা ফাল্গুন pôela falgun ) , first day of spring of bengali month falgun , of the bengali calendar , celebrated in bangladesh and west bengal and in the other india states , including assam , tripura , jharkhand and orrisa .
14	the reverdie is an old french poetic genre , which celebrates the arrival of spring .
1	numerous spring and cave occur within the drainage area and along the river course .
2	cserta 's spring is at the kandikó hill .
32	its natural habitat are temperate forest , river , intermittent rivers , shrub-dominated wetland , swamp , freshwater lake , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , rocky areas , arable land , pastureland , plantation , water storage areas , pond , open excavations , wastewater treatment areas , seasonally flooded agricultural land , and canal and ditches .
1	in spring and summer , it migrates to spruce and infects recently emerged needle , coloring them in yellow .
4	the area has numerous spring and seep .
6	the city was named after a spring , kyre , which the greeks consecrated to apollo .
19	that means the seasons consist of warm summer , mild wet winter , cool pleasant fall , and warm spring .
19	one epidemiological finding is that people diagnosed with schizophrenia are more likely to have been born in winter or spring ( at least in the northern hemisphere ) .
18	waypoints have traditionally been associated with distinctive features of the real world , such as rock formations , spring , oases , mountain , buildings , roadways , waterways , railways , and so on .
13	the canyon was named after native grapevines , the ) , found at spring on its slopes .
9	the pellets are axially held in place by a spring .
11	climbing season the most popular seasons for climbing throop peak are spring and fall because of the cooler temperatures and easy accessibility .
29	in addition , dambo ( grasslands which become marsh in the rainy season ) are prevalent in most of the country and water is usually available in them from spring or shallow well .
8	native plant include wetland grasses at the natural spring fed lakes ' shorelines , and the native saharan ) the ubari oasis settlement is the second center for the kel ajjer tuareg people , after ghat .
22	a natural lake ( the mill pond ) exists on the northern edge of the area ; it is fed by a spring at its southeast end .
19	history as of 1850 , the lake was used as a bathing lake and a resort area in the spring .
1	its spring is a little east of the north norfolk village of west beckham .
16	history lichun egg egg balancing has been connected with lichun , the solar term beginning chinese spring ( ) on february 4 or 5 when the sun is at the celestial longitude of 315 ° .
29	one of several geographic features in the area -- including cold springs wash , cold springs reservoir and cold springs canyon -- that were likely named after a local spring , cold springs post office was established in 1880 and ran until 1883 .
27	the main charge in the arms , a fountain , is canting for the placename ending -- born , which can mean '' fountain '' or '' spring '' in german .
16	there are a number of cave and caverns in xilitla , as well as many natural spring .
7	the dams were constructed to impound local spring water to supply the town of sheffield .
4	eggs are laid during spring near decaying plant matter .
10	thunderstorm season in the usa and canada runs in the spring through summer .
13	alapaha rise , also known as shelley run , is the largest single spring in the united states .
11	they will only settle if their habitat is completely undisturbed in spring .
4	worthington springs is a spring and town in union county , florida , united states .
22	the day was introduced as a more efficient alternative to individually celebrating a number of holidays honoring various minor saints in the spring .
0	spring starts in early april and ends in late may , with average temperatures close to .
10	in the southern hemisphere , the beginning of the meteorological spring is on the 1st of september .
26	the old road came over what is now the tejon pass from what would become gorman then turned west up cuddy creek to cuddy valley its spring .
1	that spring on detelinara they signed : stojan pilipović , jovan ninković and zoran milovac , who wore its nations under 21 team 's kit .
38	different sorts of replacement industries were created with help of state subsidies both by lesjöfors and other companies during the decade after the closure of the paper mill , amongst other things wallpaper , wooden shelves and automotive spring were produced before lesjöfors ab went bankrupt in 1985 .
10	the native riparian ( populus fremontii ) grow around natural spring .
12	there are a large number of mature tree and blossom trees in spring , together with crocus and daffodils and flowerbeds that burst with color during summer .
26	of these species , only around 75 actually breed within the state ; the remainder are migrating or wintering species that are only present during the spring or winter months .
20	devotees and pilgrims offer items for worship directly to the goddess , then touch her and drink water from the spring .
10	the name of the town is taken from a nearby spring and is aboriginal in origin , its meaning is unknown .
13	each paddle is connected to the row-bar and provides both balance and minor spring tension to the rowing process .
1	yellow spring ) is a municipality in naâma province , algeria .
21	the track '' rezolucija un '' was also included on the third studio album , buđanje proleća ( the mildew of spring ) , produced by boris mladenović .
10	the twin-lobed lake receives half of its water from submerged spring , six percent from incoming streams , and the remainder from direct rainfall and runoff .
0	spring 2013 : organized student easter egg hunt on bascom hill .
8	tule fog forms from late fall through early spring ( california 's rainy season ) after the first significant rainfall .
17	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , river , intermittent rivers , freshwater spring , rocky areas , and heavily degraded former forest .
15	since that time other safety innovations have included features on track , section , and spring assemblies .
1	in spring , the roads are lined with wildflower , dominated by the texas bluebonnet .
30	brilliant was also one of the first cities in the area to have running water -- they constructed a reservoir to hold water from the kootenay river and a local spring , and by 1912 , each household had running water .
4	its source is a spring above panther rocks camp .
16	in the high mountains , they bloom in summer ; at lower elevations , in late spring .
5	historically , there was a spring close to the corner of mulberry street and pearl street near blizzards run .
28	while johnson was labeled as '' moody '' and '' uncoachable '' during his days with the phillies and cardinals , he impressed reds manager dave bristol that spring and was given the starting job in left field even though a lefthanded bat would have been more suitable for the reds ' line-up .
16	the village is situated on the ancient road icknield way and is the location where several spring form a small pool called the lyde .
20	the swimming hole by thomas eakins a swimming hole is a place in a river , stream , creek , spring , or similar natural body of water , which is large enough and deep enough for a person to swim in .
5	they were often located at spring .
1	a spring in the village of jeloboc has an output of a second .
16	its natural habitat are temperate forest , river , intermittent rivers , swamp , and freshwater spring .
41	the first half of the decade was mainly dominated by the story lines that were written by the head writing married couple of robert soderberg and edith sommer who wrote for the show from near the end of 1969 to the spring of 1973 and were long time and reliable soap scribe .
8	course the sturgeon river begins at an unnamed spring between the simcoe highlands and the western edge of the oro moraine , and just west of the community of horseshoe valley in oro-medonte .
20	the dark color of humus ( usually black or dark brown ) helps to warm up cold soils in the spring .
1	; spring : the point at which a stream emerges from an underground course through unconsolidated sediment or through caves .
7	it is very deep and strong karst spring , very hard to access .
8	one type of tensioner is a large industrial spring .
9	northern dikhil region during fall , winter , and spring , it experiences the most clear days statewide .
12	the temple is situated on a hill , approximately from the main spring in the area , the naba al-arbain .
19	two are dry : a short winter and a very long summer ; two are rainy : autumn and spring .
34	types of streams include creeks , tributaries , which do not reach an ocean and connect with another stream or river , brooks , which are typically small streams and sometimes sourced from a spring or seep and tidal inlets .
2	in the spring of 1540 , cortés returned to spain for the last time ; this was the first time that martín cortés , son of malinche , and don martín cortés met .
12	formed on a natural depression , underneath the ground is a fresh-water spring that feeds the aqueduct , artificial pools and canals that are a characteristic of the park .
2	during the spring many of the woods are carpeted with bluebells .
22	an equatorial ring an equatorial ring was an astronomical instrument used in the hellenistic world to determine the exact moment of the spring and autumn equinoxes .
12	overview potential energy is often associated with restoring force such as a spring or the force of gravity .
14	juma river ( ) is a river in northern china that emerges from a spring - fed lake in laiyuan county , hebei province and flows to fangshan district in beijing municipality before emptying into the daqing river , a tributary of the hai river .
59	the black river , in kings county , nova scotia , canada , captured by the gaspereau river vlara moravia ; czech republic karst the donauversickerung ( danube sink ) , currently developing in germany , where a large portion of the upper parts of the danube river sinks into the limestone bedrock , and resurfaces in the aachtopf spring , a tributary of the river rhine .
4	in essence , non-linear spring are attached to the foundation in place of the soil .
2	typically , spring - like attractive forces based on hooke 's law are used to attract pairs of endpoints of the graph 's edges towards each other , while simultaneously repulsive forces like those of electrically charged particles based on coulomb 's law are used to separate all pairs of nodes .
20	fastener and tool the basic type consists of a steel cylinder body , a plunger on the top , a spring , a pair of step-cut locks , and a spreader bar .
24	its natural habitat are moist savanna , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland , river , swamp , freshwater spring , pastureland , rural gardens , pond , and canal and ditches .
10	they include lakes and pond , rivers , stream , spring , and wetland .
25	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , river , intermittent rivers , and freshwater spring .
12	there is a large woods area surrounding the village , and a spring .
16	in his domain over agriculture , kokopelli 's flute-playing chases away the winter and brings about spring .
18	it has been postulated that elastic structures in series with the contractile component can store energy like a spring after being forcibly stretched .
7	meccano magazine ' s last issue was spring 1981 .
13	halfway home is an american comedy series that aired on comedy central in spring 2007 .
7	once the wheel is released , it spring back to the middle position and the media pauses or begins playing again .
14	the name rabī ` al-awwal means the first ( month ) or beginning of spring , referring to its position in the pre-islamic arabian calendar .
5	it is found in freshwater spring , irrigated land , and canal and ditches .
31	it is not named after the season , but , like that word , derives from the meaning '' jump , burst forth , rise '' , as in a natural spring .
7	the species is most active during the spring and early summer although it may be seen into late june .
29	where a traditional schedule has students moving to eight classes a day , the block schedule has four 90-minute classes in the fall and four different classes in the spring .
32	this day also marks the end of the nine-day utsava called chaitra navaratri ( maharashtra ) or vasanthothsava ( telangana , andra pradesh , karnataka & tamil nadu ) ( festival of spring ) , which starts with gudi padwa ( maharashtra ) .
15	both male and female species mate during winter , following by an egg development in spring .
1	oleander spring ) is the capital city of aïn defla province , algeria .
2	the natural spring fed green lake before it was capped and drained to the metro sewer system after it became contaminated by residential development ( 1920 , 1931 ) .
2	the first spring - loaded mechanical pencil was patented in 1877 and a twist-feed mechanism was developed in 1895 .
18	in greek mythology , the pegaeae ( ; πηγαῖαι ) were a type of naiad that lived in spring .