9	the flower are produced in clusters directly on the trunk and older branches ; this is known as cauliflory .
2	inside the trunk and root of the plant is a soapy substance high in saponin .
29	dunnigan-type familial partial lipodystrophy , abbreviated as ( fpld ) , is a rare monogenic form of insulin resistance characterized by loss of subcutaneous fat from the extremities , trunk , and gluteal region .
9	the anterior rami supply the antero-lateral parts of the trunk and the limbs .
14	the stem has distinctive horizontal marks , or scar , which often encircle the trunk .
3	instead of a trunk at the back of the car , the terranaut features an air lock drawer , which allows easy and safe access to clinical samples placed in the air lock drawer by someone on the outside by a lab analyst still inside the car .
11	the dance itself consists of quick rhythmic moves especially with the trunk or upper body .
32	they are often more bulky than slalom/polo vests , but are usually cut short at the front to allow the paddler to lean further forward despite the thicker foam and allow good trunk rotation for quick turns .
37	the other changes were minor ( e.g. a slight modification to the extruded aluminum grille , a front sway bar made standard on six-cylinder models , and an optional black vinyl roof cover that continued over the trunk opening ) .
8	) feathers sprouting from the top of the trunk at odd angles .
21	its leaves are different from the leaves of true palms , and unlike true palms it does not develop a woody trunk .
9	epicormic buds under the often thick bark of the trunk and branch are ready to sprout new stem and leaves after a fire .
37	the leaf bases of some pinnate leaved palms ( most notable being roystonea regia or the royal palm but also including the families areca , wodyetia and pinanga ) form a sheath at the top of the trunk surrounding the bud where all the subsequent leaves are formed .
13	the teddy-bear cholla is an erect plant , standing tall with a distinct trunk .
18	this major re-design saw the addition of an external decklid ( previous models only allowed access to the trunk through the rear seat back ) and vent windows .
14	it is commonly found in the form of a rounded outgrowth on a tree trunk or branch that is filled with small knots from dormant buds .
6	many cars have lights in the trunk ( or boot ) , the engine compartment , and the glovebox and other storage compartments .
1	its trunk is bottle-shaped , generally bulging in its lower third , measuring up to in girth .