30	kim and chae were forced to work for 14 hours a day ; if they did n't work well , they were beaten by an iron bar or an wooden club .
2	private member club were not exempted .
21	before their adoption of guns , the plains indians hunted with spear , bows and arrows , and various forms of club .
16	animaritime is an anime and gaming convention founded by members of the mount allison university anime club .
12	the latter would later be sampled for the 2005 dance radio and club hit '' love on my mind '' by the freemasons featuring amanda wilson .
50	in 1807 , gibraltar merchants had founded a library in bedlam court , as they were denied membership of the garrison library , it being available only to members of the british garrison in the city ( the garrison library functioned not only as a library , but as a club , owned and run by and for military officers ; civilians were excluded , regardless of their prominence ) .
19	his first single was '' i wanna lick the pussy '' ( 1994 ) , which became a regional club hit without the assistance of radio airplay .
5	a film society is a club where people can watch screenings of films which would otherwise not be shown in mainstream cinema .
16	the european-influenced music is layered and textured with many music modalities , differing from their past club - oriented albums .
8	stewarts & lloyds corby a.f.c. is a football club based in corby , northamptonshire , england .
19	thematically , the album 's subject matter mostly concerns self-aggrandisement , sex , social commentary , and '' the club '' .
24	killed in : '' ice cold killa '' jizzy b. is the biggest pimp in san fierro , the owner of the pleasure domes club and a member of the loco syndicate .
7	bk děčín is a czech professional basketball club based in the city of děčín .
14	relatively unknown outside their home country , they have had international success with the club track , '' helium '' .
21	linda now travels all over the nation and around the world for her performances making appearances in numerous casino venues , club venues and outdoor festival venues .
1	the club was established on february 22 , 2008 by a small group of trek enthusiasts in chennai , india .
21	she approached ades and asked him if he would be willing to transform '' i begin to wonder '' from a club song to a pop song .
17	logistics typically , the audience capacity for a house concert is smaller than at a coffeehouse or club .
18	the band 's popularity increased when they were asked to play a two-week stint at ronnie scott 's club in london , opening for chick corea , a run that was eventually lengthened to three weeks .
16	description tales depict the dagda as a figure of immense power , armed with a magic club and associated with a cauldron .
9	it is a hip hop song with influences of club music , and is backed by a looped production containing elements of synthesizer and string instrument , and a repetitive bassline .