12	their arms and legs are nearly equal in length , and their trunk is long , allowing them to twist and extend to nearby branches .
11	the dance itself consists of quick rhythmic moves especially with the trunk or upper body .
13	it is similar to other rough sharks in having a stout , high trunk , a dorsally depressed head , and two sail-like dorsal fin with deeply embedded spines .
21	'' function the major function of the gluteus maximus is to extend the flexed thigh and bring it inline with the trunk .
9	the anterior rami supply the antero-lateral parts of the trunk and the limbs .
10	observing the fossils , notharctus tenebrosus had long hindlimb , trunk , and tail .
39	the type and only known specimen is an articulated , but very incomplete individual , deformed and elongated , consisting of a large , incomplete , tubercle-covered head , a long , beak-like rostrum , and some of the trunk , with a total length of 18 centimeters .
17	fossils of pterichtyodes showing eyes positioned on the direct of the head and a '' ventrally flattened trunk shield '' suggest that it was a '' bottom dweller '' , living at the bottom of lakes , where it might have crawled using its pectoral appendages .
15	scoring the scale comprises three categories : five general facets four lower extremity facets seven trunk , head and upper extremity facets each item has a score range from 0 ( good function ) to 3 ( poor function ) .
8	surface projections of the major organs of the trunk , using the vertebral column and rib cage as main reference points of superficial anatomy .
7	līc : ' body ' , ' trunk ' .
18	png the vertebrae may be used as vertical reference points for the locations of the organs of the trunk , taken from the middle of the vertebral body .
41	qing he et al . of the obesity research center at columbia university did a study on '' fat distribution '' of 358 prepubertal children and the study said that asians had less gynoid fat than african american and more relative trunk fat than caucasians , but less relative extremity fat than caucasians .
12	digitales volares propriæ ; collateral digital arteries ) the arteries of the trunk the descending aorta the thoracic aorta ( ) thoracic aorta thoracic aorta : peculiarities of : branches of the thoracic aorta visceral pericardial branches ( rami pericardiaci ) bronchial arteries ( aa .
1	the trunk is longer than in other prosimians because they have 15 -- 16 thoracic vertebrae , compared to 12 -- 14 in other prosimians .
9	structure location surface projections of the organs of the trunk , showing kidneys at the level of t12 to l2 .
7	prosthetics for children without substantial hip and trunk control is usually abandoned in favor of faster and easier wheelchair mobility as the child 's weight and age increases .
8	png surface projections of the organs of the trunk , with transpyloric plane labeled at l1 image : gray1034 .
14	this gives the prosector , a pathologist or assistant , maximum exposure to the trunk .
9	surface landmarks surface projections of the organs of the trunk , from which organ locations are derived mainly from vertebra levels , rib and the ilium .
27	it has a distinctive appearance which is alluded to in its name ; the long white fringes of hair the run along each side of its black trunk are known as a mantle .
25	the upper extremity , proximal extremity or superior epiphysis of the femur is the part of the femur closes to the pelvic bone and the trunk .
20	function the serratus posterior inferior draws the lower ribs backward and downward to assist in rotation and extension of the trunk .
9	during forced expiration for speech , muscles of the trunk and abdomen reduce the size of the thoracic cavity by compressing the abdomen or pulling the rib cage down forcing air out of the lungs .
13	dysplastic nevi can be found anywhere , but are most common on the trunk in men , and on the calves in women .
68	spinal polio the location of motor neuron in the anterior horn cells of the spinal column spinal polio , the most common form of paralytic poliomyelitis , results from viral invasion of the motor neurons of the anterior horn cells , or the ventral ( front ) grey matter section in the spinal column , which are responsible for movement of the muscles , including those of the trunk , limbs , and the intercostal muscle .
29	dunnigan-type familial partial lipodystrophy , abbreviated as ( fpld ) , is a rare monogenic form of insulin resistance characterized by loss of subcutaneous fat from the extremities , trunk , and gluteal region .
32	they are often more bulky than slalom/polo vests , but are usually cut short at the front to allow the paddler to lean further forward despite the thicker foam and allow good trunk rotation for quick turns .
15	the analogous dutch word '' romp '' does however have the literal meaning of '' trunk '' and is therefore a more obvious metaphor for such a remnant .
20	anatomical focus lengthens the extensor muscles of the leg and the deep psoas muscles that connect the legs to the trunk .
16	it grows to heights of up to 25 metres some species 40 m. and have stout trunk up to 1 metre in diameter .
18	on july 27 , 1964 , vandals cut off the tree 's branch and all but of its trunk using hacksaw .
37	description coconut flowers plant cocos nucifera is a large palm , growing up to tall , with pinnate leaves long , and pinnae 60 -- 90 cm long ; old leaves break away cleanly , leaving the trunk smooth .
9	the flower are produced in clusters directly on the trunk and older branches ; this is known as cauliflory .
18	they grow to heights of up to 25 m , or some species to 40 m. their stout trunk are up to 1 m in diameter .
20	in trees , heart rot is a fungal disease that causes the decay of wood at the center of the trunk and branch .
20	most of the fungi are saprophyte , but a few are damaging to foliage , produce canker , or cause trunk or root rot .
13	it is dioecious , and the female trees bear fruit directly on the trunk and large branches .
16	botany ackee is an evergreen tree that grows about 10 metres tall , with a short trunk and a dense crown .
9	the west virginia state champion bur oak has a trunk diameter of almost 3 m ( 9 feet ) .
10	the plant uniquely grows hanging upside down off a larger trunk or branch of a larger tree , often in rather cool and dry forest environments at of elevation .
1	its trunk is short and quickly divides up into ramification .
15	description acerola is an evergreen shrub or small tree with spreading branches on a short trunk .
9	description mature shumard oak typically reach heights of , trunk diameter is typically , and crown width typically reaches in width .
1	the trunk is used as a source of resin .
10	it is an arborescent ( tree-like ) species with a trunk up to 4 m tall , frequently producing suckers ( vegetative offshoots ) .
23	the young plant grows straight upwards and has the form of a narrow cone with branches going out along the length of the trunk .
15	the jumping cholla is an arborescent ( tree - like ) plant with one low-branching trunk .
23	fructification ( ) are the generative parts of the plant ( flower and fruit ) ( as opposed to its vegetative parts : trunk , root and leaves ) .
3	its unusual square-looking trunk spared it from felling when most of the large kauri trees in the area were logged during the late 19th century .
9	epicormic buds under the often thick bark of the trunk and branch are ready to sprout new stem and leaves after a fire .
23	the live crown is the top part of a tree , the part that has green leaves ( as opposed to the bare trunk , bare branches , and dead leaves ) .
5	it has a relatively short trunk and a deep , dense crown .
8	the branch droop from a single , central trunk as the tree matures and is often pruned in human agriculture to optimize tree density and ease of fruit harvest .
10	the aerial stem of an adult tree is called a trunk .
35	description f. cupressoides is the largest tree species in south america , normally growing to 40 -- 60 m , but occasionally more than 70 m in argentina , and up to 5 m in trunk diameter .
13	description wiliwili trees grow to a height of with a gnarled and stout trunk that reaches in diameter .
10	the talipariti elatum tree is quite attractive with its straight trunk , broad green leaves and hibiscus - like flower .
33	background information the coconut palm cocos nucifera grows up to tall , with pinnate leaves long , and pinnae 60 -- 90 cm long ; old leaves break away cleanly , leaving the trunk smooth .
11	the gray or brown bark is smooth - lenticel and the trunk is thick .
17	reflections modelled every part of the car separately ( tire , car door , car light , trunk , etc. ) and then they 've combined it all together into a single vehicle .
21	in the uncensored version , stan is shown drinking at the wheel of the car before showing dido struggling in the trunk of the car .
31	this concept vehicle was a multi-purpose vehicle ( mpv ) with rear-hinged-doors , that addressed the needs of families , with a roomy cabin in a compact package and a large trunk .
50	) in most vehicles , the glove compartment closes with a latch , with the option of being locked with a key ( often desirable when using valet service , or when parking while the convertible top is down , or when the compartment contains a mechanism to open the trunk ) .
18	this major re-design saw the addition of an external decklid ( previous models only allowed access to the trunk through the rear seat back ) and vent windows .
7	oak finds police issue guns in the trunk of one man 's car , including one that belonged to calvess , and he beats both men until tellis tells him to get csi tools from the car .
8	after his arrest , police discovered in the trunk of kraft 's vehicle a coded list depicting cryptic references to his victims , leading kraft to becoming known as the scorecard killer in addition to the freeway killer .
7	other differences include the '' scepter '' trunk garnish , fender marker lights , some options , and interior trim .
18	the same architecture is applied at the rear , with a deep bumper , a clamshell - shaped trunk lid that envelops over the flanks , dual exhaust pipes and tail lamps .
24	the term is also applied to the smaller stamped panels that form the floors inside a vehicle as well as the bottom of the trunk .
22	the x-coupe was a crossover coupe , it featured an aluminium body , a 3.0 litre turbo - diesel engine , a trunk opening downwards , two opening conventional doors that swing outward and large tire and large rims .
30	the lack of cargo space in the prowler was universally lamented , so the howler addressed this by elongating and squaring off the back end , creating a moderate sized trunk .
22	the sl opened up the apollo range with remote exterior mirrors , intermittent windscreen wipers , heated rear screen demister , remote trunk release for sedans and fuel filler door , a two-speaker radio cassette player and tinted side and rear glass .
3	instead of a trunk at the back of the car , the terranaut features an air lock drawer , which allows easy and safe access to clinical samples placed in the air lock drawer by someone on the outside by a lab analyst still inside the car .
16	a continental tire is an upright , external , mounted spare tire behind an automobile 's trunk compartment .
16	fuel supply was via a single weber adf twin - choke carburettor , fed from a trunk mounted steel fuel tank .
9	the corpse was found that same day in the trunk of a red renault 4 in via michelangelo caetani in the historic center of rome .
36	in the case of the three-box form , there is a '' box '' delineating a separate volume from the a-pillar forward , a second box comprising the passenger volume , and third box comprising the trunk area e.g. , a sedan .
22	a bomb that was visible on the backseat of the car had been defused , but when a police officer opened the trunk of the alfa romeo , a second bomb exploded .
13	unlike the bmw x5 , the x-coupe had an aluminium body , a trunk opening downwards and two doors that swing outward .
11	many vehicles also display their vehicle number on their roof or trunk ( boot ) lid , to be identifiable from the air .
3	the car 's trunk capacity was also large , offering of cargo space .
12	currently the vehicle lacks features such as a storage compartment ( i.e. trunk or glove compartment ) , and the protection against bad weather is inadequate .
26	while other manufacturers in america at the time offered a/c on some models , their air conditioning units were driven by a large and heavy , trunk mounted expander and heat exchanger that carried the air into the car via clear plastic tubes and out through ceiling mounted vents .
8	the gas flap was built so that the trunk could be added to the total cargo area of the delorean .
37	the other changes were minor ( e.g. a slight modification to the extruded aluminum grille , a front sway bar made standard on six-cylinder models , and an optional black vinyl roof cover that continued over the trunk opening ) .
15	on front-engined saloon/sedans , measuring rear overhang is helpful in predicting the size of the trunk .
27	the robinsons claimed that a product defect in the car led to the injuries they sustained specifically , the audi 's gas tank was located beneath the trunk , in an area that the robinsons claimed was susceptible to being punctured and igniting in a rear-end collision .
7	other criticisms include the lack of a trunk , rear window , spare tire and radio , and the way the car 's engine was limited or '' drugged '' .
35	the , '' out of time '' , reveals in a flashback that eric had , in the past , discovered a bmw that had been dumped in the everglades with a body in the trunk and called detective caine .