12	an east german , constantine vishnevsky , has offered information regarding a mole within mi6 , in exchange for safe passage for himself and his family to the west .
19	penetration by the kgb these successes were marred , however , by the penetration of asio by a kgb mole in the 1970s .
4	as an ingredient in mole dishes , they are known in spanish as pipián .
10	some of the traditional foods here include several types of mole ( negro , rojo , amarillo , coloradito and more ) , chichilo , tasajo , tamales in banana leaves and tacos with chapulines ( fried grasshoppers ) .
14	she was given a secret mission to tell the housemates that there was a mole among them when in reality , there actually was not .
28	at 25 ° c δ g in kj · mol − 1 = 5.708 p k a ( 1 kj · mol − 1 = 1000 joule per mole ) .
15	as an example , in microscopic physics , to describe a system consisting of a mole of carbon-12 atoms we need of the order of 10 23 ( avogadro 's number ) variables , while to describe it as a macroscopic system ( 12 grams of carbon-12 ) we only need a few .
31	philby , when he was posted in the british embassy in washington , dc , after the war , learned that us and british intelligence were searching for a british embassy mole ( cryptonym homer ) who was passing information to the soviet union , relying on material uncovered by venona .
5	eileen roberts , a female mole who works at a local coffee shop , previously alongside margaret smith , has strong feelings for rigby and makes this very obvious .
9	he listed several species of the family talpidae ( mole and related species ) from vieux collonges , including '' espèce c '' ( '' species c '' ) , which he named as a new genus and species , veratalpa lugdunensiana , in a footnote .
64	neighborhood celebrations are held in cuernavaca , mostly for patron saints , they include 15 may , the feast of san isidro labrador ; 13 june , the feast of san antonio in the neighborhood of san antón , with aztec dances ; 6 august , the feast of the savior or the transfiguration in ocotepec , featuring the moors and christians dance , mole , and pulque ; 10 august the feast of san lorenzo in chamilpa ; 15 august , the festival of the assumption of mary in santa maría ahuacatilán ; and 8 september , festival of nuestra señora de los milagros in tlaltenango .
4	digger digger is a mole who joins pocky 's team to avoid losing face in front of his friends .
0	mole , gophers , mice , rat and even shrew have similar characteristics and behavioral tendencies .
9	the fraction of guanine + cytosine pairs is 65 mole percent .
22	the other australians were assigned to the boiler rooms of the blockship , or as part of a storming party along the mole .
9	unbeknownst to the prison authorities smith was actually a mole for the imprisoned ulster volunteer force ( uvf ) leader gusty spence , passing on information about the conditions in which the internees were being held .
5	dunkerque was tied alongside the mole with her stern facing the sea , so she could not return fire .
76	there are colonies of herons and cormorants ( including pygmy cormorant ) , and other species include white-tailed eagle , buzzards , eurasian sparrowhawk , common spoonbill , western marsh harrier , montagu 's harrier , red-breasted goose , ferruginous duck , osprey , wild goose , stork , heron , woodcock etc. variety of mammals include wild hog , roe deer , red fox , european brown hare , muskrat , bat , hedgehog , mole , weasel , hamster , european ground squirrel , european polecat , etc. nature reserve special nature reserve of stari begej-carska bara was proclaimed in 1955 , with status being revised in 1995 .
28	baranov had been recruited by the u.s. central intelligence agency ( cia ) and agreed to spy for them , but was betrayed to the russians by a mole in either the federal bureau of investigation ( fbi ) or the cia and spent five years in prison before being released .
33	he fears that this will be his doom , but it turns out that this sound is coming from bells on the lead of a shrew who from this is attached to a mole .
14	the fur is waterproof , and the texture is akin to that of a mole .
49	a typical tape measure with both metric and us units and two us pennies for comparison standardization of measurement units measurements are most commonly made in the si system , which contains seven fundamental units : kilogram , metre , candela , second , ampere , kelvin , and mole .
15	it was not long before a shot from terrible hit a magazine on the imperial mole , which exploded causing great damage .
31	one u is defined as the amount of the enzyme that produces a certain amount of enzymatic activity , that is , the amount that catalyzes the conversion of 1 micro mole of substrate per minute .
17	mona takes advantage of thumbelina 's gratitude and tries to force her into marrying the old mr. mole .
19	the enthalpy of sublimation , or heat of sublimation , is defined as the heat required to sublime one mole of the substance at a given combination of temperature and pressure , usually standard temperature and pressure ( stp ) .