20	the band consists of mark baker ( vocals ) , paolo di liberto ( synths ) , gareth milburn ( bass , synths ) and lee smith ( guitar , backing vocals ) .
51	track listing line-up dave brockie ( oderus urungus ) - lead vocals dewey rowell ( flattus maximus ) - lead and rhythm guitar , backing vocals steve douglas ( balsac the jaws of death ) - lead and rhythm guitar , backing vocals michael bishop ( beefcake the mighty ) - bass , backing vocals rob mosby ( nippleus erectus ) - drums don drakulich ( techno destructo ) - lead vocals on '' techno 's song '' miscellaneous when the beginning of the song '' öllie north '' is played backwards , the actual beginning of the song happens to be a slurred rendition of a part of the bridge to careless whisper .
36	other members at various times included eric altman ( drum , played drums live and on all jimmy george recordings ) , christine chesser ( fiddle , vocals - chickpea ) , and vitas paukstitis ( bass ) .
18	personnel jon bon jovi lead vocals , guitar richie sambora guitar , backing vocals , talkbox hugh mcdonald bass , backing vocals tico torres drums david bryan keyboards , backing vocals tour dates box office score data from the 19 shows reported from billboard , the one wild night tour grossed a total of $ 17,143,241 with a total attendance of 391,321 .
36	recordings esterházy : harmonia caelestis -- mária zádori , márta fers ( soprano ) , katalin gémes ( mezzo-soprano ) , katalin károlyi ( contralto ) , gábor kállay ( tenor ) , józsef moldvay ( bass ) ; savaria vocal ensemble , capella savaria , conducted by pál németh .
38	jubilate agno in music the text of jubilate agno is the source for rejoice in the lamb , a festival cantata composed by benjamin britten in 1943 for four soloists , a soprano , alto , tenor and bass choir , and organ .
39	track listing personnel maddy prior - vocals june tabor - vocals martin carthy - guitar nic jones - fiddle tony hall - melodeon andy irvine - mandolin johnny moynihan - bouzouki gabriel mckeon - uillean pipes danny thompson - bass john gillaspie brian golbey critical reviews this album has been widely regarded as the best english acoustic traditional folk album of the 1970s .
21	tyler dianocky ( guitar ) , dan davidson ( guitar ) , greg williamson ( drums ) and steve vincent ( bass ) first played together in a folk music band for paying shows before meeting matt landry ( vocals ) through mutual friends , after watching him perform solo .
44	to address this problem , mcguinn hired hillman 's cousin , kevin kelley ( formerly a member of the rising sons ) , as the band 's new drummer , and it was this three-piece line-up , with mcguinn on guitar and hillman on bass , that embarked on the early 1968 college tour .
44	history formation and early history ( 2000 -- 2003 ) in 2000 long-time band mates michael eriksen ( vocals ) and brothers mats ( guitar ) and truls haugen ( drums ) were joined by keyboard player espen storø and glen cato møllen on bass to form circus maximus .
10	track listing personnel john cafiero -- vocals jerry only -- bass dez cadena -- lead guitar ivan julian -- rhythm guitar marky ramone -- drum cover songs among the songs on the album are cover version of the title tracks from anime series astro boy and sailor moon , and the rossano brazzi film the christmas that almost was n't .
17	personnel barry gibb - lead vocals , guitar robin gibb - vocals maurice gibb - vocals , bass blue weaver - keyboards , synthesiser , piano dennis bryon - drums joe lala - percussion cover versions also the song was recorded by the rare earth and originally written by the bee gees for it .
17	morris '' b.b. '' dickerson ( born 3 august 1949 , torrance , california ) was the bass player for the 1970s latin -- funk group war , and before that the creators .
57	track listing ; digital download -- '' non me lo so spiegare '' ( 2004 ) personnel ; music credits michele canova -- arrangements , rhythmic programming , keyboards leonardo di angilla -- percussions tiziano ferro -- vocals , composer andrea fontana -- drums cristian rigano -- rhodes piano , acoustic piano , keyboards pino saracini -- bass davide tagliapietra -- guitars ; production credits michele canova -- prudcer , engineer , mixing sandro franchin -- additional engineer mara maionchi -- producer alberto salerno -- producer charts laura pausini cover laura pausini recorded the song as a duet with tiziano ferro for her 2006 's album io canto .
7	with the interplay of two guitars , bass , cello , and more prominent female vocals , scrabbling at the lock marked a turn toward melodic song structures that incorporated elements of free improvisation in the ex 's music .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo : music as with many works of georg philipp telemann , but rare in bach 's cantatas , the bible quotation is split in two movements , a duet and a chorus which follows immediately in a different time and faster tempo .
23	yevgeny nesterenko ( 2008 ) yevgeny yevgenievich nesterenko ( евгений евгеньевич нестеренко , born 8 january 1938 ) is a renowned russian opera bass .
4	charlie haden plays wah-wah bass on the title track , while frank lowe 's tenor evokes a blues influence .
44	the line-up included former wizzard and move member rick price ( pedal steel guitar ) , alongside bob wilson ( trombone ) , billy paul ( alto and baritone saxes ) , paul robbins ( keyboard , backing vocals ) , graham gallery ( bass ) , and dave donovan ( drum ) .
39	critical reception brian wahlert of country standard time criticized some of the songs on 4 runner for '' cop ( ying ) the worst pop elements '' of the oak ridge boys , but said that the presence of bass singer jim chapman gave the material a '' fresh sound .
5	powers played all instruments ( bass , guitar , drums , keyboard ) , recorded , produced , mixed , and engineered the album himself in his apartment in nashville , tennessee .
3	george duvivier -- bass art taylor -- drums january 13 , 1955 , side a track 5 and side b tracks 1-5 .
11	andreas pruys ( born in kleve ) is a german classical bass singer .
35	track list personnel stewart brown guitar , vocals b.j . cole dobro , guitar , pedal steel , cello , steel guitar mick grabham organ , guitar , piano , keyboards , vocals rick wills bass , vocals john '' sly '' wilson percussion , drums , vocals hipgnosis photography , cover design john stewart engineer hugh fielder liner notes reception richie unterberger of allmusic wrote that cochise '' treads an uneasy line between eclectic diversity and a lack of direction '' and is '' distinguished just slightly by a more country-ish flavor than the norm ( early 1970s british rock ) , courtesy of cole 's pedal steel '' .
12	kelly co-founded kingfish in 1973 with new riders of the purple sage bass player dave torbert and fellow san francisco bay area musicians robbie hoddinott , chris herold , and mick ward .
41	concert the lineup of the grateful dead for this concert -- and for all their concerts from july 1972 to october 1974 -- was jerry garcia on guitar and vocals , bob weir on guitar and vocals , phil lesh on bass and vocals , keith godchaux on keyboards , donna jean godchaux on vocals , and bill kreutzmann on drums .
37	the group was the most commercially successful of the acoustic era , and at the peak of their popularity , between about 1911 and 1917 , also featured tenor henry burr , baritone arthur collins , and bass john meyer .
14	members dave chandler - guitar , vocals ( saint vitus ) ron holzner - bass ( trouble , place of skulls , novembers doom ) jimmy bower - drum ( superjoint ritual , eyehategod , down ) discography albums debris inc. .
29	the lineup consists of rebecca frazier ( née hoggan ) on guitar , john frazier on mandolin and occasionally fiddle , kyle tuttle on banjo , royal masat on bass , and shad cobb on fiddle .
22	chris warlow ( vocals / guitar / synthesizer ) cez mathias ( vocals / guitar / drum machine ) fudge wilson ( bass ) .
7	living loud was a recording project featuring bass player and songwriter bob daisley , uriah heep drummer lee kerslake , guitar steve morse of deep purple and cold chisel singer jimmy barnes .
25	a maxon pedal maxon is the name used by the nisshin onpa company of japan for its line of effects pedal designed for guitar and bass .
29	kim fowley brings ann boleyn to hollywood in 1976 , while still a teenager in high school , producer kim fowley recruited her to join the runaways as the bass player .
1	personnel bass -- munja mitić drums -- šeki gayton rhythm ) -- sejo sexon guitar ( solo ) -- mujo snažni lead vocals -- dr. nele karajlić organ , keyboards -- seid mali karajlić saxophone , flute -- ogi gajić rerelease the album was re-released in 1999 by nimfa sound label from sarajevo .