128	the album features akon , ashanti , babyface , ben jelen , bilal , bonnie mckee , bonnie raitt , brandy , claudette ortiz , don yute , eric clapton , ellie lawson , emmylou harris , everclear , eve , fabolous , faith evans , farena , floetry , freckles , jadakiss , jamie foxx , jaheim , jon b , julia fordham , jurassic 5 , kristine w , lady saw , lenny kravitz , mary j. blige , marques houston , matt nathanson , mc lyte , monica , miri ben-ari , missy elliott , mr. north , musiq , mystic , nate dogg , of a revolution , omarion , raphael saadiq , rev run , res , russell simmons , $ 5 , seal , the latin kings , tracy edmonds , wayne wonder , wyclef jean and yoko ono .
19	28 february - at the 38th annual grammy awards in los angeles : trevor horn ( producer ) & seal win record of the year for '' kiss from a rose '' .
8	city logo the st. catharines logo ( or seal ) performs much the same function as a coat of arms .
2	the state seal of azad kashmir was adopted in 1975 and symbolizes the state 's ideological foundation , the basis of its heritage and its guiding principles .
13	2013 -- present in april 2013 , connie mitchell was a mentor to seal 's artists on the australian version of the voice .
44	the population in 2002 was the indigenous population ( from 1872 to the 1950s when it was resettled to the mainland ) consisted of about 50 -- 300 nenetses who subsisted mainly on fishing , trapping , reindeer herding , polar bear hunting and seal hunting .
30	another of the tracks on still waters is performed with the south african group , ladysmith black mambazo , and '' ca n't stop the river '' was written by seal .
21	it has the sound of an early 1990s dance hit , and the song has been compared to the music by seal and adamski .
9	the inspiration for the dannebrog pennant was a 13th-century seal used by erik abelsøn , duke of schleswig .
15	assynt is renowned for having diverse wildlife and achmelvich is no exceptions with cetacean , seal , basking shark , otter , pine marten , osprey and white-tailed eagle having been seen in the area .
8	it is thus a device that provides a seal between a stationary supply passage ( such as pipe or tubing ) and a rotating part ( such as a drum , cylinder , or spindle ) to permit the flow of a fluid into and/or out of the rotating part .
5	the company bought and processed seal and whale oil from christensen vessels .
11	monheim was awarded its town rights shortly after and the oldest seal of the town dates from 1340 .
2	władysław 's seal , dated to 1317 .
54	the model asserts these people made the crossing in small boats , using skills similar to those of the modern inuit people : hauling out on ice floes at night ; collecting fresh water from melting icebergs or the first-frozen parts of sea ice ; hunting seals and fish for food ; and using seal blubber as heating fuel .
2	a faience seal and a block naming an osorkon with throne name aakheperre , were for a long time attributed to osorkon iv ; however , this attribution has been criticized by frederic payraudeau in 2000 , who pointed out that those objects more likely referred to osorkon the elder .
10	culleenamore is a diverse animal habitat , and also a seal sanctuary .
27	paramyxoviruses are also responsible for a range of diseases in other animal species , for example canine distemper virus ( dog ) , phocine distemper virus ( seal ) , cetacean morbillivirus ( dolphin and porpoise ) , newcastle disease virus ( birds ) , and rinderpest virus ( cattle ) .
11	he was also the first catalonian count to have his own seal , imitating the carolingian emperors and the frankish kings in style .
13	soul 2 is the eighth studio album by british soul / b singer seal .
22	'' '' the stripped-down approach works well throughout the plaintive ballad ` believe in me ' , which sounds like a low-tech seal song .
14	it is theorised that they benefit from the actions of diving predators such as seal and penguin which push prey up towards the surface while hunting , allowing the surface feeding storm petrels to reach them .
13	in the period that enguerrand founded his order , he chose a new seal .
8	industries in kangiqsualujjuaq include hunting of caribou , seal and beluga whale , arctic char fishing , and the production of inuit art .
5	the flexible nature of this seal allows pressure effects to cross the barrier but not the material being contained .
11	activity in the region flourished as trading in sea otter and seal boomed .
21	waterfowl and shorebirds occupy the bay during all but the winter season , while waterbirds and marine mammals including otter , seal , porpoise , and whale remain in the bay all year .
41	in 1994 , the song '' how do you stop '' , that he co-wrote with dan hartman for james brown 's 1986 album gravity was covered by joni mitchell on her album turbulent indigo in a version featuring vocals by seal .
27	the river 's name means wolf river in french and may have come from a native tribe known as '' les loups '' or from the many seal , known in french as loup-marin , once found at the river 's mouth .
12	he became tutor to the young king , guardian of the royal seal and a key adviser to queen margaret , while guillaume was appointed abbot of a monastery near maletto .
12	parts body - usually natural or light color dyed from rabbit , seal , and muskrat .
10	animals such as shark , stingray , weever fish , seal and jellyfish can sometimes present a danger .
10	the clerk also was the custodian of the court 's seal , which is used to authenticate copies of the court 's order , judgments and other records .
19	on march 10 , 2012 , the soul rebels shared the stage with kanye west , snoop dogg and seal at brad pitt 's night to make it right foundation new orleans after-party , hosted by comedian aziz ansari .
9	present-day provinces of thailand this list includes all the seal of the provinces of thailand .
15	other notable british artists in pop music include ; spice girls , george michael , seal , leona lewis , one direction , ed sheeran and robbie williams .
11	producers such as trevor horn ( frankie goes to hollywood , seal , etc. ) , martin hannet ( the stone roses , joy division , etc. ) and arthur baker ( bruce springsteen , bob dylan , kraftwerk , al green ) all visited spirit to record and produce their work .
7	pingu 's friends robby is a gray seal .
7	other decorative touches include the city 's seal on brass doorknobs and intricately molded plaster cornice .
15	name sæl is the pre-1917 reform bokmål version of the norwegian word sel , meaning seal .
0	seal of alexander ii , king of scots .
42	sightseeing saw rob hit his peak as a singer , writer and producer , bringing together his rocking live band and a host of top guest 's including , guitarist steve harris ( gary numan ) , keyboard player richard cottle ( seal ) , and percussionist miles bould ( sting ) .
22	despite all this , titan has a flourishing arctic ecosystem , apparently at the top of which is a clawed , blubbery seal - like native race of infant-like intelligence .
1	( seal ) ( 1963-1981 ) sold to stapletask ltd , sittingbourne , kent , england .
9	he is also known to have bore a waxen seal which depicted a sailing ship on one side and a lion on the other .
13	bryan adams deep purple kim wilde wadaiko yamato abba mania jean michel jarre seal sting vanessa-mae australian pink floyd show lord of the dance andrea bocelli carmen kool & the gang tiësto enrique iglesias scorpions buena vista faithless eros ramazzotti elton john 50 cent references external links gallery image : steelarena3 .