11	the rare performance of '' system '' featured jonathan davis playing bass while singing , and was later released exclusively on korn 's digital ep # 2 .
27	martin was persuaded by harvey and then further developed '' clocks '' while other band members supplemented their ideas based on the main piano track , adding bass and drums .
27	for the project the members of lazlo bane switched instruments and took pseudonym : dino ( chicken ) - vocals , fuzzy ( tim bright ) - bass , licks ( chad fischer ) - drums , and stixx ( chris link ) - guitar .
17	jason matthew thirsk ( december 25 , 1967 -- july 29 , 1996 ) was the former bass player of the california punk rock band pennywise who grew up in hermosa beach , california .
15	post-breakup drummer andy hurley became a member of fall out boy alongside occasional racetraitor fill-in bass player pete wentz .
12	when meisner quit the band in 1970 , schmit replaced him on bass and lead vocals .
44	members line-up before band break-up qualcast '' koffee perkulator '' mutilator ( pete lee ) - vocals concorde faceripper ( steve nesfield ) - guitar schizo rotary sprintmaster ( gavin ` paddy ' o'malley ) - guitar mightymo destructimo ( chris parkes ) - bass explodin ' dr jaggers flymo ( chris flint ) - drums former members ( as lawnmower deth ) baron kev von thresh meister silo stench chisel '' is it time for my dinner yet ?
18	they helped set the template for subsequent rock bands such as the beatles , with their guitar - bass - drums arrangements and tendency to write their own material .
16	on november 1 , 2006 , phil cobrea announced that he would no longer be playing bass in this providence .
49	additional musicians harry applebaum - organ ( 1 ) phil mathieu - guitar ( 2 , 9 ) chris phinney - loops ( 2 ) anti gravity workshop - loops ( 3 , 11 ) \* buzzsaw & the shavings - loops ( 3 ) \* john nazdin - bass ( 4 , 5 ) robbie magruder - drum loops ( 4 , 5 ) cystem - guitar ( 7 , 8 , 11 ) \* phil mathieu - guitar ( excerpt from '' chamber music with guitar '' ) ( 9 ) carolyn hyun ha oh - flute ( excerpt from '' chamber music with guitar '' ) ( 9 ) dan henderson - cello ( excerpt from '' chamber music with guitar '' ) ( 9 ) \* remixed for the tapegerm collective credits gabriella fabbri ( duchessa/stock .
33	the recording took place at sear sound studios , new york , in collaboration with such musicians as ryan kisor ( trumpet ) , igor butman ( saxophone ) , ugonna okegwo ( bass ) and gene jackson ( drums ) .
9	'' galaxy of the lost '' features drums , bass , pedal steel and string arrangements from omaha musicians nate walcott and the faint 's drummer clark baechle , as well as backing vocals from emmy the great .
32	track listing personnel duke pearson - piano , electric piano burt collins , joe shepley ( tracks 1-7 ) - trumpet kenny rupp - trombone hermeto pascoal - flute , guitar , bass ( tracks 1-7 ) jerry dodgion ( track 8 ) .
43	in 1989 , what became the final jazz messengers lineup was established : brian lynch on trumpet , javon jackson and dale barlow on tenors , steve davis and/or frank lacy on trombone , geoff keezer on piano and essiet okon essiet on bass .
23	the musicians for the original 1964 recording were : hancock ( piano ) , freddie hubbard ( cornet ) , ron carter ( bass ) and tony williams ( drums ) .
2	he played bass for a three-piece jazz combo for a few years , but he eventually got a spot playing rhythm guitar for otis rush .
13	personnel dave brubeck -- piano paul desmond -- alto saxophone eugene wright -- bass joe morello -- drums cover versions 1962 -- swedish singer monica zetterlund 1962 -- french singer richard anthony ( '' ne boude pas '' ) 1963 -- antonio diaz '' chocolate '' mena ( eso es latin jazz ... man !
22	camp meeting is the tenth studio album by american pianist and singer bruce hornsby , who was joined by christian mcbride ( bass ) and jack dejohnette ( drums ) .
14	the album presents a live performance of pianist keith jarrett with gary peacock on bass and jack de johnette on drums , recorded on july 2 , 1985 in paris , at the palais des congrès studios de la grande armée , the second of a two-night engagement at that venue .
9	chamber of horrors includes charleston noir , for four bass ; chamber of horrors , for harp ( 1995 ) , played by alice giles ; still life , for viola and piano ( 2001 ) ; gypsy ramble , for viola , cello and piano ( 1996 ) ; wild rice , for cello ( 1996 ) ; and velvet revolution , for horn , violin and piano ( 1999 ) .
34	since its inception , the band has comprised singers jānis šipkēvics , andris sējāns ( both countertenor ) , juris lisenko ( tenor ) , jānis ozols ( baritone ) , jānis strazdiņš ( bass ) and reinis sējāns ( rhythm ) .
16	the work is scored for five vocal parts , two soprano , alto , tenor and bass , and an orchestra of three trumpets , timpani , corno da caccia , two flauti traversi , two oboes , two oboes d'amore , two bassoons , two violins , viola , and basso continuo .
41	ivan rebroff ivan rebroff ivan rebroff ( 31 july 1931 27 february 2008 ) was a german singer , allegedly of russian ancestry , with an extraordinary vocal range of four and a half octave , ranging from the soprano to bass registers .
5	the parts for tenor and bass are missing .
19	composition the piece is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto or contralto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two flute , piccolo , two oboe , two clarinet in b-flat , two bassoon , four horns , two trumpet in c , three trombone , tuba , strings , timpani , four percussionists , two harp , and pianoforte .
39	the first catholic hymnbook published in the united states came from philadelphia in 1787 , entitled litanies and vesper hymns and anthems as they are sung in the catholic church ; this collection included music scored for treble and bass , with later editions adding a third vocal section , and used highly ornamented plainchant themes in the mass and hymns .
5	) was a german operatic bass .
17	scoring and structure the work is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two flute , two oboe , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
14	herbert wilson beattie ( born august 23 , 1926 ) is an american operatic bass and voice teacher .
18	richard leveridge ( or leueridge ) ( 19 july 1670 -- 22 march 1758 ) was an english bass singer of the london stage and a composer of baroque music , including many popular songs .