19	his first single was '' i wanna lick the pussy '' ( 1994 ) , which became a regional club hit without the assistance of radio airplay .
17	logistics typically , the audience capacity for a house concert is smaller than at a coffeehouse or club .
16	description tales depict the dagda as a figure of immense power , armed with a magic club and associated with a cauldron .
50	in 1807 , gibraltar merchants had founded a library in bedlam court , as they were denied membership of the garrison library , it being available only to members of the british garrison in the city ( the garrison library functioned not only as a library , but as a club , owned and run by and for military officers ; civilians were excluded , regardless of their prominence ) .
24	killed in : '' ice cold killa '' jizzy b. is the biggest pimp in san fierro , the owner of the pleasure domes club and a member of the loco syndicate .
16	the european-influenced music is layered and textured with many music modalities , differing from their past club - oriented albums .
16	animaritime is an anime and gaming convention founded by members of the mount allison university anime club .
21	linda now travels all over the nation and around the world for her performances making appearances in numerous casino venues , club venues and outdoor festival venues .
18	the band 's popularity increased when they were asked to play a two-week stint at ronnie scott 's club in london , opening for chick corea , a run that was eventually lengthened to three weeks .
7	bk děčín is a czech professional basketball club based in the city of děčín .
5	a film society is a club where people can watch screenings of films which would otherwise not be shown in mainstream cinema .
21	she approached ades and asked him if he would be willing to transform '' i begin to wonder '' from a club song to a pop song .
1	the club was established on february 22 , 2008 by a small group of trek enthusiasts in chennai , india .
9	it is a hip hop song with influences of club music , and is backed by a looped production containing elements of synthesizer and string instrument , and a repetitive bassline .
8	stewarts & lloyds corby a.f.c. is a football club based in corby , northamptonshire , england .
21	before their adoption of guns , the plains indians hunted with spear , bows and arrows , and various forms of club .
2	private member club were not exempted .
12	the latter would later be sampled for the 2005 dance radio and club hit '' love on my mind '' by the freemasons featuring amanda wilson .
101	a partial list of such titles includes personal title , such as lord , knight , right honourable , indicating an earned or inherited rank or position within a formal power structure ; command rank , such as captain , sergeant , etc. , indicating likewise a very specific position in a command hierarchy , e.g. police rank or military rank ; an academic degree or professional designation such as phd , p.eng or m.d. , whether this be purely honorary or symbolic , or associated with credentials attesting to specific competence , learning , or skills ; labor union and club memberships ; persons allowed access to specific areas during special events , such as concerts and shows ; citizenship , as in the case of passport and birth certificate .
9	grand army of the republic hall is a historic club building located at johnstown , cambria county , pennsylvania .
4	there are currently 31 club and only 14 courses , compared with the hundreds which existed before .
13	the four had met in 2001 after a live show in a magdeburg club , where listing and schäfer , who knew each other from music school , watched from the audience while bill and tom kaulitz played on the stage .
11	while at its simplest the throwing stick is just a heavy club thrown at the game , a well designed throwing stick uses the principles of an airfoil shape and gyroscopic stability ; the oldest of these dates back 200,000 years to ancient poland .
30	kim and chae were forced to work for 14 hours a day ; if they did n't work well , they were beaten by an iron bar or an wooden club .
22	within minutes , a north korean guard truck crossed the bridge and approximately 20 more north korean guards disembarked carrying crowbar and club .
19	thematically , the album 's subject matter mostly concerns self-aggrandisement , sex , social commentary , and '' the club '' .
42	the editorial column of the first issue sided clearly against fascism : luigi pirandello , for his devotion to benito mussolini , was one of becco giallo satirical target , and used to be called p. randello ( randello in italian means club ) .
4	other spelling pronunciations are club pronounced , iceberg pronounced in spain ( in american spanish , it 's pronounced ) , and folclor and folclore as translations of folklore , pronounced and .
4	tipstaves ( the short club after which the office is named ) on display at bedford museum history crossed tipstaffs within a wreath - rank of police assistant chief constable or commander in the uk the office of the tipstaff is thought to have been created in the 14th century .
5	types newsletters are published by club , churches , societies , associations , and businesses -- especially companies -- to provide information of interest to members , customers , or employees .
24	these include a coles supermarket , tavern , restaurant , general practitioner , dentist , bp service station , fire station , rugby union club , child care and several other businesses .
14	relatively unknown outside their home country , they have had international success with the club track , '' helium '' .
18	when his band dissolved , alen started playing football in jedinstvo from bihać , then a second league club .
16	it features news and creative input from all sections of the school community , including regular club reports and interviews with famous former pupils .
49	other artists who have used samples from wright 's 1975 -- 81 recordings include dilated peoples , atmosphere , infamous mobb , t.i. and armand van helden , the last of whom incorporated part of '' comin ' apart '' ( from the right place ) in his 2004 club hit '' my my my '' .
43	the subsequent singles '' in your eyes '' , '' love at first sight '' and '' come into my world '' were successful throughout the world , and minogue established a presence in the mainstream north american market , particularly in the club scene .
33	the parcel , over and containing a great deal of wooded and undeveloped land , wetlands , a tennis court , and a sarasota school of architecture structure that served as a private club or recreation lounge for a bay front home opposite it on bay shore road that was sold separately from the house and held for a long time by a developer .
36	like nearly all delerium singles to date since '' silence '' , the single release put greater emphasis on a number of trance remix commissioned by nettwerk music group in order to promote the song through club play .
17	she instituted book talk , monthly program meetings , a story hour and a variety of other club .
15	typical amenities offered can include one or more swimming pool tennis court community centre or club golf course marina on-site dining playground exercise rooms including workout machines spa around the world ` protective ' spikes in ` security-zone ' communities trinity west , one of the few gated subdivisions in trinity , florida , u.s. in brazil , the most widespread form of gated community is called '' condomínio fechado '' ( closed housing estate ) and is the object of desire of the upper classes .
5	stotfold f.c. is a football club based at stotfold , bedfordshire , england .
8	conway was talent-spotted while playing in a london club , signed to emi 's columbia label and spent the mid-1950s providing backing for artists on their roster , including gracie fields and joan regan .
40	opus dei supporter william o'connor wrote that a person 's spiritual life is a private matter , and that the practice of not divulging membership lists is common to many organizations such as trade union , hospitals , schools and club .
17	thornhill joined the prodigy along with keith flint after they met liam howlett at a local rave club .
12	this stone has been used by the great basin tribes for war club and pipes that are jet black with a high gloss when polished .
21	the second single was '' breathe '' , which reached number 36 on the hot 100 and became a top five club hit .
22	ann siang road , which has elegantly restored shophouses today , was once the traditional home of clan associations and exclusive social club .
23	he did not quit performing musically , but began to cover songs that started a career with a recurring gig at the brooklyn club , casablanca .
12	in order to pay the rental fees , cartwright organized a ball club so that he could collect the needed money .
4	she danced in small club along hollywood 's sunset strip , introducing herself to performers , managers , and agents .
10	in essence , it is a short stave or wooden club thrown as a projectile to hunt small game such as rabbits or waterfowl .
11	career silva started producing house music in 1992 , just as club culture was getting established in lisbon .
20	in 1994 , his single '' eighteen strings '' also written as '' 18 strings '' , became an international club hit .
7	the stones can shoot out of his club , killing enemies .
13	in the netherlands , eye-d and dj hidden are frequent guests at underground club nights prspct and smackdown .
14	sky media limited originally formed to investigate the possibility of beaming sports programming into club and pub using high performance 4 metre satellite dishes by jarvis and an engineering associate brian green but was redirected into pay television following successful bidding in 1990 for four groups of uhf frequencies in the auckland , hamilton and tauranga region .
10	a stock example is 倶楽部 ( kurabu ) for '' club '' , where the characters can be interpreted loosely in sequence as '' together '' , '' fun '' and '' place '' .
16	'' some of the songs are concerned with a sense of paranoia and alienation in british club culture .
1	a club version of the song was later released featuring eminem and mos def .
41	major themes the place that dane visits in his dream or his supernatural and time-expanding experience , as james cleverly does n't specify seems a combination of retreat house , convent , country home , hotel , spa , resort and club .
6	new brighton a.f.c. is a soccer club in christchurch , new zealand .
17	'' just dance '' also has influences of b and lyrically speaks about being intoxicated at a club .
25	to strengthen the catholic education offered by the college , the legion of mary , the solidarity of our lady , and the catechists ' club were organized in the 1960 's .
8	the large number of sailing events organized by club and syndicate , like oceanic races and typical boats ( wooden fishing boats and canoe ) races , demonstrates the sport 's growing force .
21	clwb ifor bach on womanby street clwb ifor bach ( , ) is a cardiff nightclub , music venue , welsh-language club and community centre .
19	marching two-step were a local gigging band for a few years , but never managed to grow beyond the club scene .
27	nick littlemore of the australian electorock outfit , empire of the sun , lends a hand on the production , which gives the song a retro synthpop club feel .
21	as weapons , the zulu warrior carried the iklwa stabbing spear ( losing one could result in execution ) and a club or cudgel fashioned from dense hardwood known in zulu as the iwisa , usually called the knobkerrie in english , for beating an enemy in the manner of a mace .
35	'' during the rolling stone interview , he spoke about if the first two singles were representative of the direction of the album , saying : '' i feel like it 's representative of the club side of the album but i 'm really trying to give people all sides of me .
40	association with wushu/kung fu the chinese lion dance ( especially the taiwanese lion , 臺灣獅 ) has close relations to kung fu or wǔshù ( 武術 ) and the dancers are usually martial art members of the local kung fu club or school .
26	in 2005 , the dance music took place on a second stage on the saturday only and in 2006 it took place off site at a club on the saturday night .
7	) was described more as a dance-pop club hit than as a christmas song even peaking at number-one on the romanian top 100 .
20	fort nelson chapter of the daughters of the american revolution chapter house is a historic daughters of the american revolution club located at portsmouth , virginia .
22	a listings magazine is a magazine which contains information about the upcoming week 's events such as broadcast programming , music , club , theatre and film information ; examples include time out magazine in the uk , tv hebdo ( québec ) in canada , and tv guide in the us .
25	the sport klub windhoek , also known as sk windhoek , skw , and cymot skw due to sponsorship reasons , is a namibia sports club based in windhoek .
14	nautical athletical organization of mati attika ( abbreviation : naoma ) is a sailing club located in mati , in the eastern part of the attica region in greece .
1	in club play she was a member of the 2001 golden west team that won the winter junior nationals , and was named mvp of the tournament .
10	these places include airport , shopping mall , park , club , supermarket , campus , and other popular locations .
2	the current club structure was built in 1960 .
5	she is in the drama club at her real world school , and she is often singing songs from rent .
7	they then began to build up a club reputation as a tight , close harmony band and in 1966 , finding themselves in the middle of the 1960s swinging london scene , they decided to update their image and instrumentation .
25	steve beckett , co-owner of warp , has said that the electronic music the label was releasing at that point was targeting a post - club , home-listening audience .
19	musical career supafly is best known for 2005 's '' let 's get down '' - which was a club hit around the world and used by the australia television network fox8 as their summer theme song ; and for '' moving too fast '' in late 2006 , which sampled from the phil collins ' hit '' another day in paradise '' .
7	due to his increasing popularity in the club scene and especially in the gay community , he was hailed as the '' hottest dj of 2005 '' by out magazine in their june issue .
13	the fraternal order of eagles building is a historic fraternal order of eagles club located in richmond , virginia .
12	originally , raw stylus released white label vinyl records into the london club scene in the early 1990s .
14	featuring the vocals of tracy ackerman , '' everytime '' proved to be a club hit , due to the balearic trance interpretation by nalin & kane , who had earlier in the year had enjoyed crossover success with '' beachball '' .
19	his first success was his remix of dj sakin 's '' protect your mind '' , which became a club track .
13	after a spell as a catwalk model , she scored a number of club hits after recording with the group the biz in 1983 .
15	the song peaked at # 4 in the uk singles chart , and became a club favorite .
11	he moved to the us for a solo career on the club circuit , encouraged by the likes of wilson pickett and sam & dave , playing las vegas with the righteous brothers .
16	in 1995 , white faced criminal charges of possessing deadly weapons , a knife and a club , distributing obscene material , and attempting to escape from police custody , arising out of the distribution of political leaflets .
31	affiliated clubs of the students ' association the students ' association ( s.a. ) organises a sponsored walk each year to raise funds for financing the activities of its 53 affiliated club , which are grouped under six unions : arts union , science union , sports union , music union , recreation union and service union .
10	the park is the official ground for the association football club cwmfelin press a.f.c . the park also has a playplace where young children can play .
20	singles in april 2006 , a remix of '' no hay igual '' featuring calle 13 was issued as a club single in the us .
9	many of them contributed to the growth of the club over the years .
11	extras were used as background dancers to create a sort of club atmosphere .
8	after a four year stint on philadelphia 's club circuit , they recruited a new lead vocalist , george williams in 1960 , and changed their name to the tymes .
35	1991 's queer would be the band 's swansong , and was supported by various techno inspired singles under the moniker of ( in the uk ) to disguise the identity of the band to club djs .
15	energy 92.7 & 101.1 knrj 's dance music product included house , trance , and club music , as well as remixes of pop and r&b hits .
29	unlike list pr , stv can be used in elections in organizations without any political parties at all , such as in municipal non-partisan elections , trade union , club , and school .
10	a mace is a blunt weapon , a type of club or virge that uses a heavy head on the end of a handle to deliver powerful blows .
20	jockey slut was a british music magazine which ran between 1993 and 2004 , focusing mainly on dance music and club culture .
6	his weapon of choice is a club but he is dangerous with every weapon .
22	backyard and garden railways if the ride is on track , and especially if the service is provided by a non-commercial hobbyist club , the train may be an exact scale model , often with a live steam locomotive .
12	design the morning star is a medieval weapon consisting of a spiked club resembling a mace , usually with a long spike extending straight from the top and many smaller spikes around the particle of the head .
1	their club concept is ingeniously simple and effective : the drummers lay their rhythm on the basics of the dj , through this they change any style into a new and original element .
6	'' he used both professional and club - oriented amplifiers and monitors to minimize harmonic distortion and maintain flying lotus ' minimalist aesthetic , which , along with his need to find a quiet mental space , inspired the album 's title : '' i wanted to set people up to this idea , before they even heard it , that the quiet was a key word in the whole thing ... ( a ) part of pulling it back is some kind of growing up .
9	his iconographic attributes are the lion skin and the club .
19	cj bolland contributed a mix of '' in your blood '' on bford9 and '' fetish '' was a club hit in both the uk and the us .
13	ibadan is also home to the legendary shooting stars fc a professional football club .
6	he wields a large , spiked club .
19	the dennisons advanced from learning the ravens ' chord patterns , to building a local reputation at the bicc club in melling , liverpool .
17	they have also found in the dwellings well-preserved tools such as iron axe and sickle , wooden club , pottery urn and jars of preserved crops .
17	as the team scholar , computer are listed her strong point ; she even belongs to the club at school .
32	the two have collaborated since 1993 under a variety of names , including axis , hitch hiker & jacques dumondt , and mike stone & steve heller , and have scored major club hits internationally , including a re-make of john paul young 's '' love is in the air '' .
24	slow ballads and r & b songs can be remixed by techno producers and djs in order to give the song appeal to the club scene and to urban radio .
12	glassshrimp is a london based collective which publishes a magazine ; promotes club nights and presents a weekly radio show on resonance 104.4fm ( london ) which all feature independent musician , artist , writer and performer .
17	an addition expansion was in 1896 , and the house reconstructed in 1933 for use as a club , at which time the property was converted to a 9-hole golf course .
15	a notable project for grey prior to joining inner city was the chicago house 12-inch club hit '' do n't make me jack ( tonite i wanna house you ) '' on housetime records .
37	these early april 1912 general elections were known infamously as the '' election of clubs '' ( ) after the beating of opposition ( freedom and accord ) candidates for the chamber of deputies with weapons like club and sticks as well being marred by electoral fraud and violence in favor of the cup .
15	marshall field and company clubhouse , also known as fieldcrest lodge , is a historic club located at fieldale , henry county , virginia .
5	it has several sub-councils and club , each presided over by convener , also from the faculty members .
11	eventually , he started making real music and began playing at club .
12	minawo was formed in 1999 after matsuura and yamaguchi met in a club while both were attending university of kitakyushu .
8	in the meantime , two men armed with club and net wait in the foyer to ensnare him , as three more men also watch from over the balcony .
6	'' freeloader '' became a worldwide club hit and reached mainstream chart success in the uk , germany , belgium and the netherlands .
6	it stated that often when the club offered promotions with gimmicks , dancers would be required to work without payment .
20	in june 1993 , deandrea 's remixed version of '' secret love '' was released , it became a uk club hit and peaked at no. 41 .
17	chains were frequently decorated with a silver or enamel pendant , often carrying the arms of some club or society , which by association also became known as a fob .
22	'' in the song risingson on massive attack 's mezzanine album , the singer apparently appeals to his company to leave the club they 're in , deriding the common persons ' infatuation with them , and implying that he 's about to slide into antisocial behaviour : in an episode of this american life , radio host ira glass uses the term hoi polloi while relaying a story about a woman who believes the letter ` q ' should occur later in the alphabet .
17	resistance symbols like the flags or the weapons used by the peasants , in particular their typical club with nails on the hitting end ( called ( bauern - ) knüttel ) , were outlawed , confiscated , and destroyed .
15	guitar slim , jr. , has worked for many years around the new orleans blues club circuit , and his repertoire became more reliant on his father 's material .
11	a banquet photo is a photograph typically in a hotel or club banquet room from a high angle where foreground to background each person is in focus while seated at their table .
12	there are usually extensive childcare facilities such as a crèche and various club to keep youngsters occupied , enabling parents to follow their own pursuits .
61	northern soul and breakthrough their first release came in the form of '' colour my life '' , a limited white label pressing which got them some recognition , but it was the first official single '' how can i love you more ? '' that gave them their first top 30 hit and a following in and around the manchester club scene , where pickering was still dj-ing .
11	in the 1940s , she appeared at the b & c club as a tap dancer , amidst other artists such as john lee hooker .
8	truncheons probably developed as a marriage between the club or military mace and the staff of office / sceptre .
24	before that , they were known for a track called '' do what you want '' ( 1990 ) that got a lot of club and dj play in new york and chicago .
19	the twins have also participated in several fashion show , performance art pieces , gay pride parade , and club appearances from los angeles to new york city and across the atlantic , some of these have been fundraisers for aids charities and organizations .
25	though '' take away '' was not a success on radio , '' 4 my people '' went on to become an american and european club hit due to a popular remix by house music duo basement jaxx in 2002 .
10	after teaching each day he spent his time playing in club .
6	unlike chuck , junior carries a club that gives his attacks further reach .
32	this was followed by further singles on several record label , but with little commercial success , although '' you busted my mind '' later became successful on the uk's northern soul club circuit .
14	the condemned were lashed to the wheel and their limbs were beaten with a club or iron cudgel , with the gaps in the wheel allowing the limbs to give way and break .
10	north america and europe a karaoke bar , restaurant , club or lounge is a bar or restaurant that provides karaoke equipment so that people can sing publicly , sometimes on a small stage .
7	the other three main bars were all club venues ; colours and the basement ( the two larger venues ) , and escape ( the smallest ) , were open most nights for a variety of music .
12	however , some biologists suggest that the structure more closely resembles a club .
19	each of them has a background in performing , dj , and being stylists within the underground new york club and fashion scenes .
23	in the same way , arthur manipulates friends such as dave of arthur 's haunt the private , if downmarket , '' winchester club '' ; the character of dave originally appeared on an irregular basis , but by series 3 , the three-way banter scenes between terry , arthur and dave ( sometimes simply arthur and dave ) became one of the show 's most popular elements with viewers , and such scenes were increased in regularity as a result .
12	the street contains numerous cafés , restaurants , shops , cinemas , club and hotel .
16	the flotilla was reported to be carrying ballistic vest , gas mask , night-vision goggles , club , and slingshot , although the unhrc report does not mention these items and in the turkish report on the israeli attack on the humanitarian aid convoy to gaza it states that all passengers and crew as well as the cargo were searched to international standards and no weapons were found , on the ships departing from turkey .
8	at cambridge jordan had formed a '' nationalist club '' , from which he was invited to join the short-lived british peoples party , a group of former british union of fascists members led by lord tavistock , heir to the duke of bedford .
29	in 2004 his single '' shine '' , re-creating a sample of the electric light orchestra 's 1979 track '' shine a little love '' , became an international club smash and was a top 20 hit on billboard's hot dance airplay chart in 2005 .
3	cyclopskin fight with club and bardiche .
5	/ ) social life different club and societies have been formed to organise different extracurricular activities inside the university .
8	the royal high school boasts many venerable sport club .
24	caicedo led different cultural movements in the city like the literary group '' los dialogantes '' ( those who speak ) , the cinema club of cali and the '' ojo con el cine '' magazine ( attention to the cinema ) .
12	the following year , khimki positioned itself among the top 10 basketball club in the nation of russia , guaranteeing a place in the european cup competition , the korać cup .
8	collaboration with martin 101 followed , then a club track with smokin ' jo and pete gleadhall ( pet shop boys ) called '' strip down ( nude ) '' , and several tracks fronting ichi ni san with harj and kriss darang .
1	the club was owned by his business manager , dan levy , sr. .
34	form ` kataore ' , mere pounamu ( 42cm x 12cm ) maori chief holding a mere weapon ( 1860 -- 1879 ) the mere is a , leaf shape , form of short club .
22	'' the src is responsible for a number of services offered to students and provides a variety of both academic and non-academic club through which students may become directly involved in bishop 's life .
26	they then use the tools to kill a leopard preying on them ; the next day , the main ape character , moon-watcher , uses a club to kill the leader of a rival tribe .
4	they are differentiated from club by their focus on exploring an issue or topic rather than on activities or socializing .
16	she was born in skewen , wales , and spent seven years performing in pub and club around south wales before being signed to rca records in 1975 .
23	the '82 us remix dub version was not widely available after its initial release , but the track remained much in demand by club dj and fans alike , and copies of the original 12 '' version fetched high prices .
6	clonakilty rfc is an irish rugby club .
18	the european system , known as '' matrix '' , is going to guide the color of the club , including of the facade , in constant change .
33	bernard courcelle 's leadership until bruno mégret 's scission dps is equipped with helmet and shield , gas mask , tear gas launchers , guns that fire rubber bullet , bulletproof vest , club , and gloves with lead weights .
4	the herkuleskeule ( hercules club ) is an important site in german-speaking political cabaret .
8	the troupe quickly became famous in the underground club culture of the lower east side - especially known for its trademark : '' bloodbags and beauty '' .
9	in his right hand the giant holds a knobbled club in length , and adding to the total height of the figure .
3	activities over 850 club in the uk are affiliate with it , with approximately 36,000 members .
2	when a club ( such as band , theatre , or any sport ) from a junior high enters a competition , it is placed with other schools in that same ranking .
23	shoaf 's nose was of '' such great length and breadth of nostril '' that his friends proclaimed they could '' form a club around it '' .
11	a member of the new york glitterati , she is a club / bar/restaurant staple known for her unique fashion sense .
20	history after beginning as a synth-pop duo ( having been compared to underworld ) , they have transitioned to creating club music .
41	contemporaries called him brazen , spiteful and violent , and it is reported that once , in the course of a difference of opinion with his chancellor -- archbishop ratbod of trier , no less -- zwentibold beat him with a club .
9	a boat sharing organization may be an association , club , cooperative or company .
8	esporte clube são martinho , is an amateur club of football , founded in 1939 , based in tatuí city , são paulo .
10	( 9 ) he continues to entertain on the australian club circuit during the summer months of the southern hemisphere .
26	wilbert augustus campbell ( 12 august 1931 19 may 2014 ) , known as count suckle , was a jamaica - born sound system operator and club owner who was influential in the development of ska and reggae music , and african-caribbean culture , in the united kingdom .
12	student life clubs and organizations westminster students can pick from over 70 club and organizations to become involved in on campus .
15	the term boliche , in argentina and uruguay , also refers to a disco , club , or bar .
6	although several of his tracks were club hits , he had limited chart success .
14	'' make love to me '' might also have returned marie to the u.s. club charts where '' run to me '' had reached # 27 , had helen reddy not covered the track for the u.s. market .
11	his band , avtomaticheskie udovletvoriteli , was a sort of underground club for dozen of local musicians , including kino 's late frontman , viktor tsoi , and tequilajazzz 's yevgeny fyodorov ( ) .
19	when his rifle jammed after the first shot , he closed in with rifle , using it as a club to break the stock over the head of the nearest moro and then , drawing his pistol , started in pursuit of the fleeing outlaws .
4	like many other specialty club under arba , the acba maintains a membership , awards sweepstakes points , provides special awards , publishes a newsletter and contributes to developing new standards .
15	in 2004 their piano - driven track '' alright '' became one of the biggest club hits to come out of ibiza , and in turn became a major dance smash across europe and in the united states , where it entered the billboard hot dance airplay chart at # 21 for the week ending december 18 , 2005 .
24	'' for his devotion to mussolini , the satirical magazine il becco giallo used to call him p. randello ( randello in italian means club ) .
21	it is considered one of the oldest neighborhoods in the city and home to lots of old landmark , and some club .
16	; epigonation / palitsa ( greek '' over the knee '' ; slavonic палица , '' club '' ) : a stiff diamond-shaped cloth that hangs on the right side of the body ; it is suspended by one corner from a strap drawn over the left shoulder .
13	developing from post-disco and synthpop , it is generally up-tempo music intended for club with the intention of being danceable but also suitable for contemporary hit radio .
11	the american rabbit breeders association ( arba ) is a national club for domestic rabbit and cavy breeder .
23	the epigonation ( greek : , literally meaning '' over the knee '' ) , or palitza ( russian : палица , '' club '' ) , is a vestment used in some eastern christian churches .
4	it was initially a club hit on the rave scene before crossing over into the pop chart .
13	parks and recreation smithfield features an art gallery , museum and an rsl club .
22	he moved from jackson , mississippi to new orleans and ultimately to chicago , although by the mid-1940s his appearances in blues club had dwindled away .
6	after short stints playing in a club band and the blind joe mendlebaum blues band , he became the drummer for organist / vocalist lee michaels .
13	the single reached the top twenty in multiple countries , and topped the club charts in the united kingdom .
8	bk inter bratislava is a slovak professional basketball club founded in 1962 in the city of bratislava .
6	there is no known formally constituted club so named .
31	clifford antone ( born october 27 , 1949 , port arthur , texas died may 23 , 2006 , austin , texas ) was the founder of the eponymous austin blues club and independent record label , as well as a mentor to stevie ray vaughan , jimmie vaughan and numerous other musicians .
6	the brotherhood of centurions is a club for which racewalkers are eligible who have completed a distance of 100 miles ( 160.9 km ) in britain within 24 hours .
21	their debut album control freaks , released two weeks after '' baby ( off the wall ) '' , became a club hit in the uk and achieved commercial success in the far east , which allowed the band to create their second album .
6	in 1970 , a local blues club opened and flynn was inspired by the music provided there by luther allison , johnny littlejohn and mighty joe young .
33	views because jesus had told peter to put down his sword in the garden of gethsemane ( ) , the circumcellions piously avoided bladed weapons and instead opted for the use of blunt club , which they called '' israelites .
23	next season 2009/2010 he played with paris fc french third division he moved to bosnia in summer 2011 to sign with top league club fk slavija sarajevo .
7	; ( ; , ) a twin club type armament used by louis xiv of hexagone francaise .
17	information peredy first history peredy is an american , metal , rock , acoustic , dance , club musical solo artist who started as a child and broke into the scene in salisbury , north carolina and is the first artist signed to crushing skulls records .
11	some of boötes 's stars were traditionally described as representing the club ( greek , κολλοροβος ) of boötes .
4	the academy which hosts club nights ( capacity 2,500 ) and gigs ( capacity 2,000 ) was opened in 2001 , and was the third academy venue in the uk .
5	glossary ; cobra : a club - like weapon made of steel with a bronze pyramid at the end .
25	other influences can be seen in the neon-bright opening credits and the retro song picks -- '' a mix of tension-ratcheting synthesizer tones and catchy club anthems that collectively give the film its consistent tone .
13	released on boy george 's more protein record label , it was a club success featuring remix from david morales her second single was '' love is a master of disguise '' , produced and mixed by dmc 's steve anderson , of brothers in rhythm .
28	originally built as a hotel , although it did brew its own beer as well , the star and garter has since been transformed into a pub and club venue , although due to its listed status there are still many restrictions on how the structure of the building can be altered .
98	technisches hilfswerk , steward , engineering fifth heating , air conditioning , ventilation ( 95,000 m ³ / h ) playing field : 105m x 68m ( 7140m ² ) scoreboard : 2x 45,36 m ² ( 1x = 3,5 t ( full color light-emitting diode ) ) capacity : 32,085 36,000 concert 21,030 seats 11,055 admissions 2000 guests ( variable seats ) , 71 ( television , radio , press ) , 56 wheelchair , only 700 ( '' 699 '' ) parking spaces 27,190 ( seating only ) , 18 suites , 1366 vip , 1 club , 1 promenade media gallery file : house stadium dresden 1900 .
40	release the author e professor pinto da costa at the release , in oporto , on july 2011 the book 's launch in the author 's hometown , took place in clube literário do porto ( literally '' oporto literary club '' ) , july 10 , with a presentation by professor pinto da costa .
9	biography he played guitar at theresa 's , a club in chicago , between 1974 and 1980 .
18	it remains an important link to home for isan migrants in the capital city , where mor lam club and karaoke bar act as meeting places for newcomers .
6	the 12th floor , or '' club floor '' , can only be accessed via specially programed room key .
15	with the singer and guitarist , troyce key , he bought eli 's mile high club in north oakland , california .
32	they sanction more than one thousand model competitions , and an increasing number of non-competitive fly-in events for member aeromodelers throughout the country each year , charter more than 2500 model airplane club and offer contest sanctioning , liability insurance and the procurement of flying sites .
2	lakhiganj bright club cum library is a popular recreational hub for the local youths .
8	there are numerous mexican-run associations , organisations and club in the uk .
21	sabrina johnston ( born december 31 , 1969 in germany ) is an american singer , most noted for her 1991 club anthem , '' peace '' .
15	the organization now has two types of membership ; those that are affiliated via a club and those that are individual members .
24	terrace park girl scout cabin , also known as the big stone gap girl scout cabin , is a historic girl scouts of america club located at big stone gap , wise county , virginia .
15	a number of historians have asserted that kylfing referred to a member of a '' club in the social or anglo-american sense '' , a '' brotherhood '' or a member of a norse félag .
5	social institutions municipality , library club „ napredak '' ( progress ) , stadium primary school named after „ hr . smirnenski '' , kindergarten , post office , police station , internet cafe etc. honour kabile island off greenwich island in the south shetland islands , antarctica is named after kabile .
7	he has been prominent in the asia club circuit .
20	according to sputnikmusic , it showcased new order 's mix of post-punk and dance styles with 12-inch singles remixed for club play and became the band 's '' most popular , well known , highly rated ( record ) and arguably their most influential '' .
8	the symbols are a uatogi ( a war club , epitomizing the government 's power ) and a fue ( a fly-whisk , representing the wisdom of traditional samoan leaders ) .
8	it features various styles of music , including club , future-bossa , breaks , rock and more .
15	he was the first latin artist to perform at the legendary new york city punk club cbgb in 1976 .
19	a secret handshake is a distinct form of handshake or greeting which conveys membership in or loyalty to a club , clique or subculture .
33	the album spawned the massive pop and urban hits '' one minute man '' , featuring ludacris and trina , and '' get ur freak on '' , as well as the international club hit '' 4 my people '' and the less commercially-successful single '' take away '' .
10	in most of the developments , a social and sports club for the residents is also built , with soccer , golf and tennis fields , jogging and bicycle treks , sauna , swimming pool , ballroom , restaurant and bar , etc. beginning in the 1990s , the company , now renamed alphaville urbanismo , expanded its developments to several other cities in brazil , such as aracaju , campinas , são josé dos campos , ribeirão preto , rio de janeiro , goiania , curitiba , londrina , maringá , salvador , fortaleza , belo horizonte , natal , gramado , manaus , and others , as well as to portugal ( in cascais ) .
53	hunters would frequently kill them simply by standing near a rock where a kea could see them , then hide behind the rock and wait for the kea to come towards them ( as they would always wonder where the hunter had gone ) , before hitting them on the head with a club .
65	throughout the 1980s and 1990s landon continued to be involved in a wide range of musical projects , including a 1982 , klaus voormann produced single , '' one of the big boys '' ; stage appearances as lead singer with klaus gerlach 's rock horror troupe ; with the ` neil landon five ' ; with noel redding at hamburg 's ` fabrik ' club in 1997 ; and in starring roles in the musicals , let 's twist and jailhouse in 1998 and 1999 .
20	meanwhile , in the reform-oriented states , such as baden , the development of a lively scene of vereine ( club or voluntary association ) provided an organisational framework for democratic , or popular , opposition .
17	lämmin / riku keskinen ( 2009 ) , as a singer work sippola hosted the popular laulutupa club in helsinki during 2006-2007 with her group & tuki , where are played the top finnish jazz musicians ( listed below ) .
6	in london , coffeehouses preceded the club of the mid-18th century , which skimmed away some of the more aristocratic clientele .
7	fc dynamo makhachkala was a russia football club based in makhachkala .
21	career kenny formed his first band whilst in high school and between then and the early 1970s , he toured the club circuit .
88	an incomplete list includes the following : anime , arrowhead ( school newspaper ) , art honor society , cheerleading , chess , dance , drama , debate & speech , environmental , frisbee , future business leaders of america , future farmers of america , future problem solvers gay/straight alliance , international exchange , jrotc , language ( chinese , french , german spanish ) , national honor society panther band , philosophy , ping pong , science , sign language , swing dance , anime otaku club , league of legends , dungeons and dragons , and pinterest .
14	in the liner notes of jesus , ronnie described its music as trendy , club - oriented rave music .
6	once a military barracks and officers club , the grounds are now a garden and home to the association for the handicapped .
7	also on the same floor is a club - like lounge called city space .
17	hóquei clube de braga sabseg ( sponsored by insurance company sabseg ) is a professional roller hockey club from braga , portugal .
21	he performed infrequently until the early part of the 1990s , when he started a long residency at chicago 's smokedaddy club .
10	after about two three months later , another collaboration of club within the school organized another symposium and funfair which saw the presence of an old student of the school who is a tv presenter at tv3 , namely , gideon aryeequah .
10	this is a partial list of women 's association football club teams from all over the world sorted by confederation .
6	career newton scored a number of club and chart hits in the 1990s .
24	his song '' the prophet '' , sampling willem dafoe in martin scorsese 's 1990 film the last temptation of christ was an underground club hit .
22	it was released on cd in 1995 as edcd 422 and entitled from the blue angel , as a reference to the club ( owned by allan williams , the beatles ' first manager ) where the escorts began performing in 1962 .
20	it is forced wedding not unlike a shotgun wedding named after a knobstick , which is a type of wooden club .
14	website was temporarily down for two weeks on march 11 , 2010 , famous club of goojje is on line formally .
17	ubayid is lady zenadia 's personal armsmaster , who protects her estate and provides the vipers with club and other weapons at her behest .
10	use as weapons beer bottles are sometimes used as makeshift club , for instance in bar fights .
22	he also played percussion in the drum and bugle corps as a teenager and was soon performing with bands on the chicago club scene .
7	the following year , respect yielded the club hit , '' serious '' which peaked at # 64 in the uk chart .
4	the duo started working club dates around the city and , by 1934 , gillum started recording for both arc and bluebird records .
28	the san jose improv formerly known as the jose theater jose theatre built in 1904 , this photo taken in 1935 the san jose improv is a comedy club located in san jose , california .
15	james andrew corrine , better known by his stage name dj felli fel is a club and radio dj for l.a. 's power 106 , record producer , and a recording artist recently signed to so so def / island urban music .
21	release the single release , as with all prior delerium single releases since '' silence '' , marketed the song for club play by commissioning remix ( as with previous singles ) , this time from gielen , who had remixed previous delerium songs as airscape , and satoshi tomiie .
4	it was also a club hit .
23	the tour was divided into seven segments : check-in , mystic lounge , mystic garden , the onyx zone , security cameras , club and the encore .
9	association sportive et culturelle le geldar is a football club of french guyana , playing in the town of kourou .
20	the context can vary from family or kinship relations , friendship , marriage , relations with associates , work , club , neighborhood , and places of worship .
21	some may consider the acba to have greater responsibilities than other specialty clubs under arba because it is the only specialty club for cavies ( guinea pig ) and supports all currently recognized breeds whereas most of the other arba specialty clubs are devoted to a single rabbit breed .
5	breed clubs are associations or club with activities centered on a single , specific breed of a particular species of domesticated animal .
43	blue has also appeared in mainstream productions such as the adult television show clothed female nude male and several episodes of the documentary series rated a for adult she has also been featured in several men 's magazines including cheri , hustler , club , and genesis .
16	the czech population is of significant size having its own newspaper , schools , societies and club , ( česká beseda or czech word , jednota - unity in czech language ) , publishing company .
18	pete 's candy store pete 's candy store is a new york city performing space , bar and club located in the williamsburg section of brooklyn .
17	a users ' group ( also user 's group or user group ) is a type of club focused on the use of a particular technology , usually ( but not always ) computer - related .
4	kieran is primarily a club dj , making his name as the resident at shine in belfast and later playing at venues across the world .
41	a gay talent agent from an aristocratic family with a sense of style paralleled only by carrie 's , viewers receive the impression that they have a long-standing relationship built within their younger , wilder days in the new york city club and bar scene in the 1980s .
10	while the success of these early singles was limited to club play , rodway 's subsequent contract with warner bros. records and a re-release of '' rockin ' for myself '' took the single to # 18 ( week of 7 may 1994 ) on the uk singles chart .
13	on 8 november , dixon performed a 5-song set at london 's g-a-y club .
20	due to electoral fraud and brutal electioneering , which earned the elections the nickname sopalı seçimler ( '' election of club '' ) , the ruling committee of union and progress won 269 of the 275 seats in the chamber of deputies , whilst the opposition liberal entente ( also known as the freedom and accord party or the liberal union ) won only the remaining six seats .
17	uniform the official historical uniform of gimnasia y esgrima is based on the colors displayed in the club shield , as established in the institutional statute , a white jersey with a single horizontal navy-blue stripe over the chest .
25	commerce and education in the 1960s , rush street was the center of the chicago nightlife as home to many great cabaret , bar , club and restaurant .
4	there are also many club available to join , but players can also start and manage their own .
11	antiquity the origins of armed combat are prehistoric , beginning with club , spear and axe .
15	he then got a part-time job doing sound engineering at the nearby alternative live music club - the adelphi .
5	a music gym is membership-based club or cooperative community where musicians ( and other artists ) share common resources in a shared facility .
5	bricktops was a los angeles club in the '' russian quarter '' , inspired by weimar cabarets , manhattan speakeasies and parisian salons .
8	the goedendag was essentially a combination of a club with a spear .
14	these include , inter alia , local authorities and associations such as firms and club , but also congresses and exhibition .
11	'' party 's just begun ( again ) '' was a club - only single released exclusively in the u.s. before the album 's availability in stores , and it was included on the soundtrack of the 1999 film brokedown palace .
30	career in 1996 , signed to mca records , her debut single , '' you lift me up '' was released and was well reviewed , and a large national club hit in the uk .
13	bake sales are usually held by small , non-profit organization , such as club , school groups and charitable organizations .
56	malta a notable exception to the lower rates of binge drinking in southern europe is the mediterranean island of malta , which has adopted the british culture of binge drinking , and where teenagers , often still in their early teens , are able to buy alcohol and drink it in the streets of the main club district , paceville , due to a lack of police enforcement of the legal drinking age of 17 .
23	the show features a broad variety of american and international dance styles including classical , contemporary , ballroom , hip-hop , street , club , jazz , and musical theatre styles , amongst others , with many sub-genres within these categories represented .
14	she has lent her talent as singing and dancing in raising funds for the club of love for years .
25	in 1989 , dj eren , put candi staton 's vocals over a track by jamie principle called '' your love '' which became a club hit .
7	the two run and dj at the club , bangers 'n' mash .
13	deaf rights and organizations in belfast , mcwhinney was frustrated by the deaf club and organizations that were not managed by deaf people .
6	his most prized possession is his club , and his solution to pretty much any problem is to bash it with it .
7	in september 2011 , logan made a club appearance in tucson , arizona .
21	he was offered a recording contract with cobra records , but turned it down because he made more money with his club gig .
9	the song quickly became a big hit in the club scene and would go onto become its artist 's biggest hit and a house music anthem .
17	on 7 june 2007 , tziortziopoulos was released by aek athens and immediately signed with the cypriot club omonia nicosia .
17	he also wrote and produced an album for tk recording artist , george mccrae , scoring a club hit with '' love in motion .
6	calorieking is an online weight loss club and software developer with a program centred on healthy eating and exercise ( '' calories in , calories out '' ) .
22	junior vasquez , ( born donald paul mattern , august 24 , 1949 , lancaster , pennsylvania ) , is an american club dj and remixer / producer .
9	the playable character is a neanderthal armed with a club .
17	the village vanguard , 1976 the village vanguard in modern times the village vanguard is a jazz club located at in greenwich village , new york city .
5	he also worked as a club pianist in dance band , and appeared on radio with harmonica player ronald chesney .
17	the legal ombudsman can investigate complaints made by members of the public ( and small business , club and charities ) about the service they receive from lawyers working in england and wales .
6	clubs the school offers over 40 club , both student-led and faculty-sponsored .
15	police seized from his apartment the empty knife packages , their receipts , and one club .
28	'' in august 2009 , fortune died at mt. sinai hospital in chicago after collapsing on stage while performing at gene 's playmate lounge , a chicago blues club .
4	it became an underground club hit in norway and the united kingdom .
17	they began playing in the moreno , buenos aires , where they are from , in small club and live house .
17	song history '' do n't let this moment end '' is a kind of ballad with a club - dance background .
6	'' show me '' is a club - inspired song , which includes strong synthpop and dance-pop genres , as it was clear sutta really enjoys dance music .
16	'' thus the academy abandoned hierarchic seventeenth-century precedents and was formed on the basis of a club .
23	kngy as '' energy 92.7 '' offered a current-based mix of dance music , with top 40 , r&b remixes , disco and club classics from the 1970s , 1980s , and 1990s added into the presentation .
10	formation in april 1964 , van morrison established an b club at the maritime hotel , belfast with entrepreneurs jimmy conlon , jerry mckernan and gerry mckervey ( known as the '' 3js '' ) .
13	bert serves as president of the national association of w lovers , a club dedicated to the letter w .
13	the resulting single , '' all mixed up '' , became a modest club hit that year , and peaked at # 74 in australia .
7	clubs and societies h2g2 has numerous unofficial club and societies , set up and maintained by researchers .
10	the southern figure is dressed in ceremonial regalia with a club in his right hand .
5	most of the venues are club and discothèque .
8	common uses of companies limited by guarantee include club , membership organizations , including students ' unions , residential property management companies , sports associations ( such as the pga european tour ) , workers ' co-operatives , other social enterprise , non-governmental organization ( ngos ) and charities ( such as oxfam ) .
10	recording career solo after leaving high school and playing the club circuit around the new jersey , new york and pennsylvania areas with his brother albert ( a singer ) for most of the 1980s , greg howe officially began his solo career after sending a demo tape to shrapnel records in 1987 , upon which he was immediately signed by founder mike varney .
10	as sylvester prepares to knock the bulldog out with a club , the train heads into a tunnel , slamming sylvester in the face into the bridge above it .
32	garbage began a three-week promotional tour of europe from march 19 , during which time garbage performed live tracks on various television and radio shows , prior to performing two warm-up headline club shows in paris ( supported by local group melatonine ) and in london .
7	bc brno is a czech professional basketball club based in the city of brno .
21	originally released in the united kingdom in 1986 on the bolts records label , '' male stripper '' was a big club hit throughout the autumn and peaked at no. 64 on the uk singles chart .
4	the was a spiked/knobbed club or truncheon used in feudal japan as a weapon by samurai and their retainers .
16	history the band formed after steve naghavi and chris ruiz met in 1989 at a berlin club .
33	all told , were acquired , and athletic fields , a bowling alley , chapel , firing range , gas station , gym , hobby shop , officers ' and enlisted men 's club , post exchange , post office , radio station , supply depot , and swimming pool were all built on the site .
15	combining many elements of pop , dance-punk , electronica , soul , noise music and club lyrically covering an array of subjects such as relationships , politics , death , celebration , and tragedy .
45	history the core of the band originally formed in 1967 as music box , but changed their name to paper lace in 1969 paper lace was one of hundreds of pop bands in england looking for the big time while slogging their way through small club gigs and brief television appearances .
9	their version was a huge national uk top 10 club hit .
66	xi ( as on the academic year 2014 -- 15 ) bangalore psbb learning leadership academy ( near bannerghatta road , bengaluru ) coimbatore the psbb millennium school , somayampalayam , hyderabad psbb millennium school puducherry ( also known as pondicherry ) the psbb millenium school history the psbb school in nungambakkam was established in 1958 by a group of housewives of the nungambakkam ladies recreation club .
33	rucksack ( more commonly called a backpack in u.s. english ) schuss , literally : shot ( ski ) down a slope at high speed turner , a gymnast turnverein , a gymnastics club or society volksmarsch / volkssport / volkswanderung , non-competitive fitness walking other aspects of everyday life -- bahn as a suffix , e.g. infobahn , after autobahn blücher , a half-boot named after prussian field marshal gebhard leberecht von blücher ( 1742 -- 1819 ) ; also a hand in the british card game napoleon .
8	knights of wise men lodge is a historic club located on saint helena island near frogmore , beaufort county , south carolina .
14	in real-world terms , each faction is run as a more or less independent club , with a small administrative team assigned by cp and internal in - and out-of-character hierarchies .
7	due to the track becoming a major club hit .
28	it consists of an opening prologue describing the art of fencing followed by colored plates illustrating specific techniques for the longsword , dagger , pollaxe , spear and club .
17	it was also noteworthy for its policy of social integration , led by the influence of the club scene which brought about sponsorship of such events as the manchester mardi gras during its years of greatest expansion .
4	it has one main club .
8	functioning collegia could function as guild , social club , or burial societies ; in practice , in ancient rome , they sometimes became organized bodies of local businessmen and even criminals , who ran the mercantile/criminal activities in a given urban region , or rione .
21	hits kasem started singing in familiar feasts and became famous at the '80s interpreting the hymn of tirana football team sport club tirana .
16	an annual community celebration , common in rural communities in north west england , during which club , churches and other organizations process and gather for various activities such as competitions for fancy dress , arts and crafts , cooking and produce .
7	it was similar to a large wooden club with grooves in the side to hold the sharpened obsidian .
11	twins were again shown in the street and then in the club dancing .
18	if finströms kamraterna ( also known as if finströmskamraterna and abbreviated iffk ) is a sports and football club in åland .
0	club coca-cola ® - namesake coca-cola product .
12	biography in 1947 , she accepted a steady job at a local club , happy landing , but it was her 1961 recording debut , with her own album in the riverside records new orleans : the living legends series , that brought her recognition from beyond the crescent city .
23	he co-founded the wicked sound system and established a series of legendary underground parties which were important in putting san francisco on the club / rave map .
4	'' and plenty of club tunes , expanding from the artist 's acid house roots into the pop and rock genres .
13	the album 's biggest hit single was '' oochie wally '' , a club anthem recorded by the bravehearts .
10	to do this they must be assigned to the same club as the ally , and the change is temporary .
15	according to a 1997 billboard article , '' ( t ) he union of the club community and independent labels '' provided the experimental and trend-setting environment in which electronica acts developed and eventually reached the mainstream .
20	the single prominently included remix by dj tiësto , and fade , which significantly boosted the song 's proliferation through club play ( particularly by influential djs such as paul oakenfold ) as evidenced by the single 's positions on the billboard hot dance music/club play charts .
41	gorbunov palace of culture peasants ' palace of culture in dajipu township , huangshi municipality , hubei , china palace of culture ( , , wénhuà gōng ) or house of culture ( dom kultury ) was the name for major club - houses in the soviet union and the rest of the eastern bloc .
7	more recently , he managed a dance club in belgium .
21	gisele jackson , born in baltimore , maryland , is a globally acclaimed vocalist and house music diva known for international club hits , including the billboard charted # 2 , '' love commandments '' ( 1997 ) .
18	dj rectangle is an american dj / turntablist and grammy award - nominated dance / hip hop / club record producer .
12	history dj-kicks started out in 1995 as a compilation of electronic dj club - style mixes in the techno or house genres , with the then-novel twist of being targeted to a home listening audience .
8	s.s. folgore falciano calcio is a sanmarinese football club , based in the village of falciano in the castello of serravalle .
11	united north piha lifeguard service is a new zealand surf lifesaving club located on north piha beach on the west coast of auckland , new zealand .
6	the video shows n.w.a. at a club playing the single to the crowd and wandering through compton , california .
4	concerts took place at club venues and music festivals .
31	it is , along with its counterparts elsewhere in the world , part of what has been called the '' third wave of ska ( that ) combines the traditional jamaica club sound with metal , punk , folk , funk , and/or country .
13	others such as california have general prohibitions against the carrying of all '' club '' weapons by non-law enforcement .
30	though little is known around the world about this band past this top fifteen single , the band is still in existence today , and continues to perform in the club circuit .
13	in ukrainian language , a buława or bulava is a mace or a club , in both the military and ceremonial senses .
2	history the club was founded in 1891 by a group of young athletes living on the royal island djurgården in central stockholm .
39	'' white horse '' is a funk - influenced dance track with a memorable bassline and ambiguous , drug - and/or sex-themed lyrics ( '' white horse '' being a slang for heroin ) that became popular in us club ) .
62	other names like most hindu deities , subrahmanya is known by many other names , including , , ( meaning ` prince or child or young one ' ) , swaminatha ( meaning ` smart ' or ` clever ' ) , , arumugam or shanmuga ( meaning ` one with six faces ' ) , dandapani ( meaning god with a club ) , or guruguha ( meaning ` cave-dweller ' ) , subrahmanya , kartikeya and ( meaning ` that which is spilled or oozed ) .
5	after a night at a club where some of sherry 's past flings swirl about him , the couple discuss the institution of marriage and have clearly divergent views .
11	the film explores themes of coming of age , drug and club cultures , as well as relationship .
1	various club djs in the 1970s re-edited the records they played , and although this often consisted of nothing more than extending the record by adding a chorus or two , this too could be considered a form of plunderphonics .
14	e'voke were a british female vocal duo from the mid-1990s , who had several club and chart hits in the uk and are best known for their 1996 single '' arms of loren '' .
11	after a fire erupts on the altar , nemis sees a club , he sees this as a sign from hera and asks who he needs to kill .
2	some lowrider club have weekly gatherings in the summer where owners of lowriders and friends will have a barbecue followed by cruising a popular drag ( or strip ) after dark .
20	in total over 2 million people ( about 20 % of the total population ) are members of a sports club .
12	'' who owns my heart '' was written about the feelings a club 's environment can lead one to believe .
2	history the club was founded on april 27 , 1920 by a group of young athletes living in the karlslund area in western örebro .
37	el cielo is considered to be one of the newest best prolific bands in argentina , touring with huge bands like mancha de rolando and jovenes pordioseros , playing all along buenos aires in the most popular club and recording an album named punto final , which hit the radios with the song '' petalos de rosa '' .