14	in 1940 , kraus embarked on a tour of asia where , while in java , she and her family were captured and interned in a concentration camp by the japanese until 1943 .
8	the c standard runtime library and the core java packages are two examples of components of their respective core languages .
15	the labs were equipped with specialist software such as oracle , microsoft visual studio , java , the adobe creative suite and many other key products .
7	biju patnaik and his wife flew to java and brought sultan sjahrir out on a dakota reaching india via singapore on 24 july 1947 .
18	this misconception has led to claims that comment-extraction tools , such as the perl plain old documentation or java javadoc systems , are '' literate programming tools '' .
19	the established studies by several historians associated this kingdom with srivijaya and pointed its location somewhere in sumatra , java or malay peninsula .
32	in this one can reuse the libraries written in another language of the same vm : e.g. a program written in groovy , scala or clojure can use any library written in java .
31	such virtual machines exist for several platforms , and in this respect , tads closely follows the example of the original infocom z-machine , as well as modern languages such as java and c# .
7	fancy is a garbage-collected language , like java or ruby .
10	it is located on one of the major highways across java , and has a harbor that is heavily used by fishing vessels .
7	a small tsunami hit the shores of java and sumatra , some away , between the time of 18 : 00 and 19 : 00 hours .
2	in the java programming language , every class implicitly or explicitly provides a hashcode ( ) method , which digests the data stored in an instance of the class into a single hash value ( a 32 - bit signed integer ) .
30	common names in other languages and regions include petai hutan in borneo , yongchak in manipur , india , nitta tree and riang in thailand , kedawung and peundung in java , alai in sumatra , petai kerayong and batai hutan in malaysia , and kupang and amarang in the philippines .
21	the anonymous manuscript author also added that on 1880 only three temples of chen fu zhen ren had been built on java , i.e. at banyuwangi city , besuki , and probolinggo ; while bali had two temples , i.e. at buleleng and badung .
11	programming languages such as perl , ruby , c , and java support template processing either natively , or through add-on libraries and modules .
30	implementations grid engine univa grid engine htcondor torque/pbs gridway xgrid egee ( lcg2 / glite ) unicore kerrighed cluster framework ibm tivoli workload scheduler loadleveler slurm language bindings c c++ java javascript perl python ruby other language bindings can be generated easily from swig , which was first used by the perl binding .
12	rajeg is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
37	microsoft supplies an implementation for windows in their microsoft windows services for unix product ; in addition , a number of third-party implementation of onc rpc for windows exist , including versions for c / c++ , java , and .net ( see external links ) .
10	between 1817 and 1818 , he described a number of java bird species discovered by jean baptiste leschenault de la tour ; he also contributed articles on ornithology to the dictionnaire des sciences naturelles , edited and published from 1816 -- 1830 by f. g. levrault .
19	he founded the sultanate of banten , as well as the sultanate of cirebon on the north coast of java .
6	it is found in indonesia ( java ) , china ( guangdong ) , taiwan , malaysia , the philippines , mauritius , hawaii , madagascar and réunion .
37	silverman was part of a team that reverse-engineered the mos technology 6502 and intel 4004 microprocessors and developed transistor-level emulators for them , and that ported spacewar! , one of the earliest digital computer games , to java , by writing another emulator for the pdp-1 on which the game was originally written .
13	annie doris ( '' dolly '' ) walker-wraight ( 24 april 1920 , java -- 15 february 2002 ) was a british school teacher and writer , notable for her support of marlovian theory , the view that christopher marlowe was the true author of shakespeare 's works .
8	krakatoa is , in fact , west of java .
14	this critically endangered species is endemic to montane forests on the indonesia island of java .
3	at madang , java he became a director in a hospital for eye and tropical diseases , and it was in leber 's clinic that max dauthendey died from malaria in august , 1918 .
57	use of vlc with other programs api several apis can connect to vlc and use its functionality : libvlc api -- the vlc core , for c and c++ vlckit -- an objective-c framework for mac os x javascript api -- the evolution of activex api and firefox integration d-bus controls go binding c# interface python controls java api directshow filters delphi/pascal api : paslibvlc by : '' robert jędrzejczyk '' free pascal bindings and an oop wrapper component , via the libvlc .
29	distribution this species can be found in india , burma , northern thailand , southern china , laos , cambodia , vietnam , myanmar , malaysia , sumatra , java , borneo and the philippines .
36	the netherlands , only very recently freed from german occupation itself , initially lacked the means to respond , allowing republican forces to establish de facto control over parts of the huge archipelago , particularly in java and sumatra .
14	it is found in indian subregion and western china , as well as on java , borneo and taiwan .
22	it includes descriptions of 102 new insect and crustacean species that had been sent to linnaeus from british america , suriname , java and other locations .
38	developed by mathworks , matlab allows matrix manipulations , plotting of functions and data , implementation of algorithm , creation of user interface , and interfacing with programs written in other languages , including c , c++ , java , fortran and python .
23	it was established at new delhi , india on 12 february 1942 , around a nucleus of air force personnel newly arrived from java and the philippines , under the command of major general ( later lt. general ) louis brereton .
8	e # combines message - based computation with java - like syntax .
2	a new java based map editor provides better map editing facilities .
27	zaleski was almost constantly traveling on missionary work , even outside of his delegation , he visited , among others , china , japan , indo-china , java and the philippines .
17	arriving in singapore too late to prevent its capture , it moved to sumatra and then to java , in the event caught up in the japanese invasion .
23	doug lea , a computer scientist at suny oswego , specialist of concurrent programming and concurrent data structure who made significant contributions to java .
15	it is also found in new zealand , new guinea , the cocos-keeling islands , java , sumba and new caledonia .
1	a java implementation of linq .
8	may 27 a 6.3 magnitude earthquake strikes central java in indonesia , killing more than 6,000 , injuring at least 36,000 and leaving some 1.5 million people homeless .
18	the pbil algorithm is as follows : source code this is a part of source code implemented in java .
44	distribution the common wolf snake is found in australia ( cook islands ) , myanmar , cambodia , thailand , vietnam , singapore , laos , se china , hong kong , bangladesh , india ( andaman islands ) , indonesia ( sumatra , java , bali , sumbawa , sumba , komodo , flores , lomblen , alor , sawu , roti , timor , wetar , babar islands , kalao , salajar , buton , sulawesi ) , west malaysia , johor : pulau besar , maldives , mascarenes ( mauritius , reunion ; fide glaw , pers .
13	it was described by snellen , in 1900 , and is known from java in indonesia .
9	the colonial authorities therefore resolved to exile him to java and from thence to ambon island .
25	its non-breeding range extends from south-east china south through eastern burma , thailand , laos and vietnam to malaysia and indonesia where a few reach java and bali in the south and sulawesi in the east .
13	loopholes in object-oriented programming languages some object-based programming languages ( e.g. javascript , java , and c# ) provide ways to access resources in other ways than according to the rules above including the following : such use of undeniable authority effectively defeats the security benefits of the object-capability model .
22	pleistodontes is a genus of fig wasp native to australia and new guinea , with one species ( p. claviger ) from java .
21	after sun in 1994 , naughton quit sun for starwave ( then a property of paul allen ) to develop server java applications for web sites .
46	the format of extensions can vary from one program to another , with for example : xpi format for mozilla family ( the browsers firefox and seamonkey , the email client thunderbird , but nvu and songbird ) zip format for opera browser jar format for java ( part of the xpi include jar files ) extensions vs. plug-ins extensions differ slightly from plug-in .
24	nevertheless , elements of the division , consisting mainly of men from the 2/6th field company , on the transport orcades were diverted to java , and fought alongside dutch forces there , but were soon overwhelmed .
27	the inconsistency in the order of parties according to votes received and seats allocated arose due to a special rule created to address uneven population distribution between java and other islands .
15	for example , object-oriented programming languages such as c# , c++ , delphi , and java can separate concerns into objects , and architectural design patterns like mvc or mvp can separate content from presentation and the data-processing ( model ) from content .
3	-- written in java .
23	it is assumed that the species originated in africa and spread as far as georgia , india , sri lanka , china and java .
21	it contains only one known species , peronema canescens , native to thailand , malaysia , borneo , sumatra , and java .
8	it is found in sri lanka , western java , eastern borneo and taiwan .
10	in 1929 , he participated in an academic trip to java where he collected five tons of specimens .
32	foundation of the dynasty a series of wars and clashes between the adipati ( dukes ) followed the death of the last sultan of demak bintoro , the first islamic kingdom in java .
31	however , once an activex control runs and is authorized by the user , it can gain all the privileges of the user , instead of being granted limited privileges as java or javascript do .
6	the syntax is also used in java , ocaml , python , perl , and d , and as an unofficial extension in some c compilers since at least 2007 .
9	an earthquake struck off the south coast of central java , indonesia on may 15 .
10	it is endemic to indonesia , where it ranges from java east to alor and north to the selayar islands .
11	swinglabs is a sun open source project proposing extensions to the java swing gui toolkit .
7	javaserver faces ( jsf ) is a java specification for building component - based user interface for web application .
8	the basic model of telescript is similar to java , and differs primarily in where the applications would run .
80	mather field , california , 20 sep 1921 -- 28 jun 1922 clark field , luzon , philippines , 1 sep 1922 kindley field , corregidor , philippines , sep 1922 camp nichols , luzon , philippines , nov 1922 clark field , luzon , philippines , dec 1922 camp nichols , luzon , philippines , 4 jun 1923 clark field , luzon , philippines , 16 jun 1938 batchelor airfield , australia , c. 24 dec 1941 singosari , java , netherlands east indies , 30 dec 1941 essendon airport , melbourne , australia , c. 4 mar 1942 cloncurry airport , australia , c. 28 mar 1942 longreach airport , australia , c. 5 may 1942 mareeba airfield , australia , 24 jul-c .
13	palau had limited relations before the 18th century , mainly with yap and java .
11	weka , a free implementation of many machine learning algorithms in java .
16	nieuws van den dag voor nederlandsch-indië was a dutch language newspaper published on the island of java in the dutch east indies ( modern-day indonesia ) .
22	reinwardt was the founder ( 1817 ) and first director of agriculture of the botanic garden at bogor ( buitenzorg ) in java .
12	as tagore 's emissary , he visited sri lanka , burma and java and bali , in today 's indonesia to learn music and dance of neighbouring countries .
14	these ancient people also split with some heading to sulawesi and others progressing into java , and sumatra , all of which now speaks languages that belongs to the austronesian language family .
19	some programming language directly support protocols or interfaces ( ada , c# , d , dart , delphi , java , logtalk , object pascal , objective-c , php , racket , seed7 , swift ) .
15	it originated in today 's indonesia , and is especially popular on the island of java , where it is a staple source of protein .
7	among the applications available , javascript , java or flash player are used to run the application directly inside the browser .
6	it is known from sumatra , java and borneo .
22	usage in languages such as eiffel , assertions form part of the design process ; other languages , such as c and java , use them only to check assumptions at runtime .
38	the last stable release of the previous major version , 3.5.5 , which is based on k desktop environment 3 technology , supports many programming language such as ada , bash , c , c++ , fortran , java , pascal , perl , php , python and ruby .
27	tigerair mandala 's fleet of new airbus a320 aircraft ( brand new aircraft originally ordered for tigerair singapore ) fly primarily within the more populous regions of java and sumatra , providing domestic and regional international connections of no more than five hours .
25	an alternative lobby , tasclient , is written in delphi , and there are lobby servers - used to organize multi-player games - written in java and python .
5	it is also present on java .
7	technical details kune is programmed using the java - based gwt in the client-side , integrating apache wave ( formerly google wave ) and using mainly the open protocols xmpp and wave federation protocol .
4	the server is a java application deployable on the following operating systems : linux , mac os x , solaris , unix , and windows .
6	it is found in bawan , java , and enggano .
20	it was able to run all series 60 software ( other than those that require a camera ) , and java midp applications as well .
5	it was originally written in java the current live version , gump 3 , has been completely rewritten in python .
8	'' biography personal life hanson was born in java , dutch east indies ( present-day indonesia ) in 1914 .
20	a service component architecture would further simplify the implementation of control mechanisms , especially if a single application language like java was used for all custom applications in the enterprise .
4	he later left for java , never to return ; other princes went into voluntary exile in other south east asian countries , and some others in europe .
14	bangka belitung is geologically stable and near the country 's greatest electricity-consuming regions : java and sumatra .
20	both specimens are deposited at the bogor botanical gardens ( formerly the herbarium of the buitenzorg botanic gardens ) in java .
20	it continued to attack japanese bases in malaya and convoys in the dutch east indies , relocating to semplak , java , in mid-february .
9	it is referred to as a security principal in java and microsoft literature .
21	it is typical for the expected interface to be created as a pure interface class , especially in languages such as java that do not support multiple inheritance .
14	the saminism movement is an indonesian nationalist movement founded by surontiko samin in north-central java , indonesia in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
3	xito is a java based portable desktop environment .
12	this strategy has been used by actionscript , c# , d , java , nemerle , object pascal ( delphi ) , objective-c , smalltalk , and swift .
20	in malacca and cochin he avidly collected and documented information from the malay - indonesia area , and personally visited java , sumatra ( the two dominant islands of modern-day indonesia ) and maluku .
1	entirely java - based , its product tradex commerce center software was used for online negotiation , bidding and the secure transaction of orders from computer dealers and manufacturers .
1	in java , it has been used to denote annotations , a kind of metadata , since version 5.0 .
4	greenfoot is an interactive java development environment designed primarily for educational purposes at the high school and undergraduate level .
47	implementations in addition to c , gnu gettext has the following implementations : c++ , c# for asp.net mvc framework , objective-c , pascal / object pascal , sh script , bash script , python , gnu clisp , emacs lisp , librep , gnu smalltalk , java , gnu awk , haskell , wxwidgets ( through the wxlocale class ) , ycp ( the yast2 language ) , tcl , perl , php , pike , ruby , r , glade 3 , lua , javascript , and vala .
19	ecology the large flying fox ranges from malay peninsula , to the philippines in the east and sumatra , java , borneo and timor in the south .
4	she was absent from java from 25 november 1979 until 24 february 1880 for repairs to her boilers that were leaking at singapore .
7	it has the ability to link to java objects , and i5/os api ; it can be used to write cgi programs with the help of ibm 's cgidev2 web toolkit , the cozzi , , the rpg toolbox , and other commercial web-enabled packages .
12	it is found in india , vietnam , sri lanka and possibly java .
42	educated at the anglo-chinese college on the island of kulangsu near xiamen , ( amoy ) and at a business college in jakarta , carlo tabalujan at the age of seventeen was stranded entirely alone and without money when the japanese occupied java .
21	support for various programming languages - the counting and differencing capabilities accept the source code written in c/c++ , c# , java , sql , ada , perl , asp.net , jsp , css , html , xml , javascript , vb , php , vbscript , bash , c shell script , coldfusion , fortran , midas , nextmidas , pascal , ruby , x-midas , and python .
26	according to a review by , formal treatment of composition underlies validation of component assembly in visual programming languages like ibm 's visual age for the java language .
5	for example , suppose a java implementation creates a new generator for each call to the shuffler , without passing constructor arguments .
4	) ; runs on java 1.7 or higher upload several files in parallel supports about 110 one-click hosters auto update theme support multilingual drag and drop file uploading with login support retry failed uploads retrieve download & delete url links set upload limit bandwidth changing order of upload dynamically future in 2014 , the neembuu team released a new product called neembuu now .
36	in this period , the national botanical gardens , lucknow ( india ) , became one of the world 's five best botanical gardens , along with the botanical gardens at kew ( england ) , java ( indonesia ) , paris ( france ) and new york ( usa ) .
6	apache tapestry is an open-source component-oriented java web application framework conceptually similar to javaserver faces and apache wicket .
8	jdownloader is a download manager , written in java , which allows the automatic downloading of files and split files from one-click hosting sites such as rapidshare .
8	it is found on sumatra , borneo , java and possibly in cambodia .
24	kampala and tororo in uganda have each been mentioned as the most thunderous places on earth , a claim also made for bogor on java , indonesia and singapore .
23	it may be worth noting that in malay '' betara '' means holy , and was applied to the greater hindu gods in java , and was also assumed by the ruler of majapahit .
38	during the history of the spice trade , sailors of the english east india company of the second expedition of james lancaster , john davis , sir henry middleton and his brother john who stayed in bantam on java , first reached the island in 1603 and developed good contacts with the inhabitants .
14	however , many manifestly typed languages support partial type inference ; for example , java and c# both infer types in certain limited cases .
47	distribution and habitat the eurasian tree sparrow 's natural breeding range comprises most of temperate europe and asia south of about latitude 68°n ( north of this the summers are too cold , with july average temperatures below 12 ° c ) and through southeast asia to java and bali .
8	the applications are built as pure javascript , java applets and flash applets .
16	pl/sql ( oracle corporation 's proprietary procedural extension to sql ) , or the object-oriented language java can invoke such code objects and/or provide the programming structures for writing them .
98	tomé pires ( the suma oriental ) ( 1512 -- 1515 ) : tomé pires wrote a landmark book on asian trade , the suma oriental que trata do mar roxo até aos chins ( summa of the east , from the red sea up to the chinese ) in malacca and india between 1512 -- 1515 , completed before the death of afonso de albuquerque ( december 1515 ) , which highlighted the emergence of parameswara replacing his father , raja sam agi as the ruler of palembang and later attacked by the king of majapahit of java , king batara tamavill for declaring himself as ` mjeura ' ( those who dare ) before fled to temasik ( singapore ) where he killed siamese king of ayutthaya 's representative , temagi and he secretly ruled temasik for 5 years .
13	in response to this , many modern high-level computer languages ( for example java ) do not permit direct access to memory using addresses .
39	going by the cape of good hope ( 1 november 1601 ) lancaster visited the nicobars ( from 9 april 1602 ) , aceh and other parts of sumatra ( from 5 june 1602 ) , and bantam in java .
23	wildman claimed that in 1856 he had been first mate on a dutch ship , the maria augusta , sailing from rotterdam to java , when it was forced to stop in camden harbour for rudder repairs .
22	'' products klocwork insight is a static code analysis tool used to identify security and reliability issues in c , c++ , java and c# code .
4	for example , in java , any class that implements the comparable interface has a method which returns a negative integer , zero , or a positive integer .
12	it is generally found in australia , with one species reported from java .
5	while freenet was implemented in java , winny was implemented as a windows c++ application .
2	written in java , freeplane is supported on windows , mac os x and linux , and is licensed under the gnu gpl version '' 2 or later '' .
12	roast beef is partial to unix and his preferred programming language is java .
4	his name appears in java as early as 1343 on an image of bodhisattva manjusri that was originally in candi jago , the sanctuary which was built by kertanegara for his father visnuvardhana .
15	technologies used include eclipse , apache , perl , xml , php , propel , java , r and mysql .
21	the javan surili ( presbytis comata ) is an endangered species of old world monkey endemic to the western half of java , indonesia , a biodiversity hotspot .
1	in java , goto is a reserved word , but is unusable , although the compiled file .
11	experimental implementations have been created for common lisp , and for java ( jpred ) .
2	openbravo 's java - based architecture focuses on two development models : model-driven development , in which developers describe the application in terms of models rather than code model-view-controller , a well established design pattern in which the presentation logic and the business logic are kept isolated these two models allow for integration with other programs and for a simple interface .
9	it is found in the north-eastern himalaya and on java .
12	dendrobium capra is a species of orchid endemic to the island of java in indonesia .
8	' s.e. asia 1945-6 -- for operations in java , sumatra and french indochina .
12	cisauk is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
26	operators personnel of 80 squadron raf amongst parts of a japanese f1m , bearing indonesian markings , at an airfield and seaplane base in surabaya , java .
20	) the game is often used as a programming exercise , and many versions are available on the web as java applet .
13	bojong kidul is a populated place in banten province on the island of java in indonesia .
7	for example , in different parts of java the dishes are adapted to local culture and taste , in return chinese indonesians reside in this region also had developed a taste for local cuisine .
15	the underlying infrastructure of dws-edms uses widely available commercial and open source technologies , including java , red hat linux , oracle sql , xml , microsoft iis , and apache http server .
7	it is unclear if they remain in java .
11	there was another category of noblemen in indonesia , precisely in java , called priyayi , who were not members of royal or princely families but formed a sort of nobles of the robe , exerting administrative functions , including that of adipati ( governor ) .
14	dendrobium mutabile , the variable dendrobium , is a species of orchid native to java and sumatra .
14	doclet programs work with the javadoc tool to generate documentation from code written in java .
4	for instance , a java application may need to execute a system call .
10	in some object-oriented programming languages , such as c# and java , reflection can be used to override member accessibility rules .
4	vuze is written in java , and uses the azureus engine .
13	it contains only one species , pyretaulax miltogramma , which is found on java .
30	fuloong mini-pc the specifications are : software lemote has participated in development and mips-porting of debian gnu / linux , ecos , microc/os-ii , vxworks , microsoft windows ce , java , openoffice.org and yongzhong office by wuxi yongzhong tech co. .
22	from a technical view , the sce is beginning to move away from its proprietary graphical origins and is moving towards a java application server environment .
36	the idea of the north kalimantan was originally proposed by brunei 's people party president , a. m. azahari , who had forged links with sukarno 's nationalist movement , together with ahmad zaidi , in java in the 1940s .
9	arntzenius was born in surabaya on the island of java where his father served in the royal dutch east indies army .
6	a tasty dish commonly found in java and bali , made from grilled spicy beef brisket with a distinctive milky taste , served with hot chilli sauce .
18	it is known from china ( hong kong , guangdong , jiangxi and hainan ) , india , java , japan ( kyūshū and the ryukyu islands ) , malaysia and thailand .
28	biography youth couperus was a son of petrus theodorus couperus ( 1787 -- 1823 ) , a landdrost ( yeoman ) at the preanger lands and landowner at java , and catharina rica cranssen ( 1795 -- 1845 ) .
13	it contains only one species , eustenia acuminatalis , which is found on java .
4	in conventional languages like java , classes and similar constructs are defined within a single file , or at least a '' master file '' .
15	it has rarely been recorded , with all records coming from the north coast of java .
18	dutch ichthyologist pieter bleeker first referenced the honeycomb whipray as trygon undulata , in a 1950 list of java fishes .
4	it is found on java and the philippines .
8	he has written books about the c and java programming languages .
16	he was the architect responsible for developing the implementation of container managed persistence for sun 's java enterprise edition application server .
12	apart from art , khan completed certificate courses in web development , java and c++ from private institutes .
6	here is a sample code in java : int ( ) ( ) maze = new int ( width ) ( height ) ; / / the maze boolean ( ) ( ) washere = new boolean ( width ) ( height ) ; boolean ( ) ( ) correctpath = new boolean ( width ) ( height ) ; / / the solution to the maze int startx , starty ; / / starting x and y values of maze int endx , endy ; / / ending x and y values of maze public void solvemaze ( ) -lcb- maze = generatemaze ( ) ; / / create maze ( 1 = path , 2 = wall ) for ( int row = 0 ; row ( maze .
6	this interface is primarily written in java ( although portions , such as the rules for typesetting mathematical formulae , are written in the maple language ) .
18	mozilla 1.7.13 for os/2 warp 4 firefox 3.5.4 for os/2 warp 4 in 1996 , warp 4 added java and speech recognition software .
41	see also here for a slide presentation by eric s. roberts ( '' the allocation of memory to variables '' , chapter 7 ) - illustrating the use of stack and heap memory usage when summing three rational number in the java object-oriented language .
5	most of them came from java .
2	written in java , ew encrypts all file types for data-at-rest and data-in-transit protection .
0	java , c# , vb and php are popular programming languages for web and business applications .
24	ardhanarishvara conveys that shiva and shakti are one and the same , an interpretation also declared in inscriptions found along with ardhanarishvara images in java and the eastern malay archipelago .
5	in 1993 he joined the java development team , writing the language 's compiler and taking responsibility for its first release to netscape in august 1995 .
30	the javanese ( ngoko javanese : wòng jåwå , krama javanese : tiyang jawi , indonesian : suku jawa ) are an ethnic group native to the indonesia island of java .
28	while on akagi , hasegawa participated in the invasion of rabaul in january 1942 , the air strikes against darwin , australia in february , the invasion of java in the dutch east indies in march , and the indian ocean raid in april .
9	the xalan xslt processor is available for both the java and c++ programming language .
9	it is similar to the final type modifier in java or php .
19	in 2003 , cobol featured in 80 % of information systems curricula , the same proportion as c++ and java .
12	cikaso waterfall is a dramatic waterfall on the cikaso river in western java .
29	tapestry uses a modular approach to web development , by having a strong binding between each user interface component ( object ) on the web page and its corresponding java class .
24	today it continues to be taught in some universities around the world as an introduction to computer programming , usually advancing to c or java or both .
27	musa salaccensis , commonly called javanese wild banana , is a malesia tropical species of plant in the banana family native to the islands of sumatra and java , in indonesia .
10	a thesis on indo-malayan tortricidae completed , he returned to java in 1939 to take up a post as an entomologist at a sugar plantations and industries research station .
16	the type species , lazuardia lobata , grows on the ground in ceylon , india , java , sumatra , cuba , jamaica and trinidad .
26	- china , taiwan , bangladesh , india , bhutan , pakistan , sri lanka , cambodia , laos , burma , thailand , vietnam , java , malaysia catunaregam stenocarpa bridson - mozambique catunaregam swynnertonii ( s.moore ) bridson - mozambique , zimbabwe catunaregam taylorii ( s.moore ) bridson - d.r.congo , tanzania , malawi , zambia , zimbabwe , swaziland , transvaal catunaregam tomentosa ( blume ex dc. ) tirveng .
14	it is found in india , sri lanka , vietnam and indonesia , including java .
16	gregor kiczales : his best known work is on aspect-oriented programming and the aspectj extension for java at xerox parc .
7	leaving the dutch colony of batavia in java ( now jakarta , indonesia ) in august 1642 , they charted the tasmanian coastline in november 1642 ( though they did not determine that it was an island ) , and named it van diemen 's land , in honor of the dutch governor of the dutch east indies , anthony van diemen .
9	he was captain in the army at japara on java and from 1692 in malabar in south-west india .
18	there are at present ( april 2014 ) 4 recognized species : myxopyrum nervosum blume - borneo , java , malaysia , maluku , sulawesi , sumatra , new guinea myxopyrum nervosum subsp .
24	angler sailed on 3 may for another patrol as one of eight submarines assigned to support the carrier strike scheduled to hit surabaya , java .
13	void type as unit type in c , c++ , c# , and java , void expresses the empty type .
34	the battalion spent christmas 1941 in brisbane , but before new year 's day , it was again on the high seas , aboard the dutch freighter bloemfontein , bound for the island of java in the dutch east indies , via darwin , australia , escorted part of the way by the cruiser , and escorted from darwin by , flagship of rear-admiral glassford , the light cruiser and the destroyers , , , and .
13	in his third ( 1643 -- 49 ) he went as far as java , and returned by the cape ; but his relations with the dutch proved not wholly satisfactory , and a long lawsuit on his return yielded but imperfect redress .
31	language integrated query ( linq , pronounced '' link '' ) is a microsoft .net framework component that adds native data querying capabilities to .net languages , although ports exist for java , php , javascript and actionscript .
6	the main technologies glance utilizes are java and activex ; the program automatically chooses which protocol to use based on the needs and capabilities of the host system .
5	some sugar mill railways in java have dual-gauge sections .
8	rhino is a javascript engine developed entirely in java and managed by the mozilla foundation as open source software .
18	later , mired in isolation and loneliness , he worked in colombo ( ceylon ) , batavia ( java ) , and singapore .
25	as in sumatra , there was a general feeling that the central government was inefficient , development was stagnating and money was being plugged into java .
56	hinduism in southeast asia gave birth to the former champa civilization in southern parts of central vietnam , funan in cambodia , the khmer empire in indochina , langkasuka kingdom , gangga negara and old kedah in the malay peninsula , the sriwijaya kingdom on sumatra , the singosari kingdom and the majapahit empire based in java , bali , and parts of the philippine archipelago .
19	evidence for the earliest cultivation , however , comes from eighth century stone inscriptions from the central island of java , which show kings levied taxes in rice .
10	archaeopteryx is an interactive computer software program , written in java , for viewing , editing , and analyzing phylogenetic tree .
86	english possessions in india and the east indies fort st george , madras , the first english fortress in india bantam : the english started to sail to the east indies about the year 1600 , which was the date of the foundation in the city of london of the east india company ( '' the governour and company of merchants of london trading into the east indies '' ) and in 1603 a permanent '' factory '' was established at bantam on the island of java .
11	in 1999 , ase 12.0 was released , providing support for java , high availability and distributed transaction management .
17	despite the rarity of females graphium delessertii is a common species , although threatened by deforestation in java .
11	the back-end generates code in a high-level language like c++ or java which is then compiled to machine code using the respective high-level language compiler .
14	from 1893 until 1897 , he was based at the buitenzorg botanical garden in java .
36	distribution and habitat binturongs occur from india , nepal , bangladesh , bhutan , myanmar , thailand , malaysia to laos , cambodia , vietnam and yunnan in china , and from sumatra , kalimantan and java in indonesia to palawan in the philippines .
13	; 9 may a sukhoi superjet 100 airliner crashes on mount salak on java in indonesia during a demonstration flight for airline representatives and journalists , killing all 45 people on board .
15	scavis is scientific package which uses jython to call numerical and graphical libraries written in java julia is designed for cloud parallel scientific computing in mind on llvm - based jit as a backend .
5	in 1825 he traveled to java with salomon müller in order to collect specimens for the museum .
12	many settlements were destroyed , including teluk betung sirik and serang in java .
1	besides java and chinese girls brought in from the far east , '' red '' ( non-negroid ) ethiopian young females were among the most valued concubines .
20	many died from disease or accidents in labor camps on the siam-burma ‘death’ railway , in sumatra , japan , java , borneo , and changi prison .
17	c. truncatus originates from estuaries and lower courses of rivers from the chao phraya to sumatra and java , including the lower mekong .
13	landings on timor were scheduled for 20 february , and an invasion of java was planned to take place shortly afterwards .
14	the second and more recent main branch of malays , believed to come from java and the banjarmasin kingdom of southern borneo , came by way of the sulu archipelago , into mindanao and up into the visayas .
11	he has written extensively on the c , c++ , and java programming languages , and on object-oriented programming in general .
12	malay pilots , either recruited or forcibly conscripted , guided them via java , the lesser sundas and ambon to run , arriving in early 1512 .
10	it allows applications to make standard c++ , c# , java , python or smalltalk objects persistent without having to convert the data objects into the rows and columns used by a relational database management system ( rdbms ) .
51	geographic range it is found in myanmar and southern china ( fujian , hong kong and on hainan island ) , south into vietnam , laos , cambodia , thailand , the malay peninsula and the east indies to indonesia ( the riau archipelago , sumatra , bangka , borneo , java , sulawesi , buton and the sula islands .
5	wise projects can also incorporate java applets , flash models , forums to facilitate online discussions , data collection , drawing , argument creation , resource sharing , branching , concept mapping and other built-in components .
8	his original plan was to implement it in java , but it has since been started in python without his involvement .
17	hbase is an open source , non-relational , distributed database modeled after google's bigtable and written in java .
8	its core is a computer program written in java distributed on several hundred computers , , so-called yacy-peers .
5	when they reached samarang , java , the matavai and her crew were there .
26	atrophaneura sycorax is a species of butterfly from the papilionidae family that is found from south burma to peninsular malaysia , and in sumatra and west java .
17	range assam , myanmar , malaya , thailand , pulau , tioman , langkawi , andamans , java , sumatra , borneo , batu islands , nias , flores , natuna islands , palawan .
30	early career macario remains the first and only italian computer programmer to set two world records by solving problems of the acm international collegiate programming contest ( ansi c and java ) .
5	this supported application deployment for java , ruby on rails , sinatra , node.js , and scala , as well as database support for mysql , mongodb , redis , postgres , rabbitmq .
9	alternative uses possibly because its code is based on java and thus is easy to modify , jake2 has been used for several experiments : in 2006 , it was used to experiment playing 3d games with eye tracking .
5	it has been written in java as a practical proof of concept , presented in the article .
4	jetty is written in java and its api is available as a set of jars .
12	they must submit solutions as programs in c , c++ , or java .
3	it is a java web based cross-platform solution .
3	similarly to how java treats objects , all variables and parameters in jass of handle types are treated as values , but in reality those values are nothing but references to the handle objects .
17	puntius aphya is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus puntius native to freshwater habitats in java , indonesia .
37	microsoft azure web sites is a platform as a service ( paas ) which allows publishing web apps running on multiple frameworks and written in different programming languages ( .net , node.js , php , python and java ) , including microsoft proprietary ones and 3rd party ones .
12	migration the ethical policy first introduced the concept of transmigration from over-populated java to the less densely populated areas of sumatra and kalimantan , beginning with government-sponsored schemes from 1905 onwards .
37	many compilers for many programming languages are bootstrapped , including compilers for basic , algol , c , pascal , pl/i , factor , haskell , modula-2 , oberon , ocaml , common lisp , scheme , java , python , scala , nimrod , eiffel , and more .
20	2nd war patrol increased enemy air activity rendered naval installations in the area untenable , and s-39 was ordered to java to join what in mid-january 1942 would become the abda command .
16	in olden times , merchants used to trade with south-east asian island countries of bali , java , sumatra , borneo .
18	early life hein ter poorten was born on 21 november 1887 in buitenzorg ( now bogor ) on java , which was at the time part of the dutch east indies .
9	-- free computer assisted translation tools platform cross-platform ( java ) .
18	anak wungsu was the youngest brother of airlangga , who succeeded him as the ruler of bali and java .
8	it is known from the kangean islands and java .
21	' end it has the escape top flow control instruction , which is similar to continue in c , c++ , java and several other languages , except that it also works within subroutine to both return from the routine and then continue the calling statement 's processing loop .
11	early chinese immigrants in indonesia settled in northern coastal cities of java , such as semarang , pekalongan , lasem , tuban and surabaya , as early as majapahit period .
5	cte xl was written in java and was supported on win32 systems .
7	though a voyage from the netherlands to java normally took a hundred days or more ( port to port ) , the kosmopoliet completed her maiden voyage in 89 days .
15	training this section of cam-sust it wing trains the members programming languages ( c , java , objective c , python etc ) and markup languages ( html , html5 , css , js etc ) .
9	christopher robert melissinos is a leading figure in the java community .
10	the wayang museum ( ) is a museum dedicated to java wayang puppetry .
24	the raid on batavia of 27 november 1806 was an attempt by a large british naval force to destroy the dutch squadron based on java in the dutch east indies that posed a threat to british shipping in the straits of malacca .
24	it is a popular javanese cuisine , especially in every javanese - malay communities in malaysian states of selangor and johor and also in java , indonesia .
3	simplebouncer written in java is a generic bouncer/proxy .
17	it is found in china ( shandong , yunnan ) , indonesia ( sumatra , nias , java , bali , borneo , sulawesi , the moluccas , ambon island , buru , lombok , dammer , aru ) , timor , the philippines , new guinea and australia ( western australia and queensland ) .
2	starting in java , it gradually extended its range across the indonesian archipelago .
45	web authentication on august 15 , 2007 , microsoft released the windows live id web authentication sdk , enabling web developers to integrate windows live id into their websites running on a broad range of web server platforms - including asp.net ( c# ) , java , perl , php , python and ruby .
19	c2call gmbh , german startup , which provides an array of web calling applications , offers a browser-based , java voice over internet protocol ( voip ) solution .
7	it is found in queensland and on java and sumatra .
12	hvls typically include features of a high-level programming language like c++ or java as well as features for easy bit-level manipulation similar to those found in hdls .
31	his mansion and garden in kemayoran with a japanese pavillon was sold to joan van hoorn , as foreigners ( c.q. his brother ) were not allowed to own property on java .
32	newskies ( nss 6 ) , launched in december 2002 and positioned at 95 ° east , contains only k u - band transponders with a footprint on indonesia ( sumatra , java , borneo , celebes , bali , nusa tenggara , moluccas ) .
10	oti was the company behind the visualage line smalltalk and java development tools that eventually culminated in the open source eclipse tool platform and integrated development environment ( ide ) .
30	retiring by way of balikpapan , borneo , where the dutch were demolishing their oil wells , porpoise attacked two ships without result before ending her patrol at surabaya , java .
11	jcsp is a blending of csp and occam concepts in a java thread support api .
6	however , default character encoding in java for os x is still macroman ( see ) , and the keyboard layout with its combination of control , option , and dead key still map to the original characters in macroman .
26	additionally , ready to use communication layer ( dhtmlxconnector ) can be used to manage this client-server communication with php , .net , coldfusion , or java .
21	the material from the impact stretches across the ocean to include the islands of the philippines , indonesia , malaysia and java and reaches far out into the indian ocean and south to the western side of australia .
64	the six specimens obtained in the solomon sea in 1976 were only noted to be smaller at sexual maturity than the '' ordinary '' bryde 's whales caught off new zealand , whereas the two caught near the cocos-keeling islands in 1978 were n't differentiated from the 118 other '' ordinary '' bryde 's whales taken in the eastern indian ocean , south of java .
10	details tibco provides messaging api in c , c++ , java , visual basic , perl and .net to receive data feeds on ms excel spreadsheets and other applications of choice .
11	it is also reported to have been spoken in singapore and java .
17	it also occurs on christmas island , an australia territory in the north-eastern indian ocean south of java .
11	it is found in vietnam and malaysia and on sumatra , java and the andaman islands .
41	the major groupings are : indonesia sunda islands greater sunda islands lesser sunda islands maluku islands philippine archipelago new guinea and surrounding islands ( when included ) the six largest islands are new guinea , borneo , sumatra , sulawesi , java , and luzon .
11	the slenthem ( also slentem or gender panembung ) is a java metallophone which makes up part of a gamelan orchestra .
28	the university of helsinki has also demonstrated techila 's ability to enhance the usability and utilization of large-scale in projects implemented using matlab , r , python , java , and c / c++ / c# .
15	in indonesia , it is distributed in sumatra , nias , enggano , bangka , java , bali , kangean , lombok , sumbawa , sumba , flores , tanahjampea , and kalimantan .
8	catan online world allows players to download a java application that serves as a portal for the online world and allows online play with other members .
10	geographical names usually applied to individual islands , such as java , one of the earliest identified island in the indonesian archipelago .
15	the 1990s saw indonesia accelerate its transmigration program , under which hundreds of thousands of java and sumatra migrants were resettled to papua over a ten-year period , the indonesian government saw this as the economical improvement and also population density improvement for indonesia .
22	since being divorced was a status frowned upon in edwardian england , knocker invented the myth that her husband had died in java , leaving her a widow .
4	he visited singapore and java in 1870 and british india during 1870 -- 1872 to see the administration of british colonies .
9	applications the device supported flash lite 2 and midp java 2.0 .
26	distribution and habitat this species can be found in mixed forests of india , myanmar , thailand , vietnam , malaysia and indonesia ( sumatra , java , bali , lombok , timor ) .
20	` of course , the men cheerfully aid by free advice and directions ' she added ironically '' ) ; java , where a journey to a temple was two hundred miles by slow rail ; kashmir ; new zealand , a place she said she would have chosen to live other than america ; siam , a place that was very difficult to reach at that time ; the sandwich islands , where the japanese consul-general acted as her interpreter ; singapore , where she noted that '' thirty different languages are spoken '' ; south africa , en route to which , she climbed the mast in a divided skirt alongside the captain and another man .
19	parablepharis kuhlii is a species of praying mantis found in india , myanmar , vietnam , borneo , and java .
13	the name is used to emphasize that a given object is an ordinary java object , not a special object .
63	asia and eurasia : in afghanistan ; bhutan ; the caucasus ( in armenia , azerbaijan , georgia , and russia ) and ciscaucasia ( in dagestan ) ; much of china and taiwan ; india ( in the states of assam , bihar , himachal pradesh , jammu and kashmir , and west bengal ) ; indonesia ( in papua province , java , the lesser sunda , and maluku islands ) ; japan ( in the prefectures of hokkaido , honshu , kyushu , shikoku , and the ryukyu islands ) ; kazakhstan ; the korean peninsula ; kyrgyzstan ; mongolia ; pakistan ; papua new guinea ; eastern and western siberia ; tajikistan ; northeastern turkey ; turkmenistan ; uzbekistan ; and yemen .
5	nagarakertagama , is an old java epic poem written during the majapahit golden age under the reign of hayam wuruk after which some events are covered narratively .
14	windows form with some awt examples the abstract window toolkit ( awt ) is java 's original platform-independent windowing , graphic , and user-interface widget toolkit .
11	the japanese appointed 59 members , representing the major groups in java and madura .
24	maria hertogh early life maria hertogh was born on 24 march 1937 to a dutch catholic family living in tjimahi , near bandung , java , then a part of the dutch east indies .
6	joe-e is a subset of the java programming language intended to support programming according to object-capability discipline .
21	after the japanese surrender , relief flights and supply drops to thousands of internees in the pow camps were flown to java and sumatra , and in october the squadron moved to its new base near batavia , where the squadron passed to the control of the dutch naval aviation service on 8 december 1945 , keeping the same squadron number no . 321 squadron mld .
14	stm32 j stmicroelectronics provides a selection of stm32 microcontrollers ready to be used with java programming language .
1	in java , the chicken is usually marinated with the mixture of kecap manis ( sweet soy sauce ) and coconut oil , applied with a brush during grilling .
12	it is found in vietnam , thailand , indonesia ( sumatra , java , bali , sulawesi ) , western malaysia , taiwan and nepal .
35	two species in contrast have tiny distributions , the burmese bushtit , which is entirely restricted to two mountains in burma , and the pygmy bushtit , which is restricted to the mountains of western java .
23	the rhino engine , created primarily by norris boyd ( formerly of netscape ; now at google ) is a javascript implementation in java .
11	some also believe that he was wounded engaging the french in java in august 1811 .
4	colebrooke next served in java , and was wounded in the operations against the dutch in that island in 1811 ; here he remained under the british occupation , and was deputy quartermaster-general in 1813 , being promoted major on 1 june 1813 .
3	beanshell is a java - like scripting language , invented by patrick niemeyer .
13	tom is a language extension which adds new matching primitives to c and java as well as support for rewrite rules systems .
15	; pojos and pocos : pojos and pocos are technical implementation concepts , specific to java and the .net framework respectively .
10	assigned to '' operation j '' ( the invasion of java in the netherlands east indies , she participated at the battle of sunda strait on 1 march .
12	on its return , the vessel was stopped by the dutch between java and sumatra , and brought to batavia .
4	it is developed using java and the integrated gis is based on the arcgis engine of esri .
15	to date the most important activity has been the migration of legacy cobol applications to java .
3	from bases in java , timor , celebes , and new guinea , the japanese attacked every operational airfield in the northern and north-western parts of australia , including the strategically important allied airfields at townsville and horn island in north queensland .
50	distribution the tree is indigenous within the area from india ( arunachal pradesh , assam , manipur , meghalaya , tripura , andaman islands , nicobar islands ) , bangladesh , myanmar , thailand , cambodia , laos to vietnam , while it is cultivated in indonesia ( sumatra , java , kalimantan ) , philippines , and china ( southeast xizang , southern & western yunnan ) .
9	the key tool is used in formal verification of java programs .
12	acrocercops glutella is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from java , indonesia .
9	prominent examples of languages supporting this are c# , java , ecmascript ( actionscript , javascript , jscript ) , f# , haskell , lisp ( common lisp , scheme , clojure , others ) , lua , oz , perl , prolog , python , ruby , smalltalk , scala , ml , and erlang .
22	each of these various regions had its own subspecies of gallus gallus , including : g. g. gallus indochina g. g. bankiva java g. g. jabouillei vietnam g. g. murghi india g. g. spadiceus burma g. g. domesticus ( domestic chicken ) sexual dimorphism male and female birds show very strong sexual dimorphism .
25	story of sunan giri according to the sejarah banten , a foreign holy man , molana usalam comes to balambangan in the eastern salient of java where islam was not established until the eighteenth century .
22	the 9th century hindu lokapala devata , the guardians of the directions , on the wall of shiva temple , prambanan , java , indonesia .
29	despite public pronouncements to the contrary , the official view was that the main base at singapore would be untenable if the japanese made serious headway in malaya and java - which , in the event , is what happened in 1942 .
6	the largest influences have been the java orm hibernate and activerecord from ruby on rails .
22	plot after four years of doing his residency in singkawang , borneo , dr. pardi ( adnan kapau gani ) returns to java to open a practice .
11	distribution indonesia ( sumatra , bangka , borneo / kalimantan , java ) , malaysia and brunei ( malaya and east malaysia ) ; borneo , singapore island , burma ( myanmar ) , thailand ( including phuket ) , laos , cambodia , vietnam , india ( assam , arunachal pradesh ( miao - changlang district , chessa , chimpu , itanagar - papum pare district ) ( a. captain , pers .
16	1 may willem johannes leyds , attorney-general of the south african republic , is born in java .
7	jmonkeyengine -- a game engine made in java .
9	jfreechart is an open-source framework for the programming language java , which allows the creation of a wide variety of both interactive and non-interactive chart .
23	the company has 3 development centres in newcastle , edinburgh and bristol and works with technologies including .net , html5 / jquery and java .
10	decimal arithmetic decimal arithmetic , compatible with that used in java , c# , pl/i , cobol , python , rexx , etc. , is also defined in this section .
11	banten ( sometimes called bantam ) near the western end of java was a strategically important site and formerly a major trading city with a secure harbor at the mouth of banten river that provided a navigable passage for light craft into the island 's interior .
16	it is found on the peninsular malaysia , pulau tioman , pulau aur , sumatra , java , langkawi and probably in southern thailand .
3	in others ( java , ada ) , both short-circuit and standard boolean operators are available .
8	alatiliparis is a species of orchids native to java and sumatra in indonesia .
28	biography szekely-lulofs was born on 24 june 1899 as madelon ( magdalena ) hermine ( hermina ) lulofs in the oranje hotel in surabaya on the island of java ( then dutch east indies now indonesia ) .
15	it is found in australia ( queensland , new south wales ) , indonesia ( java , borneo ) , china ( hong kong ) , taiwan , malaysia and thailand , as well as on fiji .
25	the species is reportedly naturalized in hawaii , china ( hainan , hong kong , taiwan ) , japan , sri lanka , thailand and java .
4	since liquid motion created java - based animations , they were cross-platform and browser-independent .
27	re-implementations of quickcheck exist for c , c++ , chicken scheme , clojure , common lisp , d , erlang , f# , factor , io , java , javascript , node.js , objective-c , ocaml , perl , prolog , python , ruby , scala , scheme , smalltalk and standard ml .
34	in addition , the shipped software can be replaced with third party firmware and/or programming languages , including some of the most popular ones used by professionals in the embedded systems industry , like java and c .
9	the bonang is a musical instrument used in the java gamelan .
5	the program is written in java and allows the user to auto - cancel any messages on usenet based on author , subject , organization , message-id , or path .
14	bindings are available for more than 40 languages , including c / c++ , java , php and python .
25	taxonomy the tree is closely related to p. leram jones , of the andaman and nicobar islands and the southern coasts of sumatra and western java .
4	in order to support java applications , the flexos - based ibm 4690 os version 2 introduced its own virtual file system ( vfs ) architecture to store long filenames in the fat file system in a backwards compatible fashion .
9	the progo river is a river in southern central java , indonesia .
12	unix/linux management servers are accessed using either a motif gui or a java based gui .
5	debussy came into contact with java gamelan music during the 1889 paris exposition universelle .
13	mpu prapanca writes the epic poem nagarakretagama , about the majapahit empire in java .
12	the site currently uses lucene search 2.1 , which is written in java and based on lucene library 2.3 .
4	range north borneo , java .
13	liferay portal is a free and open source enterprise portal project written in java and distributed under the gnu lesser general public license and optional commercial license .
1	in java and most of indonesia , ikan bakar usually tastes rather sweet because the generous amount of sweet soy sauce either as marination or dipping sauce .
25	located on the northern coast , medan is the third largest city in indonesia behind jakarta , surabaya , and the largest indonesian city outside java .
4	peltata is native to java , bali , new guinea and christmas island .
18	pop sunda or sundanese pop is a form of pop music born in western part of island of java in the 1970s which became internationally famous a decade later .
3	it implements a java technology version of the secure sockets layer ( ssl ) and transport layer security ( tls ) protocol .
16	this is similar to the public and private keywords in other languages such as c++ and java .
47	it made use of the prevailing westerly winds at those latitudes known as the '' roaring forties '' , a route which had been pioneered a few years earlier by the dutch navigator hendrik brouwer , who had noted it to be a faster way to reach java .
14	history the original author is luca garulli that started in 2010 by rewriting in java the fast persistent layer of orient odbms database , written in c + + .
11	live banners are built using technologies such as adobe flash , java , or microsoft silverlight , and usually employ animation together with text , images , graphics , sounds and video to catch the viewer 's attention .
22	the book 's thesis is that a global climatic catastrophe in ad 535 to 536 -- -- a massive volcanic eruption sundering java from sumatra -- -- was the decisive factor that transformed the ancient world into the medieval era ( and beyond ) .
11	syntax programming languages that use finalizers include c++/cli , c# , java , and python .
12	some systems , such as smalltalk , contemporary versions of basic , java and others may also combine two and three .
26	the various species are found in the andaman islands and sri lanka , the philippines , malaysia , the island of borneo , the island of java and papua province in indonesia , papua new guinea , including the bismarck archipelago , myanmar , laos and thailand .
13	, import package swift : import module class import falcon : import class java , matlab : import package .
6	it is used to compile sun java , openoffice.org , libreoffice , and even web server software like lighttpd and hiawatha .
11	the company also made unsuccessful forays into cad , videoconferencing , java , linux and other developments .
26	movie theaters the largest movie theater chain in indonesia is 21 cineplex , which has cinemas spread throughout twenty-four cities on the islands of sumatra , java , kalimantan , bali and sulawesi .
22	meanwhile , netscape , sun , oracle and ibm ( referred to as the '' gang of four '' ) proposed turning java into a similar type of distributed object platform that would form the basis of an internet os which could compete with windows .
16	this game was originally released in 2005 for blackberry , but has since been ported to java and windows mobile handsets .
14	humboldt died while preparing his greatest work , on the ancient kawi language of java , but its introduction was published in 1836 as the heterogeneity of language and its influence on the intellectual development of mankind .
22	the project was launched in june 2003 during the javaone developer conference , and was intended to cover all aspects of the java platform .
9	he married dutch citizen annie elisabeth maria moll in java in 1911 .
19	the javan tiger ( panthera tigris sondaica ) is an extinct tiger subspecies that inhabited the indonesia island of java until the mid-1970s .
17	the javanese ( descendants of contract workers from the former dutch east indies on the island of java , indonesia ) , form 13.7 % of the population .
22	the silk road extending from southern europe through arabia , somalia , egypt , persia , pakistan , india , bangladesh , java , and vietnam until it reaches china .
27	jpg adafruit datalogging shield with a sd slot and real-time clock chip software the arduino integrated development environment ( ide ) is a cross-platform application written in java , and derives from the ide for the processing programming language and the wiring projects .
30	range the species occurs in subtropical and tropical forests from the himalayas to eastern russia , south to the malay peninsula and sunda shelf ( borneo , sumatra , and java ) to taiwan .
20	sebesi ( also sebeezee , or ` bleezie ' ) is an indonesia island in the sunda strait , between java and sumatra .
28	the anglo-dutch treaty of 1824 consolidated this separation , with the british controlling all territories north of the singapore strait and the dutch controlling territories from riau to java .
32	relationship to the javanese tiger there are two common theories regarding the divergence of balinese and javan tigers : the first suggests that the two subspecies developed when bali became isolated from java by formation of the bali strait due to rising sea levels after the ice age .
1	in java wayang ( shadow puppets ) , the panakawan or panakavan ( phanakavhan ) are the clown servants of the hero .
6	it is found on sumatra , java , bali , the peninsular malaysia and borneo .
6	unchecked exceptions ( such as the java objects and ) remain unhandled .
19	unlike constraint programming toolkits , which expect users to write programs in a traditional programming language like c++ , java or prolog , minion takes a text file which specifies the problem , and solves using only this .
11	it is found in india , sri lanka , vietnam , java , palawan , sulawesi and the moluccas .
10	xj3d is a project of the web3d consortium developing a java toolkit/browser which displays the 3d modelling standard formats vrml97 and x3d .
7	its origin was hypothesized to be from java , indonesia or tioman island of malaysia , because of the great argus ' absence from these locations .
1	in java , indonesia , sea turtle eggs were a popular delicacy .
24	lang island ( dutch : '' long '' ; modern indonesian : rakata kecil or panjang ) lies in the sunda strait , between java and sumatra , in indonesia .
11	green fish originate from thailand , while pink fish originate from java .
8	it is found on sumatra , borneo , java , the sangihe islands , bali and the philippines .
56	as such , opengl has many language binding , some of the most noteworthy being the javascript binding webgl ( api , based on opengl es 2.0 , for 3d rendering from within a web browser ) ; the c bindings wgl , glx and cgl ; the c binding provided by ios ; and the java and c bindings provided by android .
5	the cea perspective is that java is not efficient for ce devices , and that cable companies are passing to ce manufacturers the costs of a software platform which they did n't need , and which wo n't run on their existing hardware architectures .
10	cactus is a simple test framework for unit testing server-side java code ( servlets , ejb , tag libs , ... ) from the jakarta project .
25	it is found from the moluccas to palau , fiji , samoa , tonga and new caledonia , sulawesi , the philippines , borneo and java .
14	it is found in australia and south-east asia , including borneo , sulawesi , java and malaysia .
13	third party wrappers are also available for python , perl , fortran , java , ruby , lua , haskell , matlab , idl , and native support in mathematica .
6	he was buried at semarang in java aged 78 .
20	language support c++ 's vector is an implementation of dynamic arrays , as are the arraylist classes supplied with the java api and the .net framework .
30	since 1958 , the program has offered courses spanning the full range of the pure and applied sciences , from organic chemistry and physiological psychology , to computer programming in java and calculus in the complex plane , as well as introductions to particle physics and physical cosmology .
7	bodhisattvas a statue of prajñāpāramitā personified , java , indonesia bodhisattva means '' enlightenment being '' , and generally refers to one who is on the path to buddhahood .
6	it includes apis for both the java and the c# programming languages .
11	it is found in vietnam , thailand , india , western java and eastern borneo .
13	he was captured when his plane was shot down by japan forces near java , and was then sent to a prisoner-of-war camp in nagasaki , where , on 9 august 1945 , he was killed when an atomic bomb hit the city .
10	; compilers c gnu , c + + gnu , java gnu , fortran gnu , turbo pascal , ms visual studio 6.0 ; application software octave , circuit simulators , vhdl toolkit , uml tools .
16	on 8 february 1942 , the 25th infantry brigade boarded the transport , initially bound for java .
11	over forty programming language , such as c , c++ , java , javascript , perl , python , ruby , r , sql , etc. .
9	the kingdom of janggala is one of the two java kingdoms that was formed when airlangga abdicated his throne in favor of his two sons in 1045 .
3	jump is a java based vector gis and programming framework .
16	the perfect specification language used has an object-oriented style , producing code in programming languages including java , c# and c++ .
6	the aceges tool is written in java and runs on windows , mac os and linux platforms .
18	sofcheck inspector -- static detection of logic errors , race condition , and redundant code for ada and java ; automatically extracts pre / postcondition from code .
18	finish baggage car 2008 -- launch of first in indonesia , bus krdi rail ( for aceh and java ) 2010 -- the launch of production of the economic train locomotive ac bogowonto and 5 cc204 2011 -- production for solo railbus in addition , pt .
6	in 2006 the company unveiled a java based simulation engine called l-sim which is embedded in business process management ( bpm ) solutions software .
48	background following their retreat to the western side of the indian ocean in 1942 , british naval forces did not return to the south west pacific theatre until 17 may 1944 , when an anglo-american carrier task force implemented operation transom , a joint raid on surabaya , java .
6	golden apsara in majapahit style , java , indonesia .
5	test implementation is done using java or groovy .
3	the software is java based .
35	range the butterfly is found in sri lanka , india , myanmar , thailand , laos , hainan , hong kong , western china , malaysia , the indonesia archipelago ( borneo , sumatra , java , nias , sumbawa and bali ) , philippines and sulawesi .
2	it supports java applications .
19	there is also a free software emulator version of the squeezebox , called softsqueeze , which is written in java and can be run easily as an applet inside a web page .
12	it was described by meyrick in 1933 , and is known from java , indonesia , india and the northern territory in australia .
9	there are also interfaces , which , unlike classic java - style interfaces , can contain implemented methods .
2	inhabitants of java , who are hard-headed and obstinate .
22	in 1879 he was appointed coeditor and later chief editor of the newspaper de locomotief ( the locomotive ) in semarang on java , and became editor-in-chief of indisch vaderland in 1883 .
11	indonesia in indonesia , there is a similar headdress worn in java , which is known as the blangkon .
19	her leaks were plugged and her pressure hull was patched by submarine tender when she departed for soerabaja , java on 16 december .
36	following the outbreak of the napoleonic wars in 1803 , the british admiralty had made the security of these routes a priority , and by 1807 the dutch bases at the cape of good hope and java had been neutralised by expeditionary forces to prevent their use by enemy raiders .
49	although kernighan decried pascal 's lack of type escapes ( '' there is no escape '' from '' why pascal is not my favorite programming language '' ) , pointer and type escapes lead to the sorts of problems that were addressed by the development of languages such as java and c# .
13	they are significant in number in countries such as bangladesh , indonesia , java , sumatra and bali mainly carried by sadhaba , the ancient traders from odisha who carried the language along with the culture during the old day trading , and in the western countries such as the united states , canada , australia and england .
23	by the end of the 15th century , islam was firmly established in the malay peninsula , sumatra , and northern coasts of java , brunei and north borneo .
21	teamware has been used to manage sun 's largest source trees , including those for the solaris operating system and the java system , but as part of the process of converting those code bases to open source communities , they are being moved to newer revision control systems such as mercurial .
14	checkstyle is a static code analysis tool used in software development for checking if java source code complies with coding rules .
12	java-based operating systems given that oracle's ( formerly sun microsystems ' ) java is today one of the most dominant object-oriented languages , it is no surprise that java-based operating systems have been attempted .
18	from 1900 to 1994 , he studied with the javanese dance and performance teacher , suprapto suryodarmo in java - see amerta movement .
28	in the 7th century the maritime empire of srivijaya based on palembang , sumatra , rose to power , and its influence expanded to the malay peninsula and java .
10	under indonesia 's transmigration programme , settlers from densely populated java and madura were encouraged to settle in the indonesian provinces of borneo .
4	it is found on java , bali , borneo and peninsular malaysia .
62	variation of seismicity with depth across the sunda trench subduction zone , low-angle part is the sunda megathrust -- september 2007 sumatra earthquake shown by star the sunda megathrust is a fault that extends approximately 5,500 km ( 3300 mi ) from myanmar ( burma ) in the north , running along the southwestern side of sumatra , to the south of java and bali before terminating near australia .
10	provides interfaces for the c , c++ , c# , java , python , perl , matlab , octave , and ruby programming languages .
11	david wijnveldt ( december 15 , 1891 , in jember , java -- march 28 , 1962 , in zutphen ) was a dutch amateur football ( soccer ) player who competed in the 1912 summer olympics .
12	havell points out the ground plan of the ancient hindu temple of java , the chandi siva prambanan temple is identical with that of the taj mahal .
10	the most well-known lion dances are performed in bali and java .
20	he studied medicine at the university of vienna and became a military surgeon for the dutch army , stationed in java in 1853 .
8	once the main dutch force had returned to java , the local balinese ruler jelantik refused to pay the agreed settlement to the dutch and endeavored to unite balinese forces against them .
29	distribution and ecology it has been recorded from panama , the canary islands and madeira , sierra leone and perhaps elsewhere in africa , the seychelles , india , java , and the hawaiian islands , samoa and the marquesas islands ( at least on hiva oa ) in the pacific .
32	one siamese chronicle states that anawrahta 's armies invaded the khmer kingdom and sacked the city of angkor , and another one goes so far as to say that anawrahta even visited java to receive his tribute .
97	) qaghan -- central asian tribes saopha -- shan , king of shan , today as a part of myanmar susuhanan -- the indonesian princely state of surakarta until its abolition shahinshah or padshah or badshah - persia / iran '' king of kings '' or persian rulers in hindustan ( india ) shah -- persian/iranian and afghanistan and tajikistan king sheikh -- arabic traditional regional leader , principalities of ( bahrain , kuwait , qatar , uae ) sultan / sultana -- arabic king ( present oman and former ottoman empire ) aceh , brunei , java , oman , malaysia , sultan is the title of seven ( johor , kedah , kelantan , pahang , perak , selangor , and terengganu ) of the nine rulers of the malay states .
29	megophrys montana ( asian horned frog , horned frog , asian spadefoot toad , javan horned frog , malayan leaf frog ) is a species of frog found in java and possibly sumatra .
7	at this locomotive was placed on the java rack railway for the first time .
4	for example , in java and javascript , the arithmetic right shift operator is ) ) ; whereas the logical right shift operator is ) ) ) .
53	the introduction of the padmasana as an altar to the supreme god , was the result of a 16th-century hindu reformation movement , led by dang hyang nirartha , the priest of the gelgel king batu renggong ( also waturenggong ) , at the time when islam was spreading from the west through java .
3	for example , java will not allow a float value to be assigned to a variable declared as an int without additional syntax explicitly stating that intention , while c and c++ will automatically truncate any floats assigned to an int .
9	plot young pei fen goes from mainland china to java .
24	soekarno -- hatta international airport ( ) , abbreviated shia , is the main airport serving the greater jakarta area on the island of java , indonesia , along with halim perdanakusuma airport .
19	the stars are weapons that , when used , display a bugged symbol consisting of a star and several java code snippets .
7	his father , born in semarang on java , is an indo ( dutch - indonesia ) , who went to the netherlands in 1932 after finishing his study at the batavia hbs to continue his higher education there .
13	netbeans is an integrated development environment ( ide ) for developing primarily with java , but also with other languages , in particular php , c / c++ , and html5 .
15	ms4 me supports the development and simulation of devs models via a natural language or java .
3	visad is a java component library for interactive and collaborative visualization and analysis of numerical data .
4	the japanese regime perceived java as the most politically sophisticated , but economically the least important area ; its people were japan 's main resource .
18	karel + + is conceptually based on karel , but uses a completely new syntax , similar to java .
17	after the election the prn joined the national progressive fraction , a body of ten mps from java .
18	chinese boycott and counterattacks chinese traders boycotted malacca after it fell under portuguese control , some chinese in java assisted in muslim attempts to reconquer the city from portugal using ships .
23	indonesia jemaah islamiya terror suspect noordin mohammed top was killed during a raid on his hideout by counterterrorism police in temanggung , central java on august 8 , 2009 .
25	the khmer empire grew out of these remnants of chenla becoming firmly established in 802 when jayavarman ii ( reigned c790-850 ) declared independence from java and proclaimed himself a devaraja .
13	the pcap api is written in c , so other languages such as java , .net languages , and scripting languages generally use a wrapper ; no such wrappers are provided by libpcap or winpcap itself .
24	various dialects of the tai/dai language family are spoken from assam , india to taiwan and shanxi province , china in the north to java indonesia in the south .
13	most languages designed after pascal ( such as ada , modula , and java ) also supported records .
19	lightweight test automation harnesses are not tied to a particular programming language but are most often implemented with the java , perl , visual basic .net , and c# programming languages .
4	architecture cloveretl is a java - based etl tool with open source components .
6	it is found on sumatra , java , and bali .
15	he saw service in the middle east as a 2/3rd machine gunner and then in java , indonesia , where he was captured by the japanese .
3	implementation written in java , tweaker is a stand-alone desktop application which includes optional remote desktop and web client capabilities .
5	the program was rewritten in java beginning in 1998 .
5	he successfully attacked bangka and java , which earned him the nickname schrik der roovers ( terror of the bandits ) .
14	previous first prize winners have used haskell , ocaml , c++ , cilk , java and f# .
9	in 1902 he performed botanical duties at buitzenborg , java in an effort to distribute plants to africa , new guinea , samoa and the carolines for agricultural purposes .
27	in its modern sense within indonesia social , cultural and politics perspective ; javanization could means simply as the spreading of rural javanese population of densely populated java to less populated parts of archipelago , or outer island .
13	this is a direct link with the grand , courtly style of medieval java , irrecoverable today but for the field researches of colin mcphee in bali from 1931 to 1939 .
8	akagi and her consorts covered the invasion of java , although her main contribution appears to have been providing 18 '' kates '' and 9 '' zeros '' for the 5 march air strike on tjilatjap .
8	support for c , c++ , objective-c , java , and python were added furthering developer comfort with the new platform .
16	xyroptila oksana is a moth of the pterophoridae family which is endemic to the island of java .
7	in 1890 -- 1891 he traveled in java , sumatra , and borneo , where he made embryological studies , notably on the tarsier .
16	columba is an open source email client for unix-like operating systems and windows , written in java .
103	other user-facing applications with support for essbase databases include : hyperion analyzer ( aka hyperion system 9 bi + web analysis ) hyperion reports ( aka hyperion system 9 bi + financial reporting ) hyperion enterprise reporting hyperion intelligence ( aka hyperion system 9 bi + interactive reporting ) hyperion sqr ( aka hyperion system 9 bi + production reporting ) alphablox arcplan dynasight ( aka arcplan enterprise ) oracle business intelligence suite enterprise edition ( aka obiee , siebel analytics ) the previous offerings from hyperion acquired new names as given below : api are available for c , visual basic and java , and embedded scripting support is available for perl .
13	mauve is a project to provide a free software test suite for the java class libraries .
17	it soon became apparent that the situation was hopeless and any troops committed to the defense of java would be lost .
40	the french authorities were aware of the possibility that isle de france had been captured , and had ordered that if the island was in british hands , the squadron should continue on to the dutch city of batavia on java , to operate against the british from there .
28	archipelagic empires at the start of the modern era , the spice route between india and china crossed majapahit , an archipelagic empire based on the island of java .
31	foundational technologies ibm workplace client technology was an application platform that was built on top of the eclipse rich client platform ( rcp ) 3.0 , which itself is written in java .
11	in the indonesian - malay seri rama and the indonesian - java rama keling , ravana wants to possess mandodari , the mother of rama , but instead marries a pseudo-mandodari , who looks like the real one .
20	in indonesia , the largest stock of dutch east indies - era buildings is found in the large cities of java .
11	it is found in burma and on borneo , sumatra , java and the philippines .
33	altogether 150 ryukian ships are recorded between the kingdom and southeast asia , 61 of them for annam ( viet nam ) , 10 for malacca , 10 for pattani , 8 for java etc. .
58	distribution and habitat asian common toads occur widely from northern pakistan through nepal , bangladesh , india including the andaman and nicobar islands , sri lanka , myanmar , thailand , laos , vietnam , cambodia and southern china , taiwan , hong kong and macau to malaysia , singapore , and the indonesia islands of sumatra , java , borneo , anambas and natuna islands .
21	the main perceived threats were to acehnese religion and culture from the '' neo-colonial '' government and the rising numbers of java migrants into aceh .
4	intrexx is based on java and contains the following modules : designer the designer allows enterprises to create their portal layout according to their individual corporate identity : colors , fonts , symbols , buttons and menu structures can be selected via mouse click from lists as well as a multitude of already premade design templates .
27	fall of 2006 saw the release of version 4 of the database , now stored in postgresql , and the supporting software , now written entirely in java .
3	users can download java applications , background images and polyphonic ringtones .
9	dampier sailed on two merchant voyages to newfoundland and java before joining the royal navy in 1673 .
13	it is found in the south - pacific , fiji , queensland and java .
18	the poem is popular among hadhrami descents , especially of sayyid in hadhramaut , in the island of java and in the towns of lamu , mambrui and mombasa .
10	in 1741 he was a secretary with the army on java .
4	parboiled is an open-source java library released under an apache license .
16	generalities in programming language that have a built-in boolean data type , such as pascal and java , the comparison operator such as ) and ≠ are usually defined to return a boolean value .
43	examples include : yellowstone caldera in yellowstone national park and valles caldera in new mexico ( both western united states ) ; lake taupo in new zealand ; lake toba in sumatra , indonesia ; ngorongoro crater in tanzania ; and krakatoa near java and sumatra , indonesia .
29	( see indonesian killings of 1965–66 ) during the 1930s the dutch colonial powers initiated a '' transmigration plan '' to move people from heavily populated islands such as java , to the less populated islands of irian jaya and kalimantan .
8	a magnitude 6.8 earthquake struck the south of java , indonesia , that occurred on april 3 , killing one person .
4	due to independence from java features beyond jdk 1.1 , nanohttpd is suited for embedded application development .
11	in the indonesian archipelago , the coon flies in borneo , java , sumatra , sipora , bali , palawan , sulawesi and banggai .
16	after that date , many laborers were again imported from the dutch east indies , especially java .
8	in indonesia , especially on the island of java , the sultan 's divine right is more commonly known as the wahyu , or ` revelation ' , but it is not hereditary , and can be passed on to distant relatives .
9	applications and games from t-zones , one can download java applications that run on mobile phones and store them in the phone .
17	it is an collection of open source libraries for high performance scientific and technical computing written in java .
8	artifacts from the 2nd century northwest india to java and the philippines have been found at beikthano .
24	a central web site initiates the timing using network time protocol to keep the local computers synchronized , and each location has a small java program that controls a device which interfaces with the usb port to which one 's holiday lights are connected .
2	the web-based java interface allows users to build complex models in biologically relevant terms : compartment dimensions and shape , molecular characteristics , and interaction parameters .
13	he also founded etnikom network , a network between fourteen radio station in java and sumatra which actively promote local cultures .
13	he was additionally in laos , okinawa , the philippines , macao , java and japan .
34	shackspace is also used by other initiatives and groups in and around stuttgart to host events ( tech talks , workshops , project demos , and parties ) , such as thunder talks , java and python workshops , public viewing of google i/o and worldwide html5 campout in collaboration with google developer group stuttgart , regular meetups of the linux user group stuttgart ( lugs ) , kde code sprint , nasa international space apps challenge .
8	it is known from nias , sumatra , java , borneo and the philippines .
16	sebuku ( also spelled seboekoe or sebeekee ) is an island in the sunda strait between java and sumatra .
20	at ibm , cuomo has led projects in the areas of mobile and cloud computing , web application servers , java , tcp/ip , real-time collaboration software , and high-performance transactional systems .
12	perottet 's duties on the journey involved collecting plants in réunion , java , and the philippines for re-plantation and cultivation in guyane .
7	he also appeared with symphony orchestras in java , japan , china , the philippines , federated malay states , dutch east indies , british india , burma and ceylon .
7	a magnitude 7.7 earthquake struck south of java , indonesia on july 17 at a depth of 20 km .
12	it is found in thailand , sri lanka , taiwan , western java and western sumatra .
36	js , ocaml , pascal , pdf , perl , php , postscript , prolog , scala , scheme , sed , smalltalk , tcl , tecs , text , whitespace , c , c++ , java , python , c# , go , haskell , ocaml , f# , ruby , icon , intercal and pike .
18	this can be seen in the sculptures and architectural style of the sailendra empire ( present-day malaya , java , sumatra ) .
26	comparable volcanic arc systems , which are associated with subduction zones , are active today in the aleutian islands and indonesia ( e.g. , sumatra and java ) .
22	the explosives were later moved to the south sumatra town of lubuk linggau before being taken to jakarta on the island of java .
9	these included object pascal , visual basic , and java .
50	globe trekker episodes barcelona city guide beijing city guide beirut city guide central china chinatown civil war special egypt galleons , pirates & treasures the good & bad food guide 2 ghana & the ivory coast globe shopper 2 greek islands great festivals 3 hong kong & taiwan indonesia : java and sumatra london city guide 2 los angeles city guide marrakesh and dubai city guides micronesia middle east morocco 2 new england new york city guide 2 northern italy panama & colombia persian gulf states : kuwait , united arab emirates & oman portugal and the azores queensland & the great barrier reef scotland \* silk road , china sweden & denmark sri lanka and the maldives ultimate india ultimate china ultimate caribbean vietnam food guide west india central japan # 1307 personal mccormick is married to husband gethin aldous .
11	it is endemic to indonesia where it occurs on sumatra and java , where its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forest .
20	she remained in makassar strait until 23 december , then she steamed from balikpapan , borneo , to surabaya , java , arriving the 24th .
1	unlike java or c# , objects may be synchronized not only with signals but directly on conditions .
11	in early 1942 smit was transferred to the infantry in east java , but was soon captured by the invading japanese forces .
11	it is found from india to the philippines , sulawesi and java .
45	major austin a. straubel ( september 4 , 1904 february 3 , 1942 ) was commander of the 11th bombardment squadron and acting commander of the 7th bombardment group when he died from burns received in the crash of a b-18 bolo near surabaya , java .
5	the fleet withdrew first to java and , following the fall of singapore , to trincomalee , ceylon ( now sri lanka ) .
5	it transmits to sumatra , java , kalimantan and other asean countries .
1	using java or similar technology , graphical versions of boards and counters can be manipulated in cyberspace as if a manual version of the game was being played .
6	the command-line interface is written in java and dual-licensed under the gplv2 and lgplv2 .
13	it is also naturalized in seychelles , central america , west indies , java , malaysia , maluku , philippines .
5	h-sphere has been written in java and works with any sql-compliant database .
8	the concept gained its elaborate manifestations in ancient java and cambodia , where monuments such as prambanan and angkor wat were erected to celebrate the king 's divine rule on earth .
5	example of such languages include java , python , and ruby .
14	it is found in sri lanka , india ( assam ) , burma , java and sulawesi .
6	models can be specified using annotated java , uml , xml documents , or modeling tools , then imported into emf .
10	malicious code may exploit activex , html , images , java , javascript , and other web technologies and cause the browser to run arbitrary code .
21	supported languages and operating systems slickedit lists around 60 supported programming language and file types , including c , c++ , java , html , php , xml , windows batch file , awk , makefile and ini files .
23	the malayan green whipsnake or malayan vine snake ( ahaetulla ahaetulla ) is a slender arboreal snake found in western peninsular malaysia , java and sumatra of indonesia , singapore , thailand and possibly laos up to elevation of 350 m. description and ecology the malayan green whipsnake is diurnal and mildly venomous .
6	the framework is currently available in java , .net , and ruby ( rbatis ) versions .
48	in general , the muslim community can be categorized in terms of two orientations : '' modernists , '' who closely adhere to orthodox theology while embracing modern learning ; and '' traditionalists , '' who tend to follow the interpretations of local religious leaders ( predominantly in java ) and religious teachers at islamic boarding schools ( pesantren ) .
14	he lived in yogyakarta and was interred in the jesuit necropolis at muntilan , java .
13	operation transom was a major bombing raid on japan targets at surabaya , java by american and british planes on 17 may 1944 during world war ii .
11	an isotype is held at herbarium bogoriense ( bo ) in java .
25	rajendra 's territories extended coastal burma , the andaman and nicobar islands , lakshadweep , maldives , conquered the kings of srivijaya ( sumatra , java and malay peninsula in south east asia ) and pegu islands with his fleet of ships .
40	the industry flourished in southern and eastern africa between 2.6 and 1.7 million years ago , but was also spread out of africa and into eurasia by traveling bands of h. erectus , who took it as far east as java by 1.8 million years ago and northern china by 1.6 million years ago .
7	compass is a free / open source java search engine framework built on top of lucene created by shay banon .
22	tomé pires in the suma oriental around the year 1513 mentions cirebon is one of the trade center on the island of java .
17	new objective functions for nexus can be defined using conditional expressions ; external c , c++ , java or python code ; through matlab or microsoft excel or other means , such as nastran or radioss ( finite element method ) , catia ( cad / cam ) , and ( ansys fluent or abaqus cae software , etc. grapheme with its data filtering and manipulation capabilities , along with interactive , responsive plotting functionality , ichrome 's grapheme is intended to help explore and understand large , complex data sets .
2	net , java , web , 3d and mobile technologies ( android , ios ) .
34	it retells the tortuous trip from europe to the east indies , and a detailed account of the events which transpired on the islands after the captain and some of the crew left for java in an open boat , before they returned several months later .
17	co bought her in november of that year and renamed her gunung djati after the 16th century java wali sanga sunan gunungjati .
12	initially , he was stationed in the naval harbor of cilacap , java .
8	jsword is a separate implementation , written in java , which reproduces most of the api features of the c + + api and supports most sword data content .
7	buni river is a river in southern java , indonesia .
9	it is found on peninsular malaysia , borneo and java .
8	) some garbage-collected object-oriented languages , such as java and python , feature weak references .
37	the standard defines the syntax and semantics of a core of library routines useful to a wide range of users writing portable message-passing programs in different computer programming languages such as fortran , c , c++ and java .
2	hornstedt left java in august 1784 , suffering the after-effects of malaria and jaundice , but even so managed to return with an impressive collection of natural history and ethnological objects .
30	further evidence of this comes from a british explorer , thomas forrest , who in the 1770s wrote filipinos were '' fond of musical gongs which came from cheribon on java and have round knobs on them .
11	it graphically visualizes the static structure of software systems written in java , c# or in c++ code .
26	interested in craftsmanship , weaving and the role of women in cottage industries , dunham 's research focused on women 's work on the island of java and blacksmithing in indonesia .
19	sundaland included the malay peninsula on the asian mainland , as well as the large islands of borneo , java , and sumatra and their surrounding islands .
48	after several years as a metro reporter for the chicago sun-times and the new york post , don went to asia as a correspondent in indonesia in '' the year of living dangerously , '' 1965 -- 1966 , including the fall of sukarno and mass killings in java and bali .
70	subspecies are m. a. stuarti , western and central thailand m. a. invisa , northern thailand m. a. orientalis , southeast thailand and indo-china m. a. duvaucelii , malaysia , sumatra , and the lowlands of borneo m. a. gigantorhina , nias islands , west sumatra m. a. tanamassa , batu islands , west sumatra m. a. cyanea , mt. kinabalu , north borneo m. a. australis , the nominate java subspecies m. a. hebereri , bali ripley 's m. a. eximia , north borneo , is now usually split as the bornean barbet , m. eximia .
20	karaoke on mobile phones in 2003 , several companies started offering a karaoke service on mobile phones , using a java midlet that runs with a text file containing the words and a midi file with the music .
16	calmeyer ( sometimes spelled ` calmejer ' ) was an island in the sunda strait between java and sumatra .
6	j# : a cli-compliant implementation of java .
7	hamburger -- named after hamburg , germany java , slang for coffee -- from island in indonesia kansas city strip steak , an alternate name for strip steak in the united states ( where '' new york strip steak '' is also used ) and in canada key lime -- from the florida keys where it has been grown ; also known as west indian lime , bartender 's lime , omani lime , or mexican lime , korean tacos -- fusion dish popular in california , consisting of a korean - style filling placed on a small traditional mexican tortilla .
5	this includes the rest of java island , madura , bali , as well as dharmasraya , pagaruyung , lampung and palembang in sumatra .
34	programming language and assemblers which have known self-hosting implementations include ada , basic , c , c++ , c# , coffeescript , dylan , f# , fasm , forth , gambas , haskell , java , lisp , modula-2 , ocaml , oberon , pascal , python , rust , scala , smalltalk , vala , and visual basic .
13	ironpython - python for .net and mono platforms jython - python coded in java parrot - virtual machine being developed mainly as the runtime for perl 6 , but with the intent to also support dynamic languages like python , ruby , tcl , etc. psyco - not an implementation , but jit compiler for cpython pypy - python ( originally ) coded in python , used in conjunction rpython , a restricted subset of python that is amenable to static analysis and therefore a jit .
12	gunungkaler is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
12	it is found in sri lanka , india , peninsular malaysia , java and borneo .
13	tsd files for several programming languages and libraries ( c , delphi , java , blitzbasic , etc. ) .
6	in statically typed languages such as java these multiple classes are subclasses of the same superclass .
11	the google guava is an open-source set of common libraries for java , mainly developed by google engineers .
10	areca backup is a personal file backup software developed in java .
32	it consists of a single known species , siderasis fuscata , endemic to the state of rio de janeiro in southeastern brazil , though it is also naturalized on the island of java in indonesia .
9	steers was an island in the sunda strait between java and sumatra .
32	libraries are often written in c because c compilers generate efficient object code ; programmers then create interfaces to the library so that the routines can be used from higher-level languages like java , perl , and python .
15	the coastline consists mainly of limestone cliffs characteristics of the façade of the island of java in the indian ocean .
11	sunflow is an open source global illumination rendering system written in java .
18	no search has been made for recent records from nepal , bhutan , bangladesh , peninsular malaysia , java or bali , areas where they were historically recorded .
9	a new religion , islam , was introduced from java .
9	it is found in thailand , sri lanka , java , borneo and new guinea .
13	& de vogel ) j.j. wood - myanmar , vietnam , borneo , java , sumatra , peninsular malaysia acriopsis liliifolia var .
13	as a consequence , there was a huge drop for languages such as java and c++ , yet these languages have stayed at the top of the table .
15	students isi yogyakarta enrolls about 2,000 students from all over the country , mainly from java and sumatra .
24	the scarce silverstreak , iraota rochana is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly with several subspecies found in ( manipur , burma , java , borneo , sumatra , malaya , langkawi , thailand , singapore , sulawesi and the philippines .
15	in basic , lisp - family languages , and c - family languages ( including java and c++ ) , operator = means '' greater than or equal to '' .
4	it is written in java and implements the webdav protocol .
17	tropical low a tropical low developed in the perth aor on 2 december near the coast of java .
58	responding to the press release , the state 's secretary for administration and finance , eric kriss , denied the existence of a ` freeware initiative ' and said the state was simply considering ways to integrate disparate systems using open standards such as http ( hypertext transfer protocol ) , xml ( extensible markup language ) and java .
0	java shadow puppets known as wayang kulit are the classic example of this .
23	borneo tallow nut oil is extracted from the fruit of species of genus shorea , which is native to sarawak , borneo , java , malaya and the philippines .
6	because the middleware is based on java technology , it enables cable companies and other interactive application developers to '' write '' applications once and see them run successfully on any device that supports the tru2way architecture .
18	in some languages , this is done with a keyword ( e.g. const in c++ , final in java ) that designates the field to be immutable .
13	srp-6a implementation in ruby srp-6a implementation in php and javascript srp-6a implementation in java and javascript which uses on the server .
26	it consists of only one species , chamunda chamunda , which is found from assam to burma , thailand , laos , peninsular malaysia and possibly java .
30	in 1922 a dutch provincial grand lodge , under the grand orient of the netherlands , at weltevreden ( batavia ) controlled twenty lodges in the colony : fourteen in java , three in sumatra and others in makassar and salatiga .
3	jcreator is a java ide created by xinox software .
14	microsoft claimed that .net was 10 times faster and 4 times more productive than java .
5	coconut woods in klaten , java , indonesia .
6	for example , consider the following java method call that does not use named parameters : window .
2	john left java on june 1818 , on the ship caesar .
35	supported languages many languages have redis bindings , including : actionscript , c , c++ , c# , clojure , common lisp , dart , erlang , go , haskell , haxe , io , java , javascript ( node.js ) , lua , objective-c , perl , php , pure data , python , r , ruby , scala , smalltalk and tcl .
14	internet , development of technologies such as web 2.0 , css , php , java to be used in different purposes and fields .
25	as a language interoperability tool , babel enables the arbitrary mixing of software libraries written in c / c++ , fortran , python , and java .
4	maestro is written in java , so it will run on many different platforms including microsoft windows , macintosh , solaris , linux , and irix .
9	syntactically and semantically xtend has its roots in the java programming language but focuses on a more concise syntax and some additional functionality such as type inference , extension method , and operator overloading .
24	however , unlike the earlier production melati van agam dealt with a then-relatively unknown culture ; previous works had dealt with ethnic groups from java .
24	in support of this claim , it has been noted that the 13th century traveller marco polo claimed to have seen a unicorn in java , but his description makes it clear to the modern reader that he actually saw a javan rhinoceros .
89	the project was officially announced by microsoft at the end of july 1996 that a native version of ie for '' solaris and other popular variants of unix '' would be finished by the end of the year , which would have '' equivalent functionality as that provided in microsoft internet explorer 3.0 '' , thus '' delivering on its commitment to provide full-featured web browser support on all major operating system platforms '' as well as '' supporting and promoting open standards , including html , activex and java '' .
7	for example , if a third party java library implements a class you are not allowed to modify , you can not use an instance of the class in place of an interface you have defined yourself , whereas duck typing would allow this .
9	technology as a platform , linguastream provides an extensive java api .
8	description women sorting dammar seeds in west-preanger , java .
16	it supports boo , c , c++ , c# , cil , d , f# , java , oxygene , python , vala , and visual basic.net .
10	properties daikon can detect properties in c , c++ , java , perl , and ioa programs , as well as spreadsheet files or other data sources .
8	it is found on sulawesi , borneo , java and bali .
9	'' most river names in the sundanese portion of java , indonesia start with the prefix ci - , which is sundanese for '' river '' .
15	the pelog has seven pitches per octave '' '' in the older ensembles of east java , one usually finds only one kempul , tuned to a pitch 6 or pitch 5 , and one gong ageng , with no siyem or gong suwukan .
16	virtually all of the object-oriented languages that came after -- flavors , clos , objective-c , java , python , ruby , and many others -- were all influenced by smalltalk .
21	accident shortly after 13 : 40 utc ( 20 : 40 jakarta time ) above the indian ocean , south of java , the flight crew ( consisting of 32-year-old senior first officer roger greaves and 40-year-old senior engineer officer barry townley-freeman while 41-year-old captain eric moody was in the lavatory ) first noted an effect on the windscreen similar to st elmo 's fire .
17	the ten countries or trading ports are china , korea , siam , malacca , palembang , java , sumatra , pattani , and sunda kelapa ( jakarta ) .
21	biography otto lanz painted by jan toorop in 1927 jean theodoor toorop was born on 20 december 1858 in purworejo , java , dutch east indies to a dutch-indonesian father and a british mother .
7	contub is a software project written in java which runs on windows , mac os x , linux and unix operating systems through any java-enabled web browser .
20	langley and sea witch left the convoy five days later to deliver the planes to tjilatjap ( cilacap ) , java .
10	remaining at port darwin through january 1942 otus steamed to java and trincomalee , ceylon , during february and the first part of march .
20	opencv gets a lot of support in the c + + - based openframeworks , but that does n't mean java and processing have to be left out of the fun .
10	jmule is an open source file sharing client written in java for edonkey2000 networks .
19	history the origins of kedayans are somewhat uncertain , with some of them belief that their people originated from java , in which they came during the reign of bolkiah .
1	in java it is possible to execute code even after return statement , because the finally block of a try-catch structure is always executed .
6	criticisms 389 directory server has a java - based gui front end for administration , but the underlying ldap database can be managed by other ldap compliant tools .
15	abralia renschi is a species of enoploteuthid cephalopod found in the waters of sumatra , java and the maldives .
25	because of these falling profits , gatari diversified to include chartered flights for tourists and the wood industry throughout indonesia , including in sulawesi , java , and borneo .
25	'' nexaweb technology the nexaweb enterprise web suite ( nexaweb ews ) includes legacy code analysis and capture tools and cloud application reference frameworks for java and ajax .
5	the eendracht sailed on to java and reached batavia on october 28 with a remarkable 84 of the original 87 crew members of both ships on board .
30	indonesia lies between the pacific ring of fire along the northeastern islands adjacent to and including new guinea and the alpide belt along the south and west from sumatra , java and the lesser sunda islands ( bali , flores , and timor ) .
13	similarly , kukkuta sastra as a form of divination is also exampled within java - bali religious understanding as revealed within '' tatempuran , javanese-balinese prose treatise on marks of fighting-cocks , divination of cock-fighting '' and '' palm leaf notes on divination referring to fighting cock '' found within the inventory of the library of the university of leiden .
15	however , unlike the traditional anthropomorphic form of garuda as featured in ancient temples in java , the bali garuda , or the national emblem of thailand , the design of indonesia 's garuda pancasila is rendered in modern naturalist style .
25	, which durban escorted to tandjong priok in the evacuation of singapore in february 1942 durban moved with the rest of the eastern fleet to java , after the japanese started their attack on singapore .
11	many concepts initially introduced by eiffel later found their way into java , c# , and other languages .
13	the earliest were the malayan bangsawan troupes , who traveled to sumatra and java beginning in the 1880s .
22	born into a malay aristocratic family in the sultanate of langkat in north sumatra , he was educated in both sumatra and java .
25	mappings from graphical languages such as the business process modeling notation ( bpmn ) to bpel are available , but programmers familiar to syntax like java , c , ... are disregarded .
11	it is endemic to indonesia , found on the island of java in jepara .
18	many of the projects at mirarco are completed using open source programming language , such as python , java , opengl , and processing , and some of mirarco 's lab computers feature the fedora linux operating system instead of , or in addition to , microsoft windows .
6	along taiwan , the philippines , java , solomon islands , queensland , australia shell description the size of an adult shell varies between 50 mm and 89 mm .
18	after being abandoned for some time , the project had a last revival to move from delphi to java / eclipse and then stopped again .
9	it had been intended that schlegel be sent to java to join the natural history commission , but the untimely death of temminck 's intended successor , heinrich boie , prevented the realization of this project .
3	the people of java would not use coffee as a pick me up because it is not a pick me up .
15	october december october eugène dubois finds the first fragmentary bones of ) , or ' java man ' , at trinil on the solo river .
12	cloth printed with colored patterns crafted by native techniques were exported to java and the far east .
30	malik has created a computer science line of textbooks that includes extensive and complete programming examples , exercises , and case studies throughout using programming languages such as c++ and java .
10	it is a limited version of the virtual machine of java , where a set of extra functionalities are added for the adjustment to the environment of the dtv .
15	apache objectrelationalbridge ( ojb ) is an object/relational mapping tool that allows transparent persistence for java objects against relational database .
4	the ship sailed for java in october 1628 as part of a flotilla commanded by commandeur francisco pelsaert , and arrived safely in the banda strait in july 1629 .
21	adisucipto ( or adisutjipto ) international airport ( ) is the principal airport serving the yogyakarta area on the island of java , indonesia .
15	portability spec benchmarks are written in a platform neutral programming language ( usually c , java or fortran ) , and the interested parties may compile the code using whatever compiler they prefer for their platform , but may not change the code .
6	it is found on borneo , java , bali and lombok .
29	they have a wide distribution , ranging from throughout malesia , in burma , cambodia , vietnam , thailand , malay peninsula , borneo , sumatra , philippines , java , flores , timor , sulawesi , moluccas , new guinea , further southwards through the east coast of queensland and new south wales , australia and further eastwards to the pacific islands , including tonga , new caledonia , fiji and samoa .
16	henri breuil and teilhard discovered that the peking man , the nearest relative of pithecanthropus from java , was a faber ( worker of stones and controller of fire ) .
9	membership the strength of sobri was mainly concentrated to java .
9	v5 and v6 added support for templates that used java and asp rather than tcl .
25	this would be the front for a new ecosystem based on open standards ; first , html in the web browser ; and second , java , which they hoped would become widely adopted through corba .
22	the ship stopped on 8 january at prince 's island in the straits of sunda between the indonesia islands of sumatra and java for fresh water and other supplies and reached cape town near the cape of good hope on 11 march .
6	reflection some languages , such as java , have an explicit reflection subsystems which allow access to internal implementation structures even though they are not accessible or manipulable in the same way as ordinary objects .
16	once the most widespread of asian rhinoceroses , the sunda rhinoceros ranged from the islands of java and sumatra , throughout southeast asia , and into india and china .
10	dutch colonial architecture is most visible in indonesia ( especially java and sumatra ) , the united states , south asia , and south africa .
20	chet-c ( the chapel hill electronic text-converter ) , an application originally written in vba , then as a free-standing java app , and now available as a self-contained javascript platform written by hugh cayless .
1	a java version called '' ersatz picolisp '' was released in december 2010 .
5	akysis have been reported from java , sumatra , borneo , tenasserim , thailand , myanmar , and , most recently , the distribution of akysis has been discovered to include india .
13	programing languages to be covered include ; html , css , javascript , java and node.js .
4	in order to support java ibm 4690 os version 2 brought support for long filenames by means of a virtual filesystem ( vfs ) architecture and it introduced fat32 volumes .
16	jayakatwang ( died 1293 ) was the king of short lived second kingdom of kediri of java , after his overthrow of kertanegara , the last king of singhasari .
22	on 27 february 1942 , fubuki was assigned to '' operation j '' , covering forces landing on the western portion of java .
11	hadah , whose original name was autshumao , was taken to java in 1629 by the captain of the ship ` london ' to be taught english .
5	bruno souza is a brazil java programmer and open source software advocate .
13	the plant is indigenous to malaysia , but also found in sumatera , java and borneo .
1	in java , the augmenteddickeyfuller class is included in suanshu available under the com .
4	doja profile is a java application environment specification for docomo 's i-mode mobile phone .
31	like vala , genie uses the gobject type system to create classes and interfaces declared in genie source code , without imposing additional runtime requirements ( i.e. , unlike python , java or c # , it does not require a virtual machine ) .
11	zk is an open-source ajax web application framework , written in java , that enables creation of graphical user interface for web application with little required programming knowledge .
7	the company has developed technologies for moving java , node.js , ruby ( programming language ) , python ( programming language ) and php - based applications onto the cloud .
41	distribution castanopsis acuminatissima ranges from southwestern china ( guizhou and yunnan provinces ) through indochina ( laos , myanmar , thailand , vietnam , and the chittagong hills of bangladesh ) and malesia ( malaysia ; the islands of sulawesi , java , kalimantan , and sumatra , in indonesia ; the islands of new guinea ( west papua in indonesia and papua new guinea ) and new britain ( papua new guinea ) ) .
27	the banded pig ( sus scrofa vittatus ) is a subspecies of wild boar native to the thai-malay peninsula and many indonesia islands , including sumatra , java , and the lesser sundas as far east as komodo .
30	the dutch were under severe international pressure to disband the colonial army and temporarily made these men part of the regular dutch army , while trying to demobilise them in java .
37	the origin of the story is obscure and unclear , some suggest that it was a riau sumatran malay folktale that later transmitted into malay peninsula , while some holds that it was originated from yogyakarta in java .
2	deployed to java in the netherlands east indies in the aftermath of the war two of its thunderbolt squadrons were replaced by a douglas dakota squadron and aircraft of the wing took part in the repatriation of allied prisoners of the war and internees .
11	she was later reburied in the dutch war grave cemetery in java in 1951 .
37	most mpi implementations consist of a specific set of routines ( i.e. , an api ) directly callable from c , c++ , fortran and any language able to interface with such libraries , including c# , java or python .
11	7 october 1940 : pinguin captured the tanker storstad south of java .
2	map the java collections framework ( jcf ) is a set of classes and interfaces that implement commonly reusable collection data structure .
23	it features integration with smarty , can work with xslt , and supports logging , unit testing , and class packaging similar to java .
55	june 4 -- 21 led by the american zoologist and philanthropist richard archbold and carrying australian patrick gordon taylor as navigator , the pby-2 catalina flying boat guba ii makes the first flight across the indian ocean in history , flying from port hedland , australia , to mombasa , kenya , via batavia , java ; the cocos ( keeling ) islands ; diego garcia ; and the seychelles .
14	they can usually support intensive cropping , with areas used for wet rice in java supporting some of the densest populations in the world .
5	factorypmi box factorypmi is a java based scada product by inductive automation containing three main components : the runtime , gateway , and designer .
5	there are 2 clubs from java , while papua , sumatera , kalimantan , and sulawesi each island will represent one .
39	distribution and ecology hose 's frog has been recorded from the malay peninsula south of the kra isthmus , on phuket , tioman , borneo , the batu islands , sumatra , simeulue , bangka island , belitung and java .
18	the exact native range is obscure due to extensive cultivation , but probably from malaysia , indonesia ( java , borneo , kalimantan , lesser sunda islands ) , and the philippines .
11	prisoners lining up for food in the prison of malang , java , some time between 1921 and 1932 prison food refers to the meals served to prisoners while incarcerate in correctional institutions .
18	the species was formally described in 1826 by botanist carl ludwig blume based on plant specimens collected from java .
16	in march 1942 , kaga , based out of staring-baai , helped cover the invasion of java , although her only contribution appears to have been aircraft for the 5 march 1942 airstrike on tjilatjap .
12	the story is set in a small village in the island of java , shortly after the nation 's independence .
19	singapore was under attack before they arrived and they were redeployed to batavia on the jungle covered island of java on 3 february 1942 .
8	mount lawu ( 3,265 m ) in central java , indonesia mount victoria , ( 3,100 m ) located in nat ma taung , in the southern chin state of myanmar .
32	1949 the united states of indonesia january : sri sultan hamengkubuwana ix resigns as head of the yogyakarta district after refusing dutch attempts at persuading him to become leader of a new java state .
29	from there they sailed to new zealand ( auckland and wellington ) ; australia ( sydney , the great barrier reef , cairns ) ; indonesia ( bali , java ) .
22	he was awarded the decoration for the gallantry he showed in attempting an aircrash rescue on 22 february 1945 in kletek in java .
3	guerilla fighters from java had joined the local resistance .
3	written mostly in java , eclipse can be used to develop applications .
137	features acs has the following features integration with windows identity foundation ( wif ) support for popular web identity providers including windows live id , google , yahoo , and facebook support for active directory federation services ( ad fs ) 2.0 support for oauth 2.0 ( draft 10 ) , ws-trust , and ws-federation protocols support for the saml 1.1 , saml 2.0 , and simple web token ( swt ) token formats integrated and customizable home realm discovery that allows users to choose their identity provider an open data protocol ( odata ) - based management service that provides programmatic access to the acs configuration a browser-based management portal that allows administrative access to the acs configuration web platform support acs supports all modern web platforms such as .net framework , php , python , java and ruby .
6	version history soya was originally a java 3d game system called opale .
29	the default image is under 50 mb while the size of the custom kiosk iso will depend on the choice of added extra components such as adobe flash , java , additional fonts and other factors .
32	in 1875 , after a few months in tenerife , she began a journey round the world , and for two years painted the flora of california , japan , borneo , java and ceylon .
47	features openfire supports the following features : web-based administration panel plugin interface customizable ssl/tls support user-friendly web interface and guided installation database connectivity ( i.e. embedded hsqldb or other dbms with jdbc 3 driver ) for storing messages and user details ldap connectivity platform independent , pure java full integration with spark im client can support more than 50,000 concurrent users the proprietary extension to openfire allows multiple server instances to work together in one clustered environment .
18	the javan leopard ( panthera pardus melas ) is a leopard subspecies confined to the indonesia island of java and classified as critically endangered by iucn since 2008 .
6	though a voyage from holland to java ( port to port ) normally took a 100 days or more , the kosmopoliet completed her maiden voyage in 89 days .
21	at the geographic center of maritime southeast asia , in relation to major indonesian islands , it is located north of java , west of sulawesi , and east of sumatra .
13	'' crash ' is an open source command line interface , written in java .
5	object-oriented languages , such as java and c# , have built-in support for sinks by allowing events to be fired to delegate functions .
14	the browser supports html , css , ecma script , ajax , rss and java .
1	the java gui toolkit , swing , for instance , provides the class which serves as a container for individual frames ( class ) .
7	timothy budd later rewrote little smalltalk in java , and distributes it as the smallworld system .
0	java code coverage tools are distinguished in two main categories : first tools that add statements to the source code and require to recompile the source code .
18	users can also access crystal reports from outside of microsoft environments ; this allows ( for instance ) java developers to build applications with crystal reports components .
14	during the winter of 1889-1890 , he took a scientific expedition to ceylon and java , and in 1894 traveled to mexico .
27	the arab and indian traders had traveled this region including the southern tip of south east asia the peninsula with maritime trade , the sailendra kings of java originating from kalinga were able to take control of the peninsular and part of southern siam .
14	drawing on his experience in building the great post road on the island of java in the dutch east indies , he came up with some very ambitious infrastructural projects , including a comprehensive road system , with a main road connecting elmina and kumasi in ashanti .
19	the hardware can be controlled by external programs written in c , c++ , c# , object pascal , java , perl , php , python , ruby , shell and vb.net over a usb , wifi or ethernet connection , and running on windows , linux and mac os x .
17	other software include a document viewer for doc , xls , and pdf formats , and a java midp 2.0 games player .
26	both species are distributed throughout tropical and subtropical asia , including southeast china , india , burma , laos , vietnam , malaysia , indonesia ( java and borneo ) , and the philippines ( palawan ) .
20	it is found in india , nepal , vietnam , sri lanka , peninsular malaysia , sumatra , borneo , java , bali and sulawesi .
8	at least 14 muslim transmigrants from lombok and java subsequently disappeared after being abducted from another town by an estimated 100 masked militants who had ordered the locals to gather at the village hall .
9	he was an oversea chinese who was born in java , indonesia , and whose family place of origin was fujian .
13	during the occupation , the japanese transported some 600 labourers to tarakan from java .
17	the party for national unity and solidarity ( kerukanan tulodo pranatan ingit , ktpi ) is a java political party in suriname .
32	alden remained at singapore until the morning of the 14th when , after disembarking the royal navy liaison party , she got underway with the rest of the division for surabaya , java .
42	sources the specimens used by linnaeus or johansson in writing include some provided by dr alexander garden , a horticulturist from charles town in the province of south carolina , by carl gustav dahlberg in suriname , by hans johan nordgren in java , and from the collection of baron charles de geer from the province of pennsylvania .
13	there , he met several islamic leaders and other revolutionaries from sumatra , java , and borneo ; through discussions on imperialism and colonialism , di tiro became more interested in fighting against the dutch .
5	there are dwarf forms on java , bali and sulawesi .
3	javanese traditionally in java , indonesia , the term keling is linked with the ancient 6th century kalingga kingdom , which ultimately derived from indian kalinga kingdom .
13	four principalities in western sumbawa were dependencies of the majapahit empire of eastern java .
8	objects with lock ( e.g. , as in java and c# ) can be modeled as a serializer , provided that their implementations are such that messages can continually arrive ( perhaps by being stored in an internal queue ) .
7	it is written 100 % in the java programming language and uses the native msql network protocols to talk to msql .
10	before the 16th century , pepper was being grown in java , sunda , sumatra , madagascar , malaysia , and everywhere in southeast asia .
31	since mgsi is a web service protocol , any programming language that has a soap or xml-rpc library available can be used to interface with it , although commonly c++ , java , perl , and php are used .
1	the java - based deegree framework is the most extensive implementation of ogc/iso standards in the field of free software .
17	komodo ide an ide for python , perl , php and ruby netbeans , is written in java and runs everywhere where a jvm is installed .
14	johan baptist spanoghe ( 1798 , madras -- 22 april 1838 , pekalongan , java ) was a dutch botanical collector of belgian parentage .
8	tools users can develop their own applications in java and pl/sql using tools such as : oracle forms oracle jdeveloper oracle reports oracle corporation had started a drive toward '' wizard '' - driven environments with a view to enabling non-programmers to produce simple data-driven applications .
66	commonloops ( the common isp o bject - o riented p rogramming s ystem ; an acronym reminiscent of the earlier lisp oo system '' loops '' for the interlisp-d system ) is an early programming language which extended common lisp to include object-oriented programming functionality and is a dynamic object system which differs from the oop facilities found in static languages such as c++ or java .
17	in the same year jpmorgan chase partnered with red hat to create apache qpid , initially in java and soon after c++ .
11	aspectwerkz is a dynamic , lightweight and high-performance aop/aosd framework for java .
6	some object-oriented languages , such as java , do n't support properties , and require the programmer to define a pair of accessor and mutator methods instead .
11	the 8th century wooden double outrigger sailed borobudur ship of ancient java suggested that there is ancient trading links across indian ocean between indonesia and africa ( in particular east africa and madagascar ) called the cinnamon route .
10	it is therefore advisable to visit these sites only when java , activex and javascript as well as other scripting languages have been disabled in the browser and the system is fully patched .
28	clos is a dynamic object system with multiple dispatch and multiple inheritance , and differs radically from the oop facilities found in static languages such as c++ or java .
9	noscript allows executable web content such as javascript , java , flash , silverlight , and other plugins only if the site hosting is considered trusted by its user and has been previously added to a whitelist .
32	in smalltalk , objective-c , .net , python , realbasic , and swift they are called dictionaries ; in perl , ruby and seed7 they are called hashes ; in c++ , java , go , clojure , scala , ocaml , haskell they are called maps ( see map ( c++ ) , unordered map ( c++ ) , and ) ; in common lisp and windows powershell , they are called hash tables ( since both typically use this implementation ) .
6	it is endemic to indonesia ( java ) .
16	august spennemann ( c. 1878 -- 1945 ) was a german amateur ornithologist who lived in java for 25 years ( 1915 -- 1940 ) .
22	more samples were then photographed by peter a. ouwens , the director of the zoological museum and botanical gardens in bogor , java .
12	ruby 's standard library includes a bigdecimal class in the module bigdecimal java 's standard library includes a class in objective-c , the cocoa and gnustep apis provide an class and an c datatype for representing decimals whose mantissa is up to 38 digits long , and exponent is from -128 to 127 .
3	orbit diagram a java applet is available and provided as a 3d orbit visualization tool .
9	in 1897 , christiaan eijkman worked with natives of java , who also suffered from beriberi .
37	he traveled in mexico , under a commission from the french ministry of education , in 1857-1861 ; in madagascar in 1863 ; in south america , particularly chile and argentina , in 1875 ; and in java and australia in 1878 .
9	on his way back to germany , he visited java , sumatra , malacca , and ceylon examining tropical agricultural practices .
6	it is found on nias and java .
47	formation the coastal area around the port of cirebon was known as a coastal village of muara jati , a part of sunda kingdom as stated on travel records of prince bujangga manik , a hindu sundanese hermit who visited some of the holy hindu sites in java and bali between late 15th century , or early 16th century .
7	overview the trade space visualizer is a java - based tool that includes multidimensional visualization techniques to display data files .
30	on 5 april 1815 , a moderate-sized eruption occurred , followed by thunderous detonation sounds , heard in makassar on sulawesi , away , batavia ( now jakarta ) on java away , and ternate on the molucca islands away .
9	habenaria medusa is a species of orchid endemic to java , sumatra , sulawesi and borneo .
21	it is found in burma , thailand , langkawi , peninsular malaysia , borneo , karimata , sumatra , sipora , java and mindanao .
15	it is found in india , japan , southern and western china , taiwan , java , sumatra , sri lanka , burma and the philippines .
7	the factorypmi runtime or client is a java application typically launched from a web browser .
2	similar to java , unrealscript is object-oriented without multiple inheritance ( classes all inherit from a common object class ) , and classes are defined in individual files named for the class they define .
6	the rich sangiran formation in central java ( indonesia ) has yielded the earliest evidence of hominin presence in southeast asia .
18	the martial art of pencak silat was thought to be created and firstly developed in the islands of java and sumatra .
77	programming languages with printf ampl awk ( via sprintf ) bourne shell ( sh ) and derivatives such as korn shell ( ksh ) , bourne again shell ( bash ) , or z shell ( zsh ) c c++ ( also provides overloaded shift operators and manipulators as an alternative for formatted output - see iostream and iomanip ) objective-c clojure common lisp d f# gnu mathprog gnu octave g ( labview ) go haskell j java ( since version 1.5 ) clojure scala lua ( string .
9	there are several different types used in bali and java gamelan ensembles , including the gendér , gangsa and saron .
6	jamwiki is a mediawiki clone in java , that supports mediawiki-format pages but not extensions .
16	in the indonesia archipelago , t. helena is found in sumatra , nias , enggano , java , bawean , kangean islands , bali , lombok , sumbawa , great natuna ( bunguran ) , sulawesi , butung , tukangbesi , kalimantan and brunei .
40	polling routers , switches and firewalls using snmp monitoring servers and operating systems ( processor load , disk usage , syslog , windows event logs ) extensible and open api which allows using languages such as perl , c++ , java , php , python network configuration & change management for network devices such as routers , firewalls support for ipv6 company background zyrion ( pronounced '' zeye-ree-on '' ) , was spun out of netscout systems by the core team of fidelia technology ( acquired by network general corporation in 2006 , which in turn was purchased by netscout ) .
5	pencak silat especially flourished in java which is now home to more different styles than any other indonesian islands .
12	in the jtella 0.7 client software the guid is created using the java random number without an initialization .
20	fecb also cooperated with kamer 14 ( room 14 ) , the dutch unit at the bandung technical college in java .
6	it is known from sumatra and java .
7	languages and tools client for contestants : java , python 2d visualizer : python server : python 2013 - mechmania xix : '' nautical warfare '' sponsor : palantir technologies website : gameplay a turn based tactical grid based water combat , similar to battleship .
18	net is closely linked to c syntax , and is thus very easy to learn for c# , java or c++ developers .
6	also jambi ( sumatra ) and java .
6	when pulford did not arrive in java , maltby took over command of raf far east command , but was captured and spent the rest of the war as a prisoner of war of the japanese .
21	distribution and habitat mastixia trichotoma grows naturally in the andaman and nicobar islands , thailand , sumatra , peninsular malaysia , java , borneo , sulawesi , the moluccas and mindanao .
73	extensible stylesheet language - a family of languages of which xslt is a member xquery and xslt compared xsl formatting objects or xsl-fo - an xml-based language for documents , usually generated by transforming source documents with xslt , consisting of objects used to create formatted output identity transform - a starting point for filter chains that add or remove data elements from xml trees in a transformation pipeline apache cocoon - a java - based framework for processing data with xslt and other transformers .
10	as his parents permitted him to finish his studies in java , amir moved to the colonial capital at batavia ( now jakarta ) to complete his studies .
10	the red-white flag was flown for the first time in java in 1928 .
4	it is found on java on borneo .
26	an alternative method for animations in web pages is to use conventional static images and animate them using javascript , adobe flash , microsoft silverlight , java or other plugin based technologies .
10	traditionally , in the kudus regency on the island of java , the flowers were scattered on tombs by family members .
18	chinese boycott of portuguese chinese traders boycotted malacca after it fell under portuguese control , some chinese in java assisted in muslim attempts to reconquer the city from portugal using ships .
12	platform cerf is client-server software that supports web client , multi-platform desktop java clients ( windows , mac os x ) , and ipad clients .
22	as the influence of indian culture spread to southeast asia , malla-yuddha was adopted in what are now thailand , malaysia , java , and other neighbouring countries .
1	syntax java , c++ , c# , actionscript , and have a naming convention in which constructors have the same name as the class of which they are associated with .
12	the script of the island of bali , heavily influenced by neighboring java , has a unique sub-form called tulisan bali .
36	following their arrival at kupang , yachts are invited to a number of events there and at locations on the islands of alor , lembata , flores , sulawesi , borneo , bali , karimunjava , java , and batam before they leave indonesian waters and head for singapore , malaysia , and thailand .
19	most of the games are implemented for multiple toolkits and desktops such as kde , gnome , sdl and java .
1	in java and borneo , the introduction of indian culture created a demand for aromatics , and trading posts here later served chinese and arab markets .
16	an independent implementation , also developed and maintained by unidata , is written in 100 % java , which extends the core data model and adds additional functionality .
13	in his words : releases the original identicon source package 0.1 was server-side java .
5	its last operation was in java , where it remained until a dutch force arrived to take over .
21	severe tropical cyclone ian another depression developed in the monsoon trough the further east of harriet-heather , roughly due south of java .
13	distribution and habitat the asian fairy-bluebird has a discontinuous distribution from india to java and vietnam .
13	it includes the malay peninsula and the western indonesian islands ( sumatra , java , borneo and others , known as sundaland ) , the philippines , the eastern indonesian islands , and new guinea .
46	but the other glorious spices could also be found in calicut , cochin and other major markets on the malabar coast of india cinnamon was imported in large amounts from ceylon , while , from further east , via malacca , came long pepper ( from java ) , cloves ( grown exclusively in the moluccan islands of ternate and tidore ) and , in smaller amounts , highly valued nutmeg and mace ( grown only in the banda islands ) .
12	maguwo was a landing ground on the eastern outskirts of yogyakarta , java , indonesia which was in use in the 1940s .
17	geographic range it is found in borneo , brunei , cambodia , northeastern india , indonesia , java , kalimantan , laos , malaysia , myanmar , sabah , sarawak , singapore , thailand , and vietnam .
36	some languages are designed to support one particular paradigm ( smalltalk supports object-oriented programming , haskell supports functional programming ) , while other programming languages support multiple paradigms ( such as object pascal , c++ , java , c# , scala , visual basic , common lisp , scheme , perl , python , ruby , oz and f# ) .
21	several example implementations exist : smalltalk / squeak , c++ , c# , ruby , javascript , python , qi4j ( java ) , scala , perl , and php .
30	mathomatic can be used as a floating point or integer arithmetic code generating tool , simplifying and converting equations into optimized assignment statement in the python , c , and java programming languages .
8	jack intelligent agent jack is a framework in java for multi-agent system development .
24	in the last decades of the nineteenth century , coffee rust did serious damage to the coffee plantations of sri lanka , philippines , java and malaya , which led to the collapse of the coffee industry in lipa , batangas and almost brought about the extinction of the arabica variety .
19	for some time the cruiser operated in australian waters escorting troop ships , once steaming as far north as java .
16	supported platforms sap iq also supports plugging in external algorithms written in c + + and java .
0	java has public , package , protected , and private .
16	the omnis server also can act as a hub between database servers , services based on java and .net and clients like adobe air & flex transferring data in the form of xml or web services .
5	the pillars represent the two java mountains gunung agung and gunung merapi .
24	it is found in india , nepal , southern china ( hainan , zhejiang and guangxi ) , vietnam , laos , thailand and java .
30	'' the observer newspaper on 27 january 1844 records a black tiger ( again , probably a black leopard ) intended as a present for napoleon from the king of java .
6	leverage existing css , html and java .
7	the medang or mataram kingdom was a java hindu -- buddhist kingdom that flourished between the 8th and 10th centuries .
11	from 1996 onwards , w3c focused on the development of the java - based jigsaw server .
12	history jython was initially created in late 1997 to replace c with java for performance-intensive code accessed by python programs , moving to sourceforge in october 2000 .
16	external to the ibm notes application , ibm provides toolkits in c , c++ , and java to connect to the ibm domino database and perform a wide variety of tasks .
13	it contains only one species , phepsalostoma electracma , which is found on java .
24	it is found in sri lanka , the himalaya , east to japan and taiwan south to burma and peninsular malaysia , borneo , java and new guinea .
4	ada , d , java , perl and ruby use the underscore ( ) character for this purpose .
22	ad for film shipwrecked among cannibals ( 1920 ) is an american silent film travel documentary film featuring episodes from siam , java and new guinea plus an apparently fictitious encounter with cannibals on a small island in the south pacific .
25	early life and career her serene highness princess marsi paribatra was born in bangkok , thailand , but spent much of her childhood abroad in java , indonesia and england , united kingdom , as her father left thailand in the wake of the siamese revolution of 1932 .
40	'' raef ventured into the classroom and taught computer programming in montgomery county public schools and was awarded '' cs teacher of the year '' for implementing creative lesson plans that included songs on how to program in c++ and java .
18	hsqldb ( h yper sql d ata b ase ) is a relational database management system written in java .
5	the application is programmed in java , and is maintained for windows , linux and mac os x .
9	he returned in 1832 before continuing to sumatra , java , the philippines and indo-china .
32	testcomplete is used for testing many different application types including web , windows , android , ios , wpf , html5 , flash , flex , silverlight , .net , vcl and java .
25	1503 - mar elijah , patriarch of the east syrian church , sends three missionaries '' to the islands of the sea which are inside java and to china .
24	elymnias nesaea hypereides fruhstorfer , 1903 - n. borneo elymnias nesaea coelifrons fruhstorfer , 1907s - borneo elymnias nesaea hermia fruhstorfer , 1907e - java elymnias nesaea baweana hagen , 1896 -- bawean elymnias nesaea vordemani snellen , 1902 - kangean is .
16	technology the company 's ebizframe product is based on oracle technology , middle-tier being provided by java technology .
9	this may be cross-platform , for example using a java applet , allowing the program to run equally well on various computer systems such as windows , linux and mac os .
2	he reached java in 1827 , but in 1829 he left the service , and gave himself largely to preaching , writing and distributing christian books , visiting the ships in the seaports of siam , singapore , macau , and other places .
9	siebel provides api to integrate with various platforms like java , c++ , .net , visual basic , etc. .
1	- java + borneo bogoria taeniorhiza ( schltr .
17	pseudocolus fusiformis has been collected from a variety of locations worldwide , including australia , japan , java , the philippines , reunion island , the united states , and turkey .
18	international components for unicode ( icu ) is an open source project of mature c / c++ and java libraries for unicode support , software internationalization , and software globalization .
8	it will also generate gui front-end clients in java visual basic 6 clients active server pages web service for microsoft iis asp.net vb.net in addition to compiling generated code and deploying databases to correspond with the specification .
14	it is based on the free and open-source limewire file sharing program written in java .
7	a magnitude 6.2 earthquake struck offshore of java , indonesia on september 7 .
3	it parallels a java map , which comprises key-value pairs .
24	the sdk provides interfaces to many commonly used high performance computing application environments , such as matlab , r , python , perl , java , .net c / c++ and fortran .
17	six days later , in an attempt to repeat this success , the force departed surabaja , java , to intercept an enemy convoy concentration at kendari .
20	it can reverse engineer code written in c++ , idl , pascal / delphi , ada , python , and java , as well as import xmi files generated by external tools from php or perl code and export to various programming language .
3	simple implementation in java using the mean and standard deviation .
21	kawi ( from sanskrit : kavi , '' poet '' ) is a literary and prose language on the islands of java , bali , and lombok , based on old javanese , a language with a sizable vocabulary of sanskrit loanword .
25	in 1893-94 he was stationed in the dutch east indies , being based at the buitenzorg herbarium while in the meantime collecting liverwort specimens on java and sumatra .
11	the most common host languages are prolog , c++ , and java , but other languages have been used as well .
26	third generation languages tend to be either entirely ( or almost entirely ) independent of the underlying hardware , such as general-purpose languages like pascal , java , fortran , etc. , although some have been targeted at specific processor or processor family architectures , such as , e.g. pl/m which was targeted at intel processors , or even c , some of whose auto-increment and auto-decrement idioms such as \* ( c + + ) derive from the pdp-11 's hardware which supports the auto-increment and auto-decrement indirect addressing modes , and on which c was first developed .
19	in our earlier generation solution , we took a cautious decision to bind it specifically to amazon and chose java as the primary language of choice .
4	it is endemic to java , indonesia .
21	it was created as jhepwork project in 2005 and it was initially written for data analysis for particle physics using the java software concept for international linear collider project developed at slac .
8	it is known from the obi islands and java .
30	the t. iv proved to be a reliable and seaworthy aircraft , and continued in use for local patrols and air-sea rescue operations from the naval base at soerabaja on java until 1942 , when the japanese attacked the dutch east indies .
19	his works show particular influence from the musics of south and southeast asia , particularly the gamelan music of java .
31	libguestfs is also an api and its implementation as a library that can be linked with c and c++ management programs and has bindings for perl , python , ruby , java , ocaml , php , haskell , erlang and lua and golang and c# .
20	the first hunslet engine built for export was their no. 10 , an 0-4-0st shipped via hull and rotterdam to java .
20	the city of banyuwangi is the administrative capital of banyuwangi regency at the far eastern end of the island of java , indonesia .
12	on april 20 1872 the last ship with african recruits left for java .
15	some scholars have sought to link this maharaja of zabaj with the sailendra king of java .
11	it is used by languages such as python , iota , java ( for object references ) , ruby , javascript , scheme , ocaml , applescript , and many others .
18	that year microsoft published a paper to demonstrate that its recent .net 1.0 framework was more productive than java .
56	universal monarch jayavarman ii is widely regarded as the king that set the foundation of the angkor period in cambodian history , beginning with the grandiose consecration ritual conducted by jayavarman ii ( reign 790-850 ) in 802 on sacred mount mahendraparvata , now known as phnom kulen , to celebrate the independence of kambuja from java dominion .
29	tirtayasa ( 1631 -- 1695 ) , complete stylized name sultan ageng tirtayasa , also known as ageng and abulfatah agung , was the sultan of banten ( on java in modern indonesia ) during the kingdom 's golden age .
12	outside india in indonesia several movements favor a return to hinduism in java , sumatra , kalimantan , and sulawesi .
6	it is found on flores and java .
16	it was built on a stack consisting largely of sun technologies , including solaris 10 , java , the glassfish application server , and mysql .
22	with the approval and initial assistance of dragon 's eye productions , adam maloy and christopher howard wolf converted the game to java and added a storyline , along with new features and new artwork .
21	supported programming languages since openrtm-aist is based on the corba technology , it supports several programming languages , including : c++ java python erlang ( unofficial ) tools rtc builder rtc builder rtc builder is a tool for skeleton-code generation .
27	his father , a member of the imperial diet until the act of his son forced him to resign , and his married sister exiled themselves to java , dutch east indies in order to escape the disgrace which namba , by his act , had brought upon the family .
0	java has been used for implementation part and the project database is based on sql - server .
22	it is found in india , myanmar , tadzhikistan , afghanistan , korea , taiwan , malaysia , the philippines and on java and timor .
6	it is found on bali , java , sumatra and in malaysia .
23	the relationships are specified in the science of object oriented design and object interface standards defined by popular use , language designers ( java , c++ , smalltalk , visual prolog ) and standards committees for software design like the object management group .
32	japan hong kong south korea united arab emirates philippines canada traditional performing arts music sundanese gamelan players indonesia is home to various styles of music , with those from the islands of java , sumatra and bali being frequently recorded .
24	some early scholars , such as george coedès and lawrence palmer briggs , have established the notion that it refers to the island of java in present-day indonesia .
16	the dish is popular and widely served in the indonesian archipelago , especially in sumatra , java and also malay peninsula and borneo .
4	for example , if java is extended with a better syntax for collections and then again extended with a better syntax for dates , these extensions will work well together .
29	on 25 march 2011 , spotify temporarily removed display advertising from external sources on its open and free accounts , due to an attack which used an exploit in java to place malicious code on victims ' computers .
7	nepenthes pilosa was discovered in 1899 by java plant collector amdjah during the nieuwenhuis expedition , on which amdjah also made the first collection of ephippiata .
26	the concept is older , however , dating back to the concept of a default , and can be spotted more recently in the roots of java libraries .
40	biography dora van gelder was born at a dutch camp called tjeweng located about five kilometers south of djombang city situated in the dutch east indies , which at that time was a dutch colony and today is known as java .
11	on 4 february 1942 , marblehead stood out of surabaya , java , as part of a mixed american - dutch cruiser-destroyer force under rear admiral karel w. f. m. doorman , rnn .
24	in addition , these tools normally provide extension mechanisms for software integration , such as an http interface to a web site and a java interface for connecting to a database .
14	paw - fortran/c data analysis framework developed at cern scavis - a multiplatform ( java - based ) data analysis framework from the community of developers led by dr. s. chekanov r - a programming language and software environment for statistical computing and graphics .
4	it is found on java , bali , lombok and flores .
17	it is a web-based solution , developed by iress market technology ( ) and based on the java runtime environment .
19	it can generate html documents from a variety of programming language , including c , c++ , c# , java , idl , php , and visual basic .
25	on 8 january , new orders arrived , and she set a course for soerabaja , the dutch naval base on the northeast coast of java .
14	early life lil dagover was born marie antonia siegelinde martha seubert in madiun , java , dutch east indies ( now indonesia ) to german parents .
26	a subspecies called the trinil tiger ( panthera tigris trinilensis ) lived about 1.2 million years ago and is known from fossils found at trinil in java .
0	java source code for the '' google wave federation prototype server '' was released in a mercurial repository in july 2009 under the apache license 2.0 .
7	features sisc depends on sun microsystems ' java programming language platform .
3	pdf studio is java - based and runs on windows , mac , linux , solaris and aix .
9	it has support for the c , c++ , java , javascript , python and vala programming language .
14	it also comes with bindings for c , c++ , delphi , go , java , .net , python and runs on linux , mac os x , and windows .
5	raffles was appointed lieutenant-governor of java by minto during the 45-day operation , and crawfurd was appointed the post of resident at the court of yogyakarta in november 1811 .
4	it is found on java , sumatra , peninsular malaysia and borneo .
14	the programs can be written in a number of different programming languages , including java , c / c++ , and python .
6	squadron deployed aircraft from australia to java in january 1942 to support allied forces during the dutch east indies campaign , carrying out bombing missions against the advancing japanese forces .
8	in indonesia like in kalimantan , sumatra , java and may occur in bali ; in the west coast of malaysia and also in thailand , cambodia , and vietnam but not east of the wallace line .
24	( ) : world war ii : the seaplane tender and aircraft transport was bombed by japanese aircraft in the indian ocean south of java , dutch east indies with the loss of 16 of her 468 crew .
13	kingdom 's name initially the kingdom identified only through its location yawadvipa ( java island ) as mentioned in canggal inscription ( 732 ) .
5	also felt at jakarta , java .
1	in java and borneo , the introduction of indian culture creates a demand for aromatics .
8	ternary from c , c++ , c# , java , perl and variants comes the ternary operator , which is a so-called conditional operator , taking three parameters .
32	he was awarded the dso in 1946 for the gallant example he had set to his fellow captives while he was a prisoner of war during the japanese invasions of sumatra and java in 1942 .
22	dutch informants notified linois of the fleet 's destination and date of departure from canton while he was anchored at batavia on java , and he sailed in search of the convoy on 28 december 1803 , eventually discovering it in early february .
15	' '' he settles on a three-sentence definition : types of colonialism dutch family in java , 1927 historians often distinguish between two overlapping forms of colonialism : settler colonialism involves large-scale immigration , often motivated by religious , political , or economic reasons .
17	in the east indies winkel was conscripted into the royal netherlands army in 1928 and served in java before joining the colonial administration .
19	it supports cgi , frames and other languages beside html , for instance php , perl , c++ , java , and javascript development .
9	there are also artefacts from india , bali , java and peru , and a collection of british and american patchwork quilt from the last 200 years .
12	phyllocnistis minimella is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from java , indonesia .
3	jpg kris from java file : barung shandigan lamination 1 .
0	java has several primitive types that are not objects .
2	maven : java project management and comprehension tool mina : multipurpose infrastructure for network application , a framework to develop high performance and high scalability network applications .
8	the javanese are concentrated on the island of java but millions have migrated to other islands throughout the archipelago .
9	the laguna copperplate inscription dated from 900 ce mentioned java medang kingdom and the srivijaya empire .
9	in the pacific , it occurs off japan , java , australia and new zealand , and the hawaiian islands .
9	ascape an original implementation was developed in ascape , java software suitable for agent-based social simulation .
11	satu suro has numerous associations in folk tales and superstitions in java , indonesia that vary considerably through regional variation in cultural practices .
12	two of the recordings were from bali , and three were from java : bali : gamelan semar pegulingan bali : music from the shadow play , music from a wayang performance ( 1971 ) .
49	bandung conference billed as an all - oriental meet to promote afro-asian economic and cultural cooperation and to oppose colonialism orneocolonialism by either the united states or the soviet union in the cold war , or any other imperialistic nations , the asian–african conference was held in bandung ( java ) in april 1955 , upon invitation extended by the prime ministers of india , pakistan , burma , ceylon , and indonesia .
14	distribution and habitat its range covers the malay peninsula , borneo , sumatra , java , bali , seram and the lesser sunda islands east to timor .
15	paleontology october - eugène dubois finds the first fragmentary bones of ) , or ' java man ' , at trinil on the solo river .
7	it is found in the philippines , java , new guinea , china ( hainan ) and palau .
17	version 3 opera 3.62 opera 3 was the first version of opera with javascript support , but java was still missing .
43	the introduction of the pad empty throne as an altar to the supreme god acintya , was the result of the 16th century hindu reformation mouvement led by dang hyang nirartha , at the time when islam was spreading from the west through java .
4	it is written in java and has a standard widget toolkit based graphical user interface .
7	muhammad subuh sumohadiwidjojo ( born 1901 in java , indonesia ; died 1987 ) .
6	checked exceptions similar to those in java .
10	distribution the bold-striped tit-babbler is found in borneo , and java .
7	he was the champion of the island java ( now jawa , indonesia ) , and played alexander alekhine in a simultaneous game in batavia ( now jakarta ) in 1933 .
34	functionality the main features of yakindu statechart tools are : smart combination of textual and graphical modeling syntactic and semantic validation of the state machines executable models via the simulation engine code generators for java , c and c++ history the first version of yakindu statechart tools was released in 2008 as part of the research project mda for embedded .
18	this involved assembling a naval and transport fleet in ambon bay , where ships started to arrive from java on may 16 .
19	anant altekar mentions that sati spread with hindu migrants to southeast asian islands as well , such as to java , sumatra and bali other hindu-influenced cultures where reports of sati has come are from cambodia and mergui in present day burma ( myanmar ) .
3	the government of java recruited a group of 18 chinese for contract labor in the catharina sophia plantation in saramacca .
21	the special region of yogyakarta ( or ; , or diy ) is a region of indonesia on the island of java .
8	activejpa is an open-source application framework written in java for object-relational mapping .
18	distribution the distribution range includes pakistan , india , nepal , assam , myanmar , indochina , and java ( lekagul and mcneely , 1977 ) .
8	r. t. russa ( javan rusa deer ) java .
34	additionally , objective-c 's use of a smalltalk - like syntax for making method calls has been replaced with a dot-notation style and namespace system more in common with other c-derived modern languages like java or c# .
18	terebralia palustris is the largest mangrove gastropod , with a maximum shell length of 190 mm recorded from java .
33	her first name between 1921 and 1929 was zaandijk , and she served as a merchant ship in the dutch company solleveld van der meer & t.h. van hattum , transporting goods to java and sumatra .
19	december 18 december -- a boat sailing from indonesia carrying over 200 asylum seekers sinks off the coast of java while heading for christmas island .
6	it occurred on the island of java from 28 february-12 march 1942 .
4	redberry is written in java and provides extensive groovy - based programming language .
11	for even wider scope , from bandar lampung on sumatra to java to denpasar on bali lies a near '' continual '' series of cities broken by some straits that potentially qualify as a megalopolis .
15	wonosari is the administrative center of gunung kidul regency , in yogyakarta special region on java , indonesia .
9	unofficial bindings for many languages exist including .net , java , perl , ruby , python , freebasic , lua , delphi , c++builder , autoit and even , though most of them have been unmaintained for more than five years .
21	many languages , such as c++ , perl , and haskell provide the same interpretation of ' n ' as c. java , php and python provide the ' r n ' sequence ( for ascii cr + lf ) .
23	the native types are : integer ( 32-bit signed ) real ( 32-bit floating point numbers , similar to the float type in java ) string ( limit is 1023 signs , actually to provide save/load compatibility it 's required to use only 1013 signs ) boolean code all other types are considered non-native .
27	it is found in south-east asia , including northern india , thailand , laos , assam , burma , vietnam , tonkin , hainan , sumatra , java , lombok , celebes , amboina , buru and batjan .
20	en route , the ship made an extended stopover in the dutch settlement of batavia , on the island of java , then part of the colonial dutch east indies ( present day indonesia ) , in march , 1819 .
49	the scripting framework , which supports javascript , jython , jruby , clojure , beanshell and other languages , is an integral part of the development of fiji ; many developers prototype their plugins in one of the mentioned scripting languages , and gradually turn the prototypes into proper java code .
20	in software engineering practice , they are often called signal and wait , release and acquire ( which the standard java library uses ) , or post and pend .
22	one of the language designers is guy l. steele jr . , whose previous work includes scheme , common lisp , and java .
10	the dutch government established a civil and military system in java and sumatra early in the 19th century , the birds being obtained from baghdad .
12	despite the breed 's name , which comes from the island of java , it was developed in the u.s. from chickens of unknown asian extraction .
9	allows command line operations and interfaces to com , java , and .net and also includes a built-in http server .
27	if the interview is for general programming or development position , a thorough knowledge of one mainstream language such as c , c++ , c# , or java may be enough to get by .
17	in early 1942 ( january to march ) , his fleet was involved in the invasions of java and sumatra .
12	as with the rest of the jikes rvm the implementation is in java , but the main dependence is on vm magic .
25	transmigration the transmigration program ( transmigrasi ) was a national government initiative to move landless people from densely populated areas of indonesia ( such as java and bali ) to less populous areas of the country including papua , kalimantan , sumatra , and sulawesi .
7	george augustus addison ( calcutta , 1792 java , about january 1815 ) was the author of collected works published posthumously under the title , indian reminiscences , or the bengal moofussul miscellany , in london by edward bull in 1837 .
26	bindings like many libraries in the gnome platform , gconf can be accessed using various programming languages , such as c , c++ , perl , java , c # , vb.net and python .
11	it has been grown in peninsular malaysia , western and eastern java ( indonesia ) , northern borneo ( indonesia ) , northern sulawesi ( indonesia ) and the philippines ( luzon ) .
10	the group flew b-17 , b-24 , and lb-30 from java against enemy airfield , shipping , and ground installations during the japanese offensive against the netherlands east indies during early 1942 , and was again evacuated on 2 march to australia .
16	the division between asia and australasia ( oceania ) is disputed , and placed somewhere between java and new guinea .
12	original release panotools consists of the following components : ; pteditor : java interactive panorama editor .
8	officially supported languages for development and deployment are java , php , python and ruby via the open buildpack api originally developed by heroku .
9	bandung is a city in the western part of java island in indonesia .
21	he began his career in the early 1980s as a programmer in apl and basic before moving on to c++ and java and running development groups .
8	on 15 january wavell moved to bandung in java to assume control of abdacom .
22	lupis is often found in traditional markets throughout indonesia , and in javanese area , especially in the middle and eastern of java .
43	returning to fremantle 27 june from her patrol area off southern indo-china and western borneo , the submarine refitted for her fourth war patrol , during which she performed three dangerous special missions , landing and later evacuating agents from the coast of java .
8	cephas was recognized for his contributions to preserving java 's cultural heritage through membership in the royal netherlands institute of southeast asian and caribbean studies and an honorary gold medal of the order of orange-nassau .
29	metallanchista perlaeta is a species of black colored ground beetle in the lebiinae subfamily that can be found in such asia countries as malaysia and indonesia islands such as java and sumatra .
40	geographic range d. russelii is found in india , pakistan , sri lanka , bangladesh , nepal , myanmar , thailand , cambodia , china ( guangxi , guangdong ) , taiwan and indonesia ( endeh , flores , east java , komodo , lomblen islands ) .
2	netbeans / java this is a professional level platform .
63	( tablet 7 ) '' a party speaking their languages , severed , holy , sanctified and filled with the love of god , must turn their faces to and travel through the three great island groups of the pacific ocean -- polynesia , micronesia and melanesia , and the islands attached to these groups , such as new guinea , borneo , java , sumatra , philippine islands , solomon islands , fiji islands , new hebrides , loyalty islands , new caledonia , bismarck archipelago , ceram , celebes , friendly islands , samoa islands , society islands , caroline islands , low archipelago , marquesas , hawaiian islands , gilbert islands , moluccas , marshall islands , timor and the other islands .
6	in 1921 , she traveled to java where she spent three years with her sister .
13	ter poorten was also allied land forces commander in the american-british-dutch-australian command on java during early 1942 .
36	it is considered native to china ( hainan region ) , the ryukyu islands , bangladesh , india , sri lanka , the andaman and nicobar islands , cambodia , thailand , vietnam , borneo , java , maluku , malaya , the philippines , sulawesi , sumatra , the bismarck archipelago , new guinea , the solomon islands , the caroline islands , queensland , and the australian northern territory .
10	the dutch surrendered 8 march after japanese troops landed on java .
4	sunan ampel came to java in 1443 ce , possibly to visit his aunt dwarawati , a princess of champa who was married to kertawijaya , the king of majapahit .
32	developers can write code for cloud services in a variety of different programming languages ; however , there are specific software development kit ( sdks ) started by microsoft for python , java , node.js and .net .
3	thymeleaf is a java xml / xhtml / html5 template engine that can work both in web ( servlet - based ) and non-web environments .
2	is a java implementation of linq .
6	look at the following example from java : public class class1 -lcb- int f ( int x ) -lcb- return x +3 ; -rcb- -rcb- public class class2 extends class1 -lcb- @ override int f ( int x ) / / overriding -lcb- return x \* x ; -rcb- int f ( int x , int y ) / / overloading -lcb- return x \* y ; -rcb- -rcb- special methods special methods are very language-specific and a language may support none , some , or all of the special methods defined here .
14	sadly , john leyden never returned to his native land as he died on java on 28 august 1811 .
3	however , in java and bali , several systems were devised beginning at the end of the 19th century , initially for archival purposes .
12	geographic range it is found in southeast asia from indochina south to java and bali .
27	only a few programming language support hot swapping natively , including pike , lisp , erlang , smalltalk , visual basic 6 ( not vb.net ) and java .
15	using bison from other languages bison can only generate code for c , c++ and java .
17	distribution this species can be found in tenasserim island , malayan peninsula , borneo , sumatra and java .
31	distribution the skipper is found in sri lanka , india , myanmar , thailand , laos , south vietnam , hainan , malay peninsula , indonesia archipelago ( including borneo , java , kangean , bali , lombok , bawean , sumba , sumbawa ) and the philippines .
24	the '' thumb '' has different names in different environments : on the macintosh it is called a '' scroller '' ; on the java platform it is called '' thumb '' or '' knob '' ; microsoft 's .
27	while water resources are quite abundant in sumatra , kalimantan , sulawesi , maluku and irian , water shortages occur during the dry season in parts of java , bali and the lesser sunda islands .
29	in february , she patrolled the flores sea from north of timor to lombok strait in the sunda islands , then put into tjilatjap on the south coast of java on 13 february .
14	it saw the end of the last allied warships operating in the waters around java , allowing japanese forces to complete their conquest of the netherlands east indies unhindered .
3	tasman served the java -- south africa route until transferred to the south pacific new zealand - sydney service .
22	clusterpoint server has native client api libraries using faster tcp/ip transport protocol for the following popular programming environments : php .net python java licensing and support commercial .
8	a complete re-implemenation was done , again using java but this time eclipse - based .
30	conus nobilis victor distribution this marine species is found in sublittoral and deeper waters of the indo-pacific from sri lanka , the andaman islands and nicobar islands along sumatra and java to timor ; along the marquesas islands .
16	despite the large and dwarf forms , four subspecies are known : g. v. variegatus ( java ) , g. v. temminckii ( sumatra ) , g. v. borneanus ( borneo ) , and g. v. peninsulae ( peninsular malaysia and mainland of southeast asia ) incorporating on the genetic species concept due to geographic isolation and genetic divergence .
11	walter william strickland ( b. westminster 26 may 1851 - d. java 9 august 1938 ) was the son of sir charles strickland , 8th baronet ( 1819 -- 1909 ) .
15	installed production capacity ( 2011 ) is almost 1,200 mw from six geothermal fields in java , north sumatra and north sulawesi .
9	highly influenced by programming languages such as c , java , self , and scheme , javascript supports object oriented , functional , and imperative programming styles .
22	the eldest , sir stephen john bull , 2nd baronet ( 1904 -- 1942 ) , was killed on active service in java , east indies .
11	this approach became common practice later , e.g. , pascal or java , but the richards bcpl compiler was the first to define a virtual machine for this purpose .
27	the population is now confined to as few as 40 animals in the wild , ujung kulon national park on the western tip of the island of java .
21	programs that call swt are portable , but the implementation of the toolkit , despite part of it being written in java , is unique for each platform .
15	it is found in coastal and estuarine habitats in southeast asia , where documented from java , borneo , singapore , the philippines and thailand .
30	he traveled to the dutch east indies as head surveyor , and worked in that capacity for 18 years , publishing his works on the triangulation of the island of java in six books .
16	while australian forces succeeded in occupying the outer islands with minimal resistance , british forces in java and sumatra were challenged by a nascent indonesian republic led by sukarno and hatta .
53	on-device portals can be targeted to a specific mobile operating system or provide multi-platform support allowing operators to achieve a consistent , branded experience across of all devices whether they run on symbian ( symbian os ) , microsoft ( windows mobile ) , brew ( binary runtime environment for wireless ) , java or research in motion ( rim ) platforms .
11	it is found in sri lanka , india , indonesia ( java ) , myanmar and kenya .
16	the fertile volcanic soil of much of the indonesia archipelago -- and particularly the islands of java and bali -- has made rice a central dietary staple .
59	the languages of their descendants , who are known as the taiwanese aborigines nowadays , belong to the austronesian language family , which also includes the malayo-polynesian languages spanning a huge area , including the entire maritime southeast asia ( i.e. , tagalog of the philippines , malay and indonesian of malaysia and indonesia , or the javanese of java ) , the pacific and indian ocean : westernmost to the malagasies of madagascar and easternmost to the rapa nui people of easter island .
6	on a side note , the java wcms community has also been paying attention to the development of typo3 neos and typo3 flow , for its modern architecture and transparent code basis development on 2 june 2009 the first build was released as flow3 1.0.0 alpha 1 in the following period about 14 alpha versions where released , until flow3 was ready for the beta phase in august 2011 .
10	in the region of cirebon on the northwest coast of java , kemanak are played in pairs by striking one against the other in a repetitive fashion .
25	the film illustrates how far surfing had spread , with footage of surf sessions in france , south africa , costa rica , bali , java , and even alaska .
3	cloveretl is a java - based data integration framework designed to transform , cleanse , and distribute data into applications , databases , and data warehouses .
10	the same month , nwa 's liberators attacked targets in java in the lead-up to the battle of tarakan that commenced on 1 may .
11	orientdb is an open source nosql database management system written in java .
9	it was discovered even earlier by louis deschamps in java between 1791 and 1794 , but his notes and illustrations , seized by the british in 1803 , were not available to western science until 1861 .
10	computer programming background ( knowledge of c , c++ , java , php , assembly , or other programming language ) knowledge of formatting standards like doxygen , javadoc , or dita knowledge of editors and tools , like framemaker excellent communication and writing skills to interact with developers expert api / sdk writers can easily become programming writers .
11	it is found in indonesia ( it was described from eastern java ) .
10	teluknaga is a town in the province of banten , java , indonesia .
8	emil selenka decided to organize an expedition to java to find more evidence .
14	indonesia 's most active volcanoes are kelut and mount merapi on the island of java .
9	sirik was a village on the indonesia island of java that was destroyed by a massive tsunami caused by the krakatoa volcanic eruption in 1883 .
9	1st military area command , overseeing western part of java , manned by 1st infantry division , commanded by maj gen w. schilling .
5	playn is an open source java software framework and set of libraries intended to create multi-platform games and distributed under the apache license 2.0 .
16	university researchers helped develop ucsd pascal , an early machine-independent programming language that later heavily influenced java , the national science foundation network , a precursor to the internet , and the network news transfer protocol during the late 1970s to 1980s .
1	on java , nearly everyone identifies with islam , but most people practice agama jawa , javanese religion , or javanese islam .
16	during world war ii , several raids were launched against the japan forces in borneo and java using catalina flying boats by the royal australian air force from cockatoo island in yampi sound .
80	range and distribution they are not common , but far ranging from coastal , eastern africa ( including the seychelles , and the zanzibar archipelago ) , states with indian ocean coastline , to the pacific ( philippines , cook islands ) , northwards up to taiwan and the ryukyu islands other places reporting pemphis include mainland coastal tanzania , thailand , malaysia ( johore ) , singapore , indonesia ( papua , sumatra , the moluccas , madura and java ) , papua new guinea , hong kong and throughout tropical australia .
9	overview tangerang is an industrial and manufacturing hub on java and is home to over 1,000 factories .
4	it is written in java and runs on microsoft windows , linux and mac os x .
13	groovy was motivated by the desire to bring the python design philosophy to java .
12	in february and march 1946 , lst 3010 was in service in java , dutch east indies , where a war of independence was taking place .
10	tortuga is a software framework for discrete event simulation in java .
5	it is also known from java .
1	in java the following is a syntactically correct statement : while the following is not : the second example would theoretically print the variable hello world instead of the words hello world .
15	the service also supports common programming frameworks and languages , including ruby , node , java , .net , and python .
20	after a brief stay at that port , she called at makassar before receiving orders to proceed to surabaya , java , in the netherlands east indies , where she spent christmas .
11	it was the last time she would visit her birthplace , java , and the year her dutch indies literature masterpiece heren van de thee was published .
23	the journey involved sailing on three inter-island steamers to sumatra , hiking over 100 miles across the island to catch a ferry to java , and then a voyage from batavia to australia aboard a flat-bottomed river boat with johnston serving as navigator .
10	the most active volcanoes are kelud and mount merapi on java island , which have been responsible for thousands of deaths in the region .
110	neural network architectures adaline neural network adaptive resonance theory 1 ( art1 ) bidirectional associative memory ( bam ) boltzmann machine counterpropagation neural network ( cpn ) elman recurrent neural network neuroevolution of augmenting topologies ( neat ) feedforward neural network ( perceptron ) hopfield neural network jordan recurrent neural network radial basis function network recurrent self organizing map ( rsom ) self organizing map ( kohonen ) training techniques backpropagation resilient propagation ( rprop ) scaled conjugate gradient ( scg ) levenberg–marquardt algorithm manhattan update rule propagation competitive learning hopfield learning genetic algorithm training instar training outstar training adaline training see also joone : another neural network programmed in java fann , a neural network written in c with bindings to most other languages .
36	in early 1942 , tokitsukaze participated in the invasion of the netherlands east indies , escorting the invasion forces for menado , kendari and ambon in january , and the invasion forces for timor and eastern java in february .
73	jpg sculpture of guardian at the entrance of the mandapam of sri jalagandeeswarar temple , vellore , tamil nadu south-east asia 9th century khmer lintel the sculpture of the region tends to be characterised by a high degree of ornamentation , as seen in the great monuments of hindu and buddhist khmer sculpture ( 9th to 13th centuries ) at angkor wat and elsewhere , the enormous 9th-century buddhist complex at borobudur in java , and the hindu monuments of bali .
7	a magnitude 6.0 earthquake struck south of java , indonesia on september 21 at a depth of 25 km .
16	city of manchester , built 1935 , sunk 28 february 1942 by japanese submarine i-153 off java 6 .
15	their music sounds traditional , but has actually been composed for the production by the java composer rahayu supanggah after intensive research in south sulawesi .
20	since around 1999 , companies have started appearing offering conversion tools to convert builder code to compiled visual basic and java .
6	language support many languages , including java and functional language , do not provide language constructs for inline functions , but their compilers or interpreters often do perform aggressive inline expansion .
8	additionally , the p900 supports applications written in java .
30	submodule fortran 90+ : use module , use module , only : identifier go : import altname '' package/name '' haskell : import module , import qualified module as m java , matlab : import package .
0	java , c++ and d allow inheritance or overriding a class method to be prohibited by labeling a declaration of a class or method , respectively , with the keyword '' final '' .
13	sindang jaya is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
12	it is available for amigaos , dos , linux , gp2x , java , os x , wii , morphos , riscos , dreamcast , unix and windows .
4	it comes with 3 java games that are controlled with the remote control and displayed to its lcd screen .
19	in other languages , semicolons are called terminator s and are required after every statement ( such as in java , and the c family ) .
24	saxon : an xslt ( 2.0 and partial 3.0 ) and xquery 3.0 processor with open-source and proprietary versions for stand-alone operation and for java , javascript and .
6	the mataram held considerable power in java , yet it submitted to the dutch .
10	fhtml can be used with server-side web technologies such as java , .net framework and php , and includes a layout engine that is more flexible than css .
3	an open source java application for variable-group agglomerative hierarchical clustering , with graphical user interface .
13	on 15 january , wavell moved his headquarters to lembang near bandung on java and assumed control of allied operations .
6	the complete toolset is written in java and uses ecmascript as a scripting language .
25	the state of pasundan ( indonesian and ) was a federal state ( negara bagian ) formed in the western part of indonesia island of java by the netherlands in 1948 as part of an attempt to reestablish the colony of the dutch east indies during the indonesian national revolution .
22	nevertheless , the northern kingdom engaged in its share of trade with many of the other states in the region , including java , sumatra , and the ayutthaya kingdom of siam .
4	scec-vdo is an open-source java based earthquake visualization software package .
10	van den berg 's interest in the arab communities of java led him to complete an important work on this subject .
24	oberonia titania or soldier 's crest orchid is a member of the oberonia ( '' fairy orchids '' ) , and is found in java , north queensland , new south wales , new caledonia and norfolk island .
25	sundacarpus is also found on the indonesian islands of buru , halmahera , morotai , sulawesi , lombok , flores , timor , sumbawa , java , sumatra , and sabah province on the island of borneo ; also mindanao and luzon in the philippines .
21	the officers and european crew from talthybius formed part of the crew of , which took 600 refugees form singapore to java , indonesia and then towed from tanjung priok , indonesia to freemantle , australia .
4	elasticsearch is developed in java and is released as open source under the terms of the apache license .
27	distribution this species is widespread in the indian ocean from the southern red sea to kwazulu-natal province in south africa and as far east as india and java .
28	distribution and habitat the orange-headed thrush breeds in the much of the indian subcontinent , including bangladesh , india and sri lanka , and through southeast asia to java .
54	the specimen , pulle 277 , was collected in southwestern new guinea at the '' ( b ) order of the beaufort river '' at an altitude of 80 m. it includes male floral material and is deposited at the bogor botanical gardens ( formerly the herbarium of the buitenzorg botanic gardens ) in java .
9	the relief sculptures at the candi jago in east java are narratives of the mahabharata and are good examples of wayang style .
15	azul systems , inc. , a privately held company , develops runtime platforms for executing java - based applications .
25	significantly , oracle , previously only a software vendor , now owned both hardware and software product lines from sun ( e.g. sparc enterprise and java , respectively ) .
24	type libraries are used to generate proxy pattern / stub code for interoperating between com and other platforms , such as microsoft .net and java .
22	this series , funded with grants from caltex pacific indonesia and pertamina , documents fourteen traditional dance performances from the islands of java , bali , sumatra and kalimantan .
11	a viral epidemic may explain the prevalence of black leopards in java and malaysia and the relatively high incidence of black leopard and black serval in the aberdares region of africa .
18	the great post road ( or ) , is the name for the historical road that runs across java that connects anyer and panarukan .
6	'' the engine is available in java , c , or com apis and has wrappers for xml and daml .
19	in 1994 , steele joined sun microsystems and was invited by bill joy to become a member of the java team after the language had been designed , since he had a track record of writing good specifications for existing languages .
5	stored procedure -- written in java for cross-platform portability -- are included at the sql layer .
4	presently windows mobile and java based phones are also supported through the program .
6	modern languages ( e.g. haskell and java ) tend to avoid copybooks or includes , preferring module and import/export systems for namespace control .
12	, updating the visual style of the site and replacing the former java - based chat system .
4	it is found on java and in thailand .
14	application and tools developers can embed predictive and descriptive mining capabilities using pl/sql or java api .
1	in java , the qualifier final states that the affected data member or variable is not assignable , as below : final int i = 3 ; i = 4 ; / / error !
37	antipodes the llanos of venezuela , along the course of the apure and orinoco rivers , are antipodal to central indonesia , specifically the islands of bali , lombok , sumbawa , madura , and most of java .
10	it is assumed that it is named after bantam in java , which used to play an important part in the export of oriental crafts to europe .
21	string interning is supported by some modern object-oriented programming language , including python , ruby ( with its symbols ) , java and .net languages .
26	in the mid-1860s her father , mother and baby sister jennie settled in san francisco after a circus tour that had encompassed japan , china , java and the philippines .
1	philosophy java is one of the most popular programming languages ever , and it has grown an enormous ecosystem of libraries and tools throughout the years .
12	sukadiri is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
6	the surviving vildebeests were withdrawn to java on 31 january and attacked another japanese landing force off rembang , claiming eight ships sunk but sustaining further losses .
10	it is known from the eastern sunda islands ( from java eastward ) , sulawesi , the moluccas , the philippines , new guinea , the solomon islands , micronesia and eastern australia .
26	the war ended before the battalion was committed to any combat but a number of officers and sergeants parachuted into japanese prisoner of war camps in java , sumatra , bangkok and singapore to provide aid to the prisoners .
12	kronjo is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
12	solear is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
7	kawa is a language framework written in java that implements the programming language scheme , and can be used to implement other languages .
16	while it has been influential in research circles ( influencing the designs of languages such as java , c# , and python ) it has not been adopted widely in industry .
4	it is written in java and thus platform independent .
51	in the 19th century , the plant 's seeds and cuttings were smuggled out for new cultivation at cinchona plantation in colonial regions of tropical asia , notably by the british to the british raj and ceylon ( present day india and sri lanka ) , and by the dutch to java in the dutch east indies ( present day indonesia ) .
27	originally designed by jakob schlyter of and roy arends of nominet in 2004 , funding was provided by verisign and ep.net to develop a prototype written in java ( david blacka and matt larson , verisign ) .
48	it is reportedly naturalized in tropical africa ( from liberia to uganda ) , china ( fujian , guangdong , hainan , taiwan , zhejiang ) , india , nepal , sri lanka , bangladesh , the andaman & nicobar islands , malaysia , thailand , borneo , java , myanmar ( burma ) , sumatra , queensland , the ( australia ) northern territory , fiji and samoa .
10	nasa provides two xdf api , in perl and in java .
25	jeniux framework is cross-technology : it abstracts the concept of database , front-end , and platform , it supports more programming languages , such as java and rpg , simultaneously , and supports more databases than before .
24	afterwards he was employed in the plantations of the same company 's factories and became a director of the sugar estate of minggiran in java in 1935 .
20	aksara kawi ( from sanskrit kavi '' poet '' ) is the name given to the writing system originating in java and used across much of maritime southeast asia from the 8th century to around 1500 ad .
5	breeds from burma east to java .
8	after traveling through burma , he left for java where he spent nine months , before going to champa ( in modern vietnam ) .
11	about half of the 2.4 million inhabitants of indonesian papua are java migrants .
12	it was described by meyrick in 1938 , and is known from java in indonesia .
22	variants an h6k2-l navy transport flying boat type 97 ; h6k1 operators royal air force mechanics inspecting an h6k at soerabaja , java , prior to a test flight in january 1946 .
7	although he had planned to move to java to work at the bosscha observatory , he took a position at the yerkes observatory of the university of chicago and became an american citizen in 1937 .
3	mountains of eastern java .
12	after singapore , hennell went to indonesia and was at surabaya in java when he was captured by indonesian nationalist fighters in november 1945 and was presumed to have been killed shortly thereafter .
9	the first slaves were brought to the cape from java and madagascar in the following year to work on the farms .
14	subsequently , shirakumo was assigned to '' operation j '' ( the invasion of java ) and on 1 march at the battle of sunda strait she assisted in the sinking of the australian cruiser and the american cruiser .
15	the commercial tree is most heavily cultivated in the rainforests of asia , notably in java ( hence its nicknames ) , philippines , malaysia , hainan island in china as well as in south america .
22	together is a product from borland , formerly from togethersoft ( acquired by borland in 2003 ) , that currently integrates a java ide , which originally had its roots in jbuilder , with a uml modeling tool .
7	in the non specific context of the java programming language , data access objects as a design concept can be implemented in a number of ways .
6	the type specimen was collected off java and is deposited at the zoologisches museum in hamburg .
25	in 1865 , the british zoologist william henry flower named a 45-ft specimen that had been obtained from pekalongan , on the north coast of java , sibbaldius ( = balaenoptera ) schlegelii -- in 1946 the russian scientist a.g. tomilin synonymized s. schlegelii and b. borealis , creating the subspecies b. b. schlegelii and b. b. borealis .
4	) j.j. wood from java and sumatra .
8	the musical was staged in poetic malay and java - accented malay , but english subtitles were provided .
10	the range includes thailand , peninsular malaysia , sumatra , java and sulawesi ( payne et al . 1985 ) .
19	sate kelinci rabbit meat satay , this variant of satay is made from rabbit meat , a delicacy from java .
21	mangkunegara iv ( 1809 -- 1881 ) was the fourth ruler of mangkunegaran , a small principality based in surakarta , java , ruling from 1853-1881 .
1	in java and other languages , a developer can use reflection to access private fields and methods .
8	thumbee is a target for languages such as java , c# , perl , and python , and allows jit compiler to output smaller compiled code without impacting performance .
4	for example , the java object model , the com object model , or the object model of omt .
7	april 15 , 2006 indonesia gubug , java , 13 people die and 26 are injured as two trains collide and wreckage falls into a paddy field .
11	klepon ( pronounced klê-pon ) is a traditional rice cake from java , indonesia , and now popular in indonesia and malaysia .
18	this book is about his voyage with the nieuw hoorn , the shipwreck , the adventurous voyage to java in lifeboats , and his subsequent years of service in east asia .
10	ferry service between bali , west nusa tenggara , and java was suspended , isolating residents in nusa penida , nusa lembongan , and nusa ceningan .
35	the action of 18 october 1806 was a minor naval engagement during the napoleonic wars , fought between the british royal navy frigate caroline and a dutch squadron at the entrance to batavia harbor on java in the dutch east indies .
14	military career after the japanese invasion of the dutch colonies he was captured in java and sent to a prisoner of war camp .
11	it ranges from india to china and can be found on java .
7	later moko were made in china and java and were brought to alor in the 19th century .
19	he governed until 1813 , during which he expanded the british presence in the area to the moluccas , java , and other dutch possessions in the east indies during the napoleonic wars .
17	also seen in various parts of south-east asia , such as thailand , vietnam , malesia , java , kalimantan , lesser sunda islands , moluccas , seram island and malaysia .
16	the company had at various stages extended its influence to china , the philippines , and java .
1	a java version remake of the game has also been released .
17	the company delivers software consulting , product engineering , and it training services with a focus on java software development .
9	openjava is a programming tool that parses and analyzes java source code .
17	it is found in the mekong and chao phraya river basins , malay peninsula , sumatra , java and borneo .
17	siamese crocodile ( crocodylus siamensis ) is a freshwater crocodile native to indonesia ( borneo and possibly java ) , brunei , east malaysia , laos , cambodia , burma , thailand , and vietnam .
4	tradition and culture in java , nasi bogana is often used in special occasions such as weddings , anniversaries , but is most commonly found in family gatherings and social gatherings ( arisan ) .
14	by the late 18th century slaves drawn from madagascar , angola , india , java , malaysia , etc. , outnumbered settlers in the colony .
59	on 8 december 1941 hart proclaimed unrestricted submarine warfare against japan , and the americans , with their filipino allies , fought a delaying action in the philippines , while a mixed american , british , dutch , and australia ( abda ) military structure under the command of general hein ter poorten was set up to operate from java in an attempt to hold the japanese at the malay barrier .
12	it contains the single species katmeteugoa hampsonia , which is found on java .
19	after new york , he traveled to southern california , mexico , japan , and the pacific islands of java and bali .
14	language bindings to all popular highlevel languages such as php , perl , and java , are provided via swig .
6	objectdb is an object database for java .
10	in september 1605 , he left for bantam in west java -- which the voc had established as its first permanent trading in 1603 -- so that the duyfken could be fitted out and supplied for its voyage .
14	additionally , although not a protocol , it has both ajax / html5 and java applet web interface for end users to manage their files from a web browser .
11	fitnesse as a software tool fitnesse is a tool developed in java and shipped as a single , executable jar file .
25	the e10 class 0-10-0rt e1060 which was originally delivered to west sumatra in the 1960s for working the coal railway , but was brought to java , later returned again to sawahlunto , and a conventional locomotive 2-6-0t c1218 which was restored to working order in 2006 , but transferred to solo to working as tourist train , named sepur kluthuk jaladara .
31	plplot is a library of subroutines that are often used to make scientific plots in compiled languages such as c , c++ , d , fortran , ada , ocaml and java .
38	ubuntu 7.04 included several new features , among them a migration assistant to help former microsoft windows users transition to ubuntu , support for kernel-based virtual machine , assisted codec and restricted drivers installation including adobe flash , java , mp3 support , easier installation of nvidia and ati drivers , compiz desktop effects , support for wi-fi protected access , the addition of sudoku and chess , a disk usage analyzer ( baobab ) , gnome control center , and zeroconf support for many devices .
8	it is found on lombok , bali , java and possibly borneo .
22	the implementation of these operations was assigned to the japanese naval task force led by admiral chūichi nagumo , after completing the java campaign .
12	the most popular graphical track editor , originally developed for torcs in java by charalampos alexandropoulos , features slider widgets to edit most parameters and a real-time 2d preview of the track 's wireframe appearance ; as a downside , it does n't support parameters newly introduced in speed dreams , such as the ones related to the dynamic sky dome .
5	in 2003 , vendors of java - based enterprise portals produced a standard known as jsr-168 .
9	- an open source animator which was written in java and interprets nearly all siteswap syntax .
24	filed in u.s. district court in san francisco , oracle alleged that the android technology google developed for smartphones and tablets infringed oracle 's java api patents .
31	about fifty countries carried out overseas trade with the song , among them ceylon , langkasuka , mait , samboja , borneo , kelantan , champa , chenla , bengtrao , java , india , calicut , lambri , bengal , kurum , gujara , mecca , egypt , baghdad , iraq , aman , the almoravid dynasty , sicily , morocco , tanzania , somalia , ryukyu , korea , and japan .
8	wadler was involved in adding generic types to java 5.0 .
13	at its peak , the company used to operate around 70 outlets in java , bali and medan under franchise agreements , plus several dozen outlets in alfa midi supermarkets .
9	javanese literature is , generally speaking , literature from java and , more specifically , from areas where javanese is spoken .
12	the art of batik is most highly developed in the island of java in indonesia .
13	it is found in south-east asia , where it has been recorded from java , sabah , china , thailand , malaysia , new guinea and vietnam .
4	the padjitanian culture from java was traditionally thought to be the only oriental culture to manufacture hand axes .
31	he had postulated , like others , that this was likely the result of the august 26th 1883 , catastrophic eruption of the volcano krakatoa located in indonesia , east of java .
16	it is found in nepal , india , thailand , vietnam , taiwan , sumatra , java , sulawesi and seram .
3	for example , java has primitive wrapper class corresponding to each primitive type : and , and , and , etc. .
8	third-party client libraries are available in languages like java and tcl .
12	it contains the single species rhagophanes tortriciformis , which is found on java .
11	continuing without horsfall , beebe and blair traveled to batavia in java , to the island of madura just to the north , and to belitung between borneo and sumatra .
23	a similar project in very early stages of development is red horizon , which tries to create tools and a game engine in java .
3	an example in java follows : class account -lcb- / / this is a monitor of an account long val = 0 ; object thislock = new object ( ) ; public void deposit ( const long x ) -lcb- lock ( thislock ) -lcb- / / only 1 thread at a time may execute this statement val + = x ; -rcb- -rcb- public void withdraw ( const long x ) -lcb- lock ( thislock ) -lcb- val - = x ; -rcb- -rcb- -rcb- the code lock ( this ) is a problem if the instance can be accessed publicly .
7	pemali river is a river in northern java , indonesia .
3	activejdbc is a java implementation of the active record design pattern developed by igor polevoy .
10	although most traditional malay dances were influenced by india , java and other parts of southeast asia , mak yong 's singing and musical repertoire are unique .
10	simkin is a scripting language that can be embedded in java or c++ applications .
20	he was a member of the australian imperial force from 1940 to 1946 and served in sydney , celebes , java and borneo as a lieutenant .
7	fx empire also offers a set of java style charts that were developed following interviews with forex traders , incorporating the data they find most useful and necessary .
26	tobacco mixed with opium was called madak ( or madat ) and became popular throughout china and its seafaring trade partners ( such as taiwan , java , and the philippines ) in the 17th century .
20	in 1645 he traveled from portugal ( where he declined an invitation to join the portuguese royal court ) to java , india and china to be a missionary .
75	support in programming languages programming languages that support general multimethods : common lisp ( via the common lisp object system ) haskell via multi-parameter type classes scala , also via multi-parameter type classes dylan nice cecil r julia groovy perl 6 seed7 clojure c # 4.0 fortress tads multimethods in other programming languages via extensions : scheme ( via e.g. ) python ( via , , , or ) perl ( via the module ) java ( using the extension ) ruby ( via the library and and ) .net ( via the library ) c# ( via the library ) c++ ( via the library ) factor ( via the standard ) also , multi-parameter type classes in haskell and scala can be used to emulate multiple dispatch .
32	python methods have an explicit self parameter to access instance data , in contrast to the implicit self ( or this ) in some other object-oriented programming languages ( e.g. c++ , java , objective-c , or ruby ) .
5	snapper arrived at soerabaja , java , on 10 february and then continued on to fremantle , western australia .
21	project management for different project types , such as automake , cmake , qmake for qt based projects and ant for java based projects .
13	json2ldap is a json - to - ldap gateway software , written in java and developed by nimbus directory services .
10	pameungpeuk is a small town near the coast of southwestern java , indonesia .
4	for instance , the java and lisp language apis include the interface named serializable , which is a marker interface that requires each class implementing it to behave in a serialized fashion .
25	the dutch were the first to start the spread of the coffee plant in central and south america , and by the early 19th century java was the third largest producer in the world .
16	it is found in the north-eastern himalaya , as well as on sumatra , borneo , java , bali , the philippines , sulawesi and the lesser sundas and in australia ( including queensland ) .
41	jdiff is a javadoc doclets which generates an html report of all the packages , classes , constructors , methods , and fields which have been removed , added or changed in any way , including their documentation , when two java api are compared .
0	java and bali use xylophones ( called gambang ) in gamelan ensembles .
2	written in java , it can be run on many different computers and operating systems .
13	distribution it occurs from western indonesia ( thailand , borneo , sumatra , java , malaysia ) to the philippines .
4	ec2box is written in java ( server side ) and javascript ( client ) .
8	the type specimen of both were recovered from java , indonesia .
17	technologies apex apex is a proprietary programming language provided by the force.com platform to developers similar to java .
10	another , similar freeware tool used by aa419 was the java - based application muguito .
9	the subspecies kallima paralekta paralekta is only found in java , indonesia ; while the subspecies kallima paralekta tribonia is found in sumatra , indonesia .
51	'' when japan occupied the netherlands east indies , in the first weeks of 1942 , many indonesia danced in the streets , welcoming the japanese army as the fulfillment of the prophecy ascribed to joyoboyo , who foretold the day when white men would one day establish their rule on java and oppress the people for many years -- but they would be driven out by the arrival of yellow men from the north .
16	range nepal , sikkim - burma , thailand , laos , vietnam , south yunnan , java , lombok , peninsular malaysia , sumatra , borneo , andamans , nias , sulawesi , philippines , sula , bachan , halmahera , obi , bismarck archipelago and waigeu .
16	new components are posted every thursday and coders can choose a component from a list of java and .net components , and they have a week to design or develop their chosen component .
28	the battle was the first in a series of actions by the royal navy squadron based at madras with the intention of eliminating the dutch squadron maintained at java .
21	a line from the west point of gedeh bay , kangean island , to tg sedano , the northeast extreme of java and down the east coast to tg bantenan , the southeast extreme of the island .
20	the cirebonese are an ethnic group centered on the city of cirebon in the northern part of the island of java in indonesia .
22	the population of indonesia according to the 2010 national census is 237.6 million , with 58 % living on the island of java , the world 's most populous island .
71	versions outside india rama ( yama ) and sita ( me thida ) in the burmese version of the ramayana , yama zatdaw the following are among the versions of the ramayana that have emerged outside india : cambodia - reamker thailand - ramakien laos - phra lak phra lam lanna - phommachak tai lü - langka sip hor burma ( myanmar ) - yama zatdaw malaysia - hikayat seri rama java , indonesia - kakawin ramayana bali , indonesia philippines - maharadia lawana nepal - the nepal bhasa version called siddhi ramayan was written by mahakavi siddhidas mahaju amatya during nepal bhasa renaissance era and the khas language ( later called '' nepali '' ) version of bhanubhaktako ramayan by bhanubhakta acharya marked the first epic written in the language .
6	ocfa is extensible in c++ or java .
7	jad files are commonly used to package java applications or games that can be downloaded to mobile phones .
39	history the road , completed in 1933 , is named after the dutch shipping firm koninklijke java-china paketvaart lijnen ( ; known outside the netherlands as royal interocean lines , ril ) -- itself named for the island of java in indonesia -- which had its operational headquarters there for much of the 20th century .
33	the indomalaya ecozone also called the oriental realm by biogeographers , indomalaya extends from afghanistan through the indian subcontinent and southeast asia to lowland southern china , and through indonesia as far as java , bali , and borneo , east of which lies the wallace line , the ecozone boundary named after alfred russel wallace which separates indomalaya from australasia .
4	the architect ran to java and disappear at watu dodol .
12	from 2011 to march 2014 , the team built 30 bridges on java and 6 on sulawesi .
87	, -lcb- pc -rcb- 10 : address 11 : align 12 : l1 $ 13 : 0000 : 48656c6c string '' hello world '' 14 : direct 15 : end linker one and only one of the charm modules linked to form an executable program must contain a procedure matching one of the signatures : export proc ~ start ( ) export proc ~ start ( int argc , ref array ref array char argv ) this is analogous to the main function in the c and java languages .
15	in the five year struggle that followed , which was waged over much of central java , over 200,000 javanese and 15,000 dutch soldiers were killed .
22	it is found in china ( hong kong ) , india ( sikkim , assam ) , bhutan , burma and on java .
8	the dutch transferred large numbers of people from java to surinam .
9	van dorp died in a japanese internment camp on java , three weeks after the capitulation of japanese forces .
28	native to tropical africa ( from senegal to sudan to mozambique ) , south asia ( india , nepal , bhutan , bangladesh ) , southeast asia ( java , burma , laos , thailand , vietnam , yunnan ) and northern australia ( queensland and northern territory ) .
9	ganttproject is gpl - licensed ( free software ) java based , project management software that runs under the windows , linux and mac os x operating systems .
8	the railway system has four unconnected networks in java and sumatra primarily dedicated to transport bulk commodities and long-distance passenger traffic .
36	the japanese 7th area army was formed on march 19 , 1944 under the southern expeditionary army group for the specific task of opposing landings by allied forces in japanese-occupied malaya , singapore and borneo , java , sumatra and to consolidate a new defense line after the loss of the solomon islands , new guinea and eastern portions of the netherlands east indies .
12	previously , kamal port is the main gateway between madura island and java , where ferries serve the port with the ujung port nearby surabaya , but today people use more toll bridge than ferries , so now only a few ferries serve it in day time only .
15	many subspecies live in pakistan , afghanistan , the philippines , russia , china , java , sri lanka , sumatra , and borneo .
3	the musics of java , sumatra , bali , flores and other islands have been documented and recorded , and research by indonesian and international scholars is ongoing .
8	it describes the history of the island of java from ancient times .
14	mount muria or gunung muria is a dormant volcano on the north coast of java , indonesia .
4	the client is a java application typically launched from a web browser .
9	in the bcpl family languages such as c++ and java , it can also specify the variable 's dimension to declare a scalar , array or matrix .
14	uses doxygen can be used with c , c++ , c# , fortran , java , objective-c , php , python , idl ( corba , tcl and microsoft flavors ) , vhdl , and to some extent d .
29	'' however , darwin and fitzroy sailed in 1836 from king george 's sound ( western australia ) directly to the cocos-keeling islands , at the south coast of java , and from there to cape town and back to england .
30	in february , she escorted the japanese carriers in the bombing of darwin , and was then based at staring-baai in sulawesi , netherlands east indies for patrols south of java .
7	serayu river is a river in southern java , indonesia .
22	this could be written words , iconic symbology ( e.g. , graffiti ) , computer programming language ( c / c++ , java , perl , etc. ) , meta-level mark-up ( html , xml , svg , postscript ) , and their derivative works .
8	it is found in southern india and on java and borneo , as well as in taiwan , japan , thailand and australia ( queensland ) .
31	after pad + + , bederson developed jazz , then piccolo , and now piccolo2d at the university of maryland , college park , which is still actively being developed in java and c# .
6	these terms are commonly used in java , c# , and c++ , where class variables and class methods are declared with the keyword , and referred to as static member variables or static member functions .
32	it is cultivated in the tropics and subtropics throughout the world , including the canary islands , ghana , ethiopia , madagascar , zanzibar , sri lanka , taiwan , india , java , hawaii , and australia .
35	the discovery of đông sơn drums in new guinea , is seen as proof of trade connections - spanning at least the past thousand years - between this region and the technologically advanced societies of java and china .
23	it supports building software in numerous languages , including c , c++ , clojure , erlang , go , groovy , haskell , java , javascript , perl , php , python , ruby and scala .
16	spark is a free and open source software web application framework and domain-specific language written in java .
35	the school also lists an '' advanced placement '' computer science course using c++ , though this has been discontinued by the college board as an option in their ap program , which exclusively emphasizes java .
59	distribution nepenthes mirabilis has by far the widest distribution of any nepenthes species and is known from the following countries and regions : australia ( cape york peninsula ) , borneo , cambodia , caroline islands ( palau and yap ) , china ( guangdong province , hainan , hong kong , and macau ) , d'entrecasteaux islands , java , laos , louisiade archipelago , maluku islands , myanmar , new guinea , peninsular malaysia , philippines ( dinagat and mindanao ) , sulawesi , sumatra , thailand , and vietnam .
10	biography vogelkoopers ( 1947 ) adolfs spent his youth in java and received at home his first artistic inspirations .
21	then on 5 january 1942 , vice-admiral layton , who had replaced phillips , moved his headquarters to the island of java to streamline the organization of supply convoys to the dutch east indies and malaya .
29	indonesians worldwide malaysia an estimated 2,500,000 indonesian citizens in malaysia soil at any given time , due to a constant migration since the age of antiquity from sumatra , java , kalimantan and celebes , the number of malaysian with at least some indonesian ancestry may be up to millions more .
31	in the indian ocean , it is found from south africa and madagascar , to the red sea and the gulf of aden , to india and nearby islands , to java and sumatra .
6	developments in web browser plug-ins like java and adobe flash allowed for simple browser-based games .
41	type-based alias analysis if the language being compiled is type safe , the compiler 's type checker is correct , and the language lacks the ability to create pointers referencing local variables , ( such as ml , haskell , or java ) then some useful optimizations can be made .
5	s. javanicum is found in java , east soemba island , and from eastern new guinea .
19	the company soon established its first trading post in the east indies , at bantam on the island of java , and others , beginning with surat , on the coasts of what is now india and bangladesh .
3	1948 map of java showing the van mook line after the renville agreement .
7	it is found in brunei and on java .
10	the demak sultanate was a javanese muslim state located on java 's north coast in indonesia , at the site of the present day city of demak .
38	the venues , which are situated around the main lake in a similar fashion to the different islands of the indonesian archipelago , are thematically divided into six areas in respect to the main islands of indonesia ; java , sumatra , kalimantan ( borneo ) , sulawesi , the lesser sunda islands , maluku and papua .
5	they are also common in java , and are reported from densely forested areas in southwestern china , myanmar , assam and nepal , from travancore and other parts of southern india where they may be more numerous than spotted panthers .
68	- netezza objectstore oracle database -- all versions since oracle 4 orientdb postgresql rdb/eln rdm embedded real server rethinkdb sap hana scimoredb sones graphdb sybase sql anywhere sybase iq thinksql tibero -- all versions since tibero 3 tokumx zope object database other software with mvcc jboss cache -- v 3.0 ehcache -- v 1.6.0-beta4 clojure -- language software transactional memory pojo-mvcc -- a lightweight mvcc implementation written in java -- software transactional memory that implements the concept of proposed by joão cachopo and antónio rito silva , members of the version control systems any version control system that has the internal notion of a version ( e.g. subversion , git , probably almost any current vcs with the notable exception of cvs ) will provide explicit mvcc ( you only ever access data by its version identifier ) .
4	the rule of the java - based empire of majapahit ( 1293 -- 1527 ) extended to the western fringes of new guinea .
39	they are not uncommon in auvergne and in the eifel , notably on the shore of the laacher see ; whilst other examples are furnished by the grotta del cane , near pozzuoli , the valley of death in java , the death gulch in the yellowstone park and the series of mofette in romania 's harghita and covasna counties .
18	examples of such plug-ins are microsoft silverlight , adobe flash , adobe shockwave , and applet written in java .
29	discovery on may 12 , 1999 , british marine salvor michael hatcher discovered the wreck of the tek sing in an area of the south china sea north of java , east of sumatra and south of singapore .
27	name and identity callaway speculates that the tree is '' a kind of aspen '' , and notes a similarity to the folklore surrounding the upas of java - a resemblance also mentioned by the botanist william turner thiselton-dyer in a comment published alongside parker 's letter .
1	in java , c , and c++ , the operator is the right-shift operator .
21	by the time doe , now known as neo , was released in 1995 , sun had already moved on to java as their next big thing .
32	he destroyed several towns and forts on the island of balanguingui , between the islands of basilan and jolo , and released one hundred and thirty filipino and dutch captives ( from java ) in 1848 .
49	geographic range found in northern india ( assam ) , nicobar islands , myanmar , thailand , cambodia , laos , vietnam , southern china ( fukien , hainan , kwangsi , kwangtung ) , hong kong , west malaysia , indonesia ( sumatra , borneo , sulawesi , java , madoera , lombok , sumbawa , komodo , flores , sumba , roti , timor , kisar , wetar ) .
12	his two elder brothers were vassal princes of blambangan and pasuruan on java .
8	x , which runs over https and requires java adaptive security device manager ( asdm ) for pix os version 7 and greater , which can run locally on a client or in reduced-functionality mode over https .
15	his research has taken him to highland ecuador , as well as to china and java .
14	it has bindings for a number of languages , including c , php , java , ruby , and more .
15	the tokens were interpreted upon execution , in a manner similar to the more modern java .
22	nclass is a free and open source software tool to create unified modeling language ( uml ) class diagram for c# and java applications .
34	this organization is called multi-dimensional separation of concerns , and the paper describing it has been recognized as the most influential paper of the icse 1999 conference this new concept was implemented for composing java software , using the name hyper/j for the tool .
19	after that he held various positions in the colonial government health system , in various cities in sumatra and java .
13	electric is currently part of the gnu project and has been developed in java and distributed as free and open-source software , subject to the requirements of the gnu general public license ( gpl ) , version 3 or any later .
7	it is popular on the islands of java and bali and their surroundings .
23	it is the largest and most complete type of drum known as the pejeng type drums which have been found in bali and java , indonesia .
9	there is confusion between hindu and buddhist rulers in java around that time .
9	unlike other early application server competitors , netdynamics chose java as the development language for the platform .
4	battlecode is programmed in java , and the ais ( called '' players '' ) are written as extensions of a base robot class .
51	in his poems he writes about sindh and its neighboring regions , he mentions the distant cities such as istanbul and samarqand , he also writes about sindhi sailors ( samundi ) their navigation techniques , voyages as far as to the malabar coast , sri lanka and the island of java .
20	it is found in cameroon , comoros , congo , la réunion , madagascar , mauritius , togo indonesia ( java ) and taiwan .
5	originally , jain stood for java api for intelligent network .
9	the remaining 10 % are immigrants , mainly from java , sulawesi and other parts of north maluku , especially makian island .
4	the project is a java based xml modeling application written to make creating and editing xml files easier .
6	it is found on sumatra , java and in malaysia .
16	warren was part of the british force which captured the city , and the island of java , in 1811 .
39	cyathea gigantea is a species of tree fern native to northeastern to southern india , sri lanka , nepal to myanmar , thailand , laos , vietnam , the malay peninsula , as well as central sumatra and western java .
27	barry had a strong finish to 2008 , winning both the semen gresik widjojo soejono junior championships in surabaya and the solo open international junior championships in java in november .
11	the university has a sun microsystems lab , mainly used in java courses , and unix courses on sun sparc based machines .
16	in 1911 , he was the u.s. representative to the international fibre congress in surabaya , java .
3	a set of java mappings allow the apis to be invoked locally as well .
11	this is as opposed to traditional reflection , for example in java , where one introspects an object using methods from the object itself ( e.g. getclass ( ) ) .
7	sangiran is an archaeological excavation site in java in indonesia .
4	it was written in java using openjdk and its web interface used the google web toolkit .
10	biography she was born at sea off the coast of java , '' her christening robe was the union jack '' and the birth was registered on thursday island .
23	dms has a variety of predefined language front ends , covering most real dialects of c and c++ including c++0x , c# , java , python , php , egl , fortran , cobol , visual basic , verilog , vhdl and some 20 or more other languages .
23	through assimilation related to trade , royal conversion , and conquest , islam had supplanted hinduism and buddhism as the dominant religion of java and sumatra by the end of the 16th century .
14	the dutchman , who had already clashed with the banten sultanate in north west java before his arrival in aceh , decided to attack .
10	compsomantis tumidiceps is a species of praying mantis found in java , lombok , the philippine islands , sumatra , sumba , and timor .
10	the logic engine and the artificial intelligence are developed in java .
48	to ceylon and return to avignon first he visited the shrine of st thomas near the modern madras , and then proceeded to what he calls the kingdom of saba , and identifies with the sheba of scripture , but which seems from various particulars to have been java .
18	the cyclone affected northern australia with gusty winds and some rainfall , while on the indonesian island of java , it produced strong waves .
10	plot a suicide bombing has occurred at a party in java , indonesia , and a javanese sultan 's daughter , sultana ( atiqah hasiholan ) , is suspected to be one of the unidentified victims .
2	written in java , it streams or transcodes many different media-formats , with minimum configuration .
23	deena burton ( september 23 , 1948 -- april 3 , 2005 ) was an american dancer , specializing in the field of java and bali dance .
4	it is endemic to java in indonesia .
7	sawah is the dominant form in both java and bali where nearly three quarters of indonesia 's population live and swidden more common in the less central regions .
33	george cœdès is credited with rediscovering the former kingdom of srivijaya , centred on the modern-day indonesian city of palembang , but with influence extending from sumatra through to the malay peninsula and java .
5	they also provide libraries for java and other tools , including '' proofers '' to test for library adherence to the standard .
8	it is native to insular southeast asia from java to the philippines , as well as australia ( northern territory , norfolk island , and all states except tasmania ) , as well as some islands in the pacific ( new guinea , solomon islands , fiji , niue , new caledonia and the society islands ) .
25	uses uses of resin benzoin resin , a dried exudation from pierced bark , is currently produced from various styrax species native to sumatra , java , and thailand .
29	server software , including : web applications , which usually run on the web server and output dynamically generated web pages to web browsers , using e.g. php , java or asp.net , or even javascript that runs on the server .
13	it is found in the north-eastern himalaya and on borneo , sumatra and java .
11	james gosling first thought of servlets in the early days of java , but the concept did not become a product until sun shipped the product .
17	apache mina ( m ultipurpose i nfrastructure for n etwork a pplications ) is an open source java network application framework .
11	it is found in the north-eastern himalaya and on borneo and java .
20	extensible servers pages ( xsp ) is an xml - based language , which offers the possibility of dynamically arranged java code into xml documents .
19	examples of languages that use static name resolution include c , c++ , e , erlang , haskell , java , pascal , scheme , and smalltalk .
10	repairs began immediately , but the japanese were moving on java .
12	he arrived in canton , china in 1830 , later evangelizing in java , malacca , siam , and singapore .
19	the reaction networks of models are presented in some graphic formats , such as png , svg and graphic java applet , in which some networks were presented by following systems biology graphical notation .
4	examples are r , java , and python , each of which can be classified as free and open source software .
14	there are also interfaces to other languages ( c , c# , fortran , java , matlab , and visual basic ) .
15	'' smalltalk is a '' pure '' object-oriented programming language , meaning that , unlike java and c++ , there is no difference between values which are objects and values which are primitive types .
42	kranji served as a military camp before the japanese invasion of singapore in 1942 , and is now the home of the kranji war cemetery and kranji war memorial , commemorating the 30,000 commonwealth personnel who died in singapore , malaya , java and sumatra during world war ii .
12	carbonado is an open source relational database mapping framework , written in java .
7	the nominate race , which occurs in java , is close to extinction .
27	each function includes a documentation string that is displayed to the user on request , a practice that subsequently spread to programming languages such as lisp and java .
6	for instance : a 15-year old java girl was hung from a cross for hours .
20	it 's developed in a rdf - aware dynamic language , adenine , built for this project on top of java .
16	the remains were taken over by a company led by three directors from new york , java and switzerland .
16	the boundary between the western and central time zones established is a line running north between java and bali through the center of kalimantan .
29	) bfd -- object file library dotgnu -- replacement for microsoft .net gnu c library ( glibc ) -- posix - compliant c library gnu classpath -- libraries for java gnu fribidi -- a library that implements unicode 's bidirectional algorithm gnu gettext -- internationalization library gnulib -- portability library designed for use with the gnu build system gnu libmicrohttpd -- embeddable http server gnu lightning -- just-in-time compilation for generating machine language gnu osip -- session initiation protocol library to implement voip applications gnu portable threads ( pth ) -- software threads for posix - compatible operating systems other compilers and interpreters the following packages provide compilers and interpreters for programming languages beyond those included in the gnu compiler collection .
19	in jakarta , most cycle rickshaw drivers in the 1980s were former landless agricultural laborers from rural areas of java .
19	it included the malay peninsula on the asian mainland , as well as the large islands of borneo , java , and sumatra and their surrounding islands .
10	plot dr. anton drager ( rock hudson ) travels to java to study the effects of leprosy under an expert on the subject , dr. brits jansen ( burl ives ) .
10	the underlying computer technology used in oekaki can be a java applet or activex .
10	it is found on and endemic to the island of java , as well as on several of the surrounding indonesia islands .
6	wikis generate html , css , java , and javascript which are then interpreted by a web browser .
34	because xrx applications leverage modern declarative languages on the client and functional languages on the server they are designed to empower non-developers who are not familiar with traditional imperative languages such as javascript , java or .net. overview of xrx xrx is a zero translation application architecture that uses xml to store data in the client web browser , on the application server and in the database server .
6	it is called gula jawa ( java sugar ) in indonesia and is widely used in javanese cuisine .
22	post world war ii andover cc .2 of 60 squadron in 1987 shortly after the japanese surrender , the squadron moved to java and was soon in action against indonesian rebels .
7	) garay - sabah , sulawesi , java porrorhachis macrosepala ( schltr .
16	aircraft from the british aircraft carrier and u.s. carrier strike the oil refinery at surabaya , java .
8	statcvs is an open source program written in java that generates graphical report about cvs modules .
15	in response , former president suharto began an initiative to construct more mosques of the java triple-roofed design .
12	although they share a similar name , the kacapi of sunda on java is a zither , and not a lute .
6	r statistical service beanshell script ( java - like script language ) external tools on remote machines ( via ssh ) xpath xml data extraction importing data from microsoft excel spreadsheets and other .
19	it is found in northern borneo , the natuna and the derawan islands , islands off western sumatra and java .
17	once borneo had been liberated , i australian corps was to form part of the invasion of java .
5	society children studying quran in java during dutch colonial periods a mosque in bukittinggi , with traditional minangkabau roof architecture to a significant degree , the striking variations in the practice and interpretation of islam -- in a much less austere form than that practiced in the middle east -- in various parts of indonesia reflect its complex history .
64	the most widespread subspecies are the nominate from along the sub - himalayan range in india and nepal , melanotis in peninsular india , spilogaster of sri lanka , burmanicus in most of indochina , ricketti in northern vietnam and southern china , malayensis of the thai-malay peninsula and northern sumatra , pallidus from northern borneo , richmondi from southern borneo , bido from java and bali , batu from southern sumatra and batu , hoya from taiwan , rutherfordi from hainan , and palawanensis from palawan .
29	beck 's concept of test-driven development centers on two basic rules : the book illustrates the use of unit testing as part of the methodology , including examples in java and python .
9	it is found in sri lanka , borneo , java and sulawesi .
1	both java and sumatra were subject to considerable cultural influence from the indian subcontinent .
29	it is able to edit and save many different file types , and has syntax highlighting support for many popular programming languages including c , c++ , lisp , java , python , php , ruby , html , xml , css , prolog , idl and d .
17	however , his best-known achievement was the construction of the great post road ( ) across northern java from anjer to panaroecan .
4	storytron storytron is a java - based interactive story engine based around chris crawford 's theory that creating an interactive story is similar to creating a sentence , with particular emphasis on the verb .
25	at the time of the attack on pearl harbor , its headquarters was based in palau and its mission expanded to include the invasions of java , borneo and other islands of the netherlands east indies .
7	beet river is a river in northern java , indonesia .
28	however , darwin and fitzroy sailed in 1836 from king george 's sound ( western australia ) directly to the cocos-keeling islands , at the south coast of java , and from there to cape town and back to england .
8	after world war ii the squadron moved to java .
8	compuware optimalj was a model-driven development environment for java .
12	acrocercops euargyra is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from java , indonesia .
11	event-based profilers the programming languages listed here have event-based profilers : java : the jvmti ( jvm tools interface ) api , formerly jvmpi ( jvm profiling interface ) , provides hooks to profilers , for trapping events like calls , class-load , unload , thread enter leave .
11	he mounted a military expedition against the dutch and french in java , indonesia .
7	research rosenberg 's research interests include integrated java developments for teaching .
15	origin the term '' hyang '' now widely associated with balinese hinduism developed in ancient java and bali for more than a millennia ago .
4	jhymn is written in java .
8	in october , the squadron was sent to java in response to the indonesian war of independence , flying tactical reconnaissance duties and covering allied road convoys , while striking against nationalist held airfields and ammunition dumps .
45	in 1809 , napoleon bonaparte , french emperor and conqueror of much of europe including the netherlands and its colonies , ( before his ultimate downfall at waterloo in 1815 ) ordered the dutch indies governor h.w . daendels to improve the defensive systems of java to protect against the british in india .
11	this species is widespread in india , myanmar , malaysia , java , sumatra and borneo .
9	h2 is a relational database management system written in java .
17	apis and copyrights in 2010 , oracle sued google for having distributed a new implementation of cale java embedded in the android operating system .
7	oracle sued google over the use of java - related technology in google 's popular android operating system for smartphones and tablet computers .
16	demography over 350 million people live in the region , with the most populated island being java .
4	paul tosari was one java evangelist based in surabaya .
34	a use of the real indonesian language occurs here : while on duty , two of the guards that keep watch on rastapopoulos ' bunker talk about a particular indonesian dish that originated in java , sambal rujak ( ground chilli sauce with shrimp paste ) .
13	opends software is a free , open source directory service , written in java , and developed as part of the opends project .
17	range the branded orange awlet is found in india , sri lanka , myanmar , malaysia , java , thailand and vietnam .
31	rescue on 16 july , captain visier of the dutch vessel aurora spotted the flagpole which megaera s crew had erected and lieutenant lewis jones sailed with her to surabaya , java , which they reached on 2 august .
17	distribution this species occurs in cambodia , peninsular malaysia , and the indonesian islands of sumatra , java , bali , sumbawa , sulawesi , and buton .
15	indonesian authorities have expressed an interest in high-speed rail for the densely populated island of java , probably linking the cities of jakarta , bandung , and surabaya .
11	he belonged to a dynasty stemming from the majapahit empire of java , which had its palace ( puri ) in gelgel , near bali 's south coast .
7	on further landings in the philippines , java and other islands , he traded some of his captured linen and other goods for fresh supplies , water and wood , and collected information about the chinese and japan coasts .
2	written in java , accumulo has cell-level access label and server-side programming mechanisms .
13	according to one popular tradition , the pesantren education system originated from traditional java pondokan ; dormitories ; ashram for hindu or vihara for buddhist to learn religious philosophies , martial arts and meditation .
5	it is found in western java .
25	the software is written using open cascade in c++ for the engine ( geometry , topology , viewers , data management , ... ) , java for the gui and data are stored in extensible mark-up language xml .
19	thus four days after the shipwreck , they along with about 40 others sailed in an open boat for java in order to get help .
4	it is written in java and is available from sourceforge under the lgpl open source license .
17	examples include : client–server products in the early 1990s corba and com based programs in the mid-1990s java - based programs in the late 1990s protected memory and preemptive multitasking in the late 1990s service-oriented architecture ( soa ) ajax or web 2.0 in 2000s and 2010s cloud computing in 2010s nosql agile software development big data buzzword compliance is a modern version of the old practice of being checkbox compliant , ensuring that a product has all the features listed in product review .
13	interfaces in haxe are very similar to those in , for example , java .
17	by the 12th century , the kingdom included parts of sumatra , the malay peninsula , western java , borneo and the philippines , most notably the sulu archipelago and the visayas islands ( and indeed the latter island group , as well as its population , is named after the empire ) .
15	on 30 september 1920 , west cheswald took on a load of white sugar at java and headed for the united states via the suez canal .
7	bleaching was recorded in east sumatra , java , bali , and lombok .
21	opencable uses scte standards for the video , transport and various interface requirements , but also adds a requirement for a java based software interpreter to support the opencable application platform ( ocap ) .
32	heroku , one of the first cloud platforms , has been in development since june 2007 , when it supported only the ruby programming language , but has since added support for java , node.js , scala , clojure , python and php and ( undocumented ) perl .
8	the technique was later generalized to testing multithreaded java programs with jcute , and unit testing programs from their executable codes ( tool osmose ) .
5	they are usually written in java , but other languages such as jython , jruby , pascal , scala , or eiffel ( via smarteiffel ) may be used as well .
13	at the end of the month , she was making patrols south of java , sinking a merchant vessel on 1 march .
15	from 1900 to 1902 he traveled together with ernst georg pritzel through south africa , java , australia and new zealand .
35	in this aspect , csound and rtcmix have since evolved to work effectively as software libraries which can be accessed through a variety of frontend and programming languages , such as c , c++ , java , python , tcl , lua , lisp , scheme , etc. , as well as other music systems such as pure data , max/msp and plugin frameworks ladspa and vst .
35	( his exalted majesty sultan hamengkubuwono the ninth , commander-in-chief in war , servant of the most gracious , cleric and caliph that safeguards the religion ) during his coronation speech , hamengkubuwono recognized his java origins and said '' even though i have tasted western education , i am still and will always be a javanese .
18	distribution this species can be found in india , thailand , laos , burma , peninsular malaya , java , sumatra and borneo .
20	initially , the apis were defined in the c programming language only , but as of july 2008 , the java mapping of the different service apis is being released incrementally .
13	at the end of the burma campaign , harper accompanied the 3rd/9th to java as part of the 5th indian division where indonesia nationalists had proclaimed independence from dutch rule , and the withdrawal of the japanese to their barracks had created a breakdown of law and order .
6	empire earth mobile was written in java form , and was developed by vivendi instead of stainless steel studios ( the makers of empire earth ) .
15	the war ended in 1890 , after dutch scouts -- representing the colonial government on java -- reached bone .
5	batik is a pure - java library that can be used to render , generate , and manipulate svg graphics .
11	from 1910 to 1912 he traveled through siberia , japan , java , india , the caucausus , and southern russia .
8	from brisbane , eleven a-24s flew up to java in february 1942 , but this battle was already lost .
8	during his time in office the british invaded java .
25	foreign relations in the course of time , abhayagiri had developed into a well‑organized religious and educational institution having well established relations with china , java , and kashmir .
3	the free-to-play , java - based game was released in 2011 , and continues to be updated .
8	he specializes in teaching borland c++ builder and java .
40	zabag ( chinese : sanfotsi ; hindu : suvarnadvipa , javaka ; arabic : zabaj ) is thought to have been an ancient kingdom located south of china somewhere in southeast asia , between chenla ( now cambodia ) and java .
97	history vernacular names hodgsonia heteroclita male plant in the north , h. heteroclita : india , sikkim ( lepchas ) : kat ` hior-pot ; nagaland : assa ; kolasib : khaum china , yunnan : you-zha-guo ( 油渣果 , '' fat-cracklings fruit '' ) bangladesh : makal ; sylhet : goolur vietnam : béo , ké bao , muróp rùng , dây sén laos : mak klung in the south , h. macrocarpa : thailand , pattani : kāpā yê malaysia , malaya : akar kêpayang , kêlêpayang , pepayang , teruah , breuh indonesia , java : akar kêpayang ; ( sundanese ) : aroi pichung , chèlèng ; sumatra : bilungking , kadam imperial languages : ( english ) : kadam seed , kapayang , lard fruit ; chinese lardplant ( dutch ) : kadamzaad some of these names are ambiguous .
27	the color pattern of this juvenile matched with that of juveniles of another species of snakehead , o. micropeltes , originally described by cuvier and valenciennes from java , indonesia .
1	in java ayam bakar usually tastes rather sweet because the generous amount of sweet soy sauce either as marination or dipping sauce .
3	versions exist for java , javascript and .net .
23	the swedish black rooster , hen or chicken is the result of cross-breeding from the ayam cemani , and originated in sumatra and java .
12	acrocercops dinosticha is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from java , indonesia .
20	on 2 november 2006 , google began offering a mobile-application based version of gmail for mobile phones capable of running java applications .
49	taxonomy and phylogeny the spinner shark was originally described as carcharias ( aprion ) brevipinna by johannes peter müller and friedrich gustav jakob henle in their 1839 systematische beschreibung der plagiostomen , based on the mounted skin of a 79 cm ( 31 in ) long specimen collected off java .
13	amongst the members of sarbufis were actors of ketoprak , a form of java traditional drama with political commentary .
9	assembly - intel x86 ansi c c# d delphi java pascal python visual basic visual basic .net visual c++ grammars gold grammars are based directly on backus-naur form , regular expression , and set notation .
2	wayang in java gamelan music , there are a few gendhing structure derived from the wayang repertoire : #ayak-ayakan , #sampak , and #srepeg .
2	html or java format ) it mixes a promotional text with a journalistic one , but it will also have technical details like minimum requirements , etc. .
12	kaon , texttoonto , and text2onto are open source , based on java .
27	sunan kudus ( or ja ` far shadiq , died 1550 ) , founder of kudus , is considered to be one of the wali sanga of java , indonesia he is said to have originated the wayang golek , and founded the masjid at kudus using ( it is said ) the doors from the palace of majapahit .
37	however , as yet there are no private operators of railway services the following is a schedule of the trip train in indonesia named passenger trains pt kereta api runs to classes of named passenger trains on java , executive class ( class 1 ) and business class ( class 2 ) .
21	they requested day and the damarla venkatadri nayaka to wait until the sanction of the superior english presidency of bantam in java could be obtained for their action .
5	s. inconspicuum is endemic to java and is one of the few stylidium species that are not native to australia .
10	azul systems also implemented hardware transactional memory to accelerate their java appliances , but this was similarly hidden from outsiders .
9	dr poorwo soedarmo ( 1904 in malang , east java , indonesia -- 13 march 2003 ) was a nutritionist .
10	- operator class of programming languages ( like c# or java ) .
29	sundanese ( basa sunda , in sundanese script , literally '' language of sunda '' ) is the language of about 39 million people from the western third of java or about 15 % of the indonesia population .
14	one example of syntactic sugar may arguably be classes in c++ ( and in java , c# , etc. ) .
26	this other philosophy is often found in scripting language ( as in python or ruby ) or languages that use a virtual machine , such as java or the .net framework languages .
3	xmlbeans is a java - to - xml binding framework which is part of the apache software foundation xml project .
7	it is found on peninsular malaysia and java .
5	esmertec was a provider of java in-device engines and mobile services platforms , headquartered in zurich , switzerland .
7	; caveats cloud sites does not support java , tomcat , coldfusion , ssh , rdp , api access , microsoft exchange or custom server-side components at this time .
12	languages that directly support unit testing include : abap c# d go java obix python ruby rust scala objective-c visual basic .net see also acceptance testing characterization test component-based usability testing design predicates design by contract extreme programming integration testing list of unit testing frameworks unit testing frameworks for ruby regression testing software archaeology software testing test case test-driven development xunit a family of unit testing frameworks .
6	c , c++ , c# , java , objective-c , delphi and swift all primarily use both nominal typing and nominal subtyping .
9	on some new species of carabidae , chiefly from java .
16	famous alumni include stephanie kwolek , inventor of kevlar ; james gosling , creator of the java programming language ; andy bechtolsheim , co-founder of sun microsystems ; pop artists andy warhol and burton morris ; former general motors ceo and secretary of defense , charles erwin wilson ; billionaire hedge fund investor david tepper ; mountaineer and author aron ralston ; and astronauts edgar mitchell ( of apollo 14 ) and judith resnik , who perished in the space shuttle challenger disaster .
4	it is written in java , and is built on the eclipse rich client platform which uses swt as a widget toolkit to allow it to fit in with the look and feel of different operating systems while remaining cross-platform .
12	at the end of the war , only 52,000 were repatriated to java .
17	air -- conditioned and well furnished programming labs equipped with latest versions of software like oracle , java , vb , c++ , under unix , windows , linux environment .
10	subsequent editions used c , c++ , modula-3 , and java .
40	although the ground echelon arrived in singapore , by the time the air echelon , aboard hms indomitable , was within flying off range , there were no airfields left in british hands , so the squadron flew off to java on 27 january 1942 .
4	volcano kelud erupts in java , killing about 5,000 .
13	sciencenet current status currently ( march 2010 ) 35 low cost linux-pcs running java and yacy software share ~ 300,000,000 documents in a distributed peer2peer network .
4	two programs written in java interpreting network data , very likely preliminary versions of nebula .
30	however , this species is better known under the name taeniura melanospila ( or melanospilos ) , which was applied by dutch ichthyologist pieter bleeker to a juvenile specimen from java , in a 1953 volume of the scientific journal natuurkundig tijdschrift voor nederlandsch indië .
17	its flagship product , the apache directory server , is an embeddable directory server entirely written in java .
12	the new network extended as far as the islands of sumatra , java and sri lanka .
20	following the end of world war ii the dutch wished to move no . 18 and no. 120 squadrons to java , however , and to facilitate this the raaf element of the squadron was disbanded on 30 october 1945 .
44	subspecies described subspecies include : c. l. dedii somadikarta , 1986 - bali and lombok c. l. dodgei richmond , 1905 ( bornean swiftlet ) - sabah c. l. linchi horsfield & f. moore , 1854 - madura , bawean , nusa penida and java c. l. ripleyi somadikarta , 1986 - barisan mountains , sumatra description this bird is shiny blackish-brown above with a greenish gloss , including its rump ; sometimes looks black and hooded .
28	the c++11 standard adopted in august 2011 amended the grammar so that a right-shift token is accepted as synonymous with a pair of right-angle brackets ( as in java ) , which complicates the grammar but allows the continued use of the maximal munch principle .
2	in the java language since version 8 , the option type is defined as parameterized final class optional .
5	jpg skewer barbecue chicken with java rice file : huay kaew waterfall grill .
8	bittyrant is a bittorrent client modified from the java - based azureus 2.5 code base .
6	it is found in sumatra , java , sulawesi and borneo .
18	it is found in sri lanka , india , hong kong and on peninsular malaysia , borneo , java and possibly the philippines and sulawesi .
37	in fact , though the maguindanao , maranao and tausug artists technically have no concept of scale ( because emphasis placed on the concept of '' rhythmic modes '' ) , the pelog and slendro scales of java were found to be most satisfactory to their own varying pentatonic / heptatonic scales .
9	divided over the ships they got to batavia on java , where bontekoe and rol were received by jan pieterszoon coen , who gave bontekoe a new command and an order to harass the chinese coast .
7	the latest release includes source-code for a java gui , controversy ippolit was initially prohibited from many computer chess websites after another engine author claimed it to be a clone of his program .
10	it is distributed from thailand to the malay peninsula , java , and the philippines .
21	theodoor gautier thomas pigeaud ( 20 february 1899 in leipzig -- 6 march 1988 in gouda ) was an expert in java literature from the netherlands .
23	it covers an area of 136.7 km ² in the indian ocean about 2,360 km north-west of perth and 500 km south of java in indonesia .
4	bricks were brought from java and the mortar consisted of a mixture of sugar , sand , ground seashells and glutinous rice .
7	pig latin abstracts the programming from the java mapreduce idiom into a notation which makes mapreduce programming high level , similar to that of sql for rdbms systems .
9	it is the highest mountain on the island of java .
11	gluonj is a simple aspect-oriented programming ( aop ) extension for java .
18	it is found in afghanistan , iran , western pakistan , india , sri lanka , sulawesi , java , bali , malaysia , sumatra and australia , where it has been recorded from the northern territory and queensland .
8	japanese forces in the meanwhile were taking over java and threatened the allied headquarters at bandung .
30	url redirection url redirection is the taking of the user to another page without his or her intervention , e.g. , using meta refresh tags , flash , javascript , java or server side redirect .
24	presumably , the painted meal moth natively ranged from southern india and sri lanka northeastwards to japan and southeastwards at least to sumatra , java and at least parts of borneo ; perhaps its natural range extended as far as the philippines in the east , and to new guinea or even fiji in the southeast .
5	there are proposals to link java , the most populated island of indonesia to sumatra via a proposed sunda strait bridge and from sumatra to singapore and/or malaysia via a malacca strait bridge .
40	it is native to south-east asia , where it has been recorded from taiwan , hong kong , china ( hainan ) , nepal , india , sri-lanka , thailand , vietnam , western malaysia , singapore , sumatra , java , borneo , the philippines and the chagos archipelago .
17	code generation libraries code generation libraries are high-level api that can generate or transform byte code for java .
22	it is native to india , assam , bangladesh , bhutan , cambodia , laos , burma , thailand , vietnam , java and sumatra .
29	the american lawyer chose robert van nest as its litigator of the week in 2012 for defeating oracle corporation in its multi-billion dollar intellectual property battle with google over java technology .
10	z390 was an assembler and system 390 emulator written in java .
16	the programming model is based on web development languages and standards including javascript , ajax , java , the dojo toolkit , server-side javascript and javaserver faces .
33	although linois was not aware of the weakness of the convoy 's defences , he knew of its importance and value and determined to intercept it , using batavia on the island of java as his main base .
9	; : created by matthew sottile to rapidly build java prototype codes that use gep , which can then be written in a language such as c or fortran for real speed .
5	the second was against dutch-owned java , but occupied by the french .
24	there are also three main components that the genso system remotely controls : rotator controller tnc radio controller the genso software is written in java .
7	in indonesia , most henghua live in java and since long have been known for their businesses that mainly related with bicycle and transportation vehicles .
27	created by savage innovations , this pic microcontroller comes with an ide ( integrated development environment ) that supports programming in syntaxes based on the basic , java and c programming languages .
3	being based on java , it is portable and can both be run locally and as an applet .
31	achomawi basket-maker his most significant trips were 1881 - brazil 1883 - india , burma , singapore , china and the philippines 1888 - singapore and ceylon 1890 - singapore and java 1892 - ceylon , singapore and india societies workman was , as well as being actively involved in the civic administration of belfast , the honorary librarian of the belfast natural history and philosophical society becoming president in 1898 .
12	history the initial cup competition started by local amateur football organiser in java , 1985 .
17	it was in the batik factory where her father worked , that waldjinah began listening to traditional java song and music .
18	the brunei times credits zheng he with building chinese muslim communities in palembang and along the shores of java , the malay peninsula , and the philippines .
40	contrasting karel the robot with karel + + syntax and methodology karel the robot , released in 1981 , contains syntax and methodology copied from pascal ; whereas karel + + provides a basis for the logistics of c++ and java .
7	a rewrite of the torchat protocol in java was created in the beginning of 2012 , called on google code .
22	the house they lived in was named kaliemas , after the kali mas river , that runs through modern day surabaya , java and it was here that edward spent his childhood .
9	peninsular malaysia , singapore , langkawi , sumatra , java , thailand , laos , nias , bawean , flores , sumba , tanadjampea , borneo , philippines , sulawesi .
14	pachymantis bicingulata is a species of praying mantis found in malaysia , sumatra , java , and borneo .
15	a week later she was assigned to cover the convoy taking troops to jakarta , java .
34	in early 1942 , satsuki was assigned to escorting troop convoys from french indochina for '' operation e '' ( the invasion of malaya ) and '' operation j '' ( the invasion of java , netherlands east indies ) , in february .
38	from april to october 1942 , the us army 's fifth air force occupied the ground , naming it '' camp murphy '' , in honor of officer colonel william murphy , a senior usaaf officer killed in java .
26	in addition to the original c++ , the lzma sdk contains reference implementations of lzma compression and decompression ported to ansi c , c# , and java .
19	technology focus the company is a microsoft gold certified partner and member of sun advantage program with .net and java r & d centers .
7	kantega primarily develops bespoke software based on java and lightweight application frameworks , identity management and digital signature solutions based on pki and web services technology .
4	it is written in java and released under epl and bsd licences ( formerly under gnu lgpl ) .
23	shortly after his return to germany , he voyaged to the old world tropics , visiting sri lanka , the malay peninsula , java , and sumatra in 1938 and 1939 .
8	distribution this plant occurs naturally in borneo , java and philippines .
2	borobodur , java , indonesia the infinite life sūtra , or longer sukhāvatīvyūha sūtra ( ; ) is a mahāyāna buddhist sūtra , and the primary text of pure land buddhism .
12	acrocercops autarithma is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from java , indonesia .
23	this was in turn almost certainly named after the city , which is the capital of indonesia , located on the island of java .
42	besides being invited to standout performance venues like new york 's prestigious palace theater ( 1916 ) , denishawn was the first american company to present '' serious western dance '' in japan , burma , china , india , ceylon , java , malaya and the philippines ( 1925 -- 26 ) ( sherman , enduring influence 77 ) .
6	it is found in forests in java and perhaps bali , although sightings there have not been verified .
19	this specialized academy teaches students about computers , with most of its focus on programming in languages such as java , visual basic , and c++ .
15	the software was notable at the time of its release for being written entirely in java .
15	d. eriantha is found in and around southern china and in indochina , sumatra , java , borneo and the philippines .
4	an earthquake struck central java , indonesia on december 2 .
1	on java , there are several dishes made from dog meat , such as sengsu ( tongseng asu ) , sate jamu , and kambing balap .
6	the word ciblon derives from a java type of water-play , where people smack the water with different hand shapes to give different sounds and complex rhythms .
8	then he flew his b-17 flying fortress to java in the dutch east indies , where his squadron had been diverted in an attempt to stem the japanese advance .
15	it is found from the himalaya to japan , taiwan , burma , borneo and java .
30	the main feature of the game which makes it educational is the ability of the player to program his or her robots using a programming language similar to c++ or java .
17	these games make samarinda the second city to host pekan olahraga nasional outside of the island of java and sumatra , after makassar hosted the 1957 pekan olahraga nasional .
29	this product contains a wsh scripting engine which allows for programming of the windows operating system and applications with rexx in the same fashion in which visual basic and java / j++ are implemented by the default wsh installation and perl , tcl , python third-party scripting engines .
6	in the fourteenth century , the java manuscript nagarakretagama , written by prapanca in 1365 , mentioned barune as the vassal state of majapahit , which had to make an annual tribute of 40 katis of camphor .
16	more recently the parallel constructs of parasail have been adapted for other syntaxes , to produce java - like , python - like , and ada - like parallel languages , dubbed , respectively , javallel , parython , and sparkel ( named after the spark subset of ada on which it is based ) .
20	it is a marine , deep water-dwelling eel which is known from the indo-west pacific , including northwestern australia , java ( from which the species epithet is derived ) , and indonesia .
11	academy for computer science in this academy , students learn about java .
8	dukun are most common on the island of java , though the island of madura is especially feared for being very powerful practitioners of dark magic , and bali is well regarded for its dukun .
4	it originated from the java offered to louis xiv and bred in the jardin des plantes .
32	the kharavelan jain empire included a maritime empire with trading routes linking it to sri lanka , burma , thailand , vietnam , cambodia , borneo , bali , sumatra , and java .
37	*nix ( unix and related ) shells , t assembly language , and likewise the c programming language , which was designed for unix ( and the syntactic descendants of c -- including c++ , c# , java , javascript , python and windows powershell ) use the prefix 0x for numeric constants represented in hex : 0x5a3 .
12	model 2 is a complex design pattern used in the design of java web application which separates the display of content from the logic used to obtain and manipulate the content .
33	nang sbek ( shadow theater ) ( or lakhaon nang sbek ; khmer ) is closely related to the nang yai of thailand , wayang of malaysia and indonesia like the islands of java and bali , thus implying that nang sbek may have an indonesian or malaysian origin many centuries ago .
11	he chose the naval base and oil refinery at surabaya , java ( operation transom ) and the distance from the newly renamed east indies fleet 's base at ceylon required refuelling at exmouth gulf on the western coast of australia before the attack .
5	the novel is set in java at the end of world war two preceding the indonesian war of independence .
12	by 2010 , he was spending weekends in belitung and weekdays in java .
21	ancient maritime history the silk road extending from southern europe through arabia , somalia , egypt , persia , india and java until it reaches china .
30	during the protracted aceh war the numbers of european troops were kept to 12,000 but continued achenese resistance necessitated the deployment of up to 23,000 indigenous soldiers ( mainly from java , ambon , and manado ) .
18	it has escaped cultivation in some areas and become naturalized in florida and texas , united states ; java , indonesia ; the philippines ; and the west indies .
8	bees and humans bee larvae as food in java former coat of arms of abella de la conca , lleida , spain bees figure prominently in mythology and folklore and have been used by political theorists as a model for human society .
28	service after burma after service in burma the division was the first unit to be landed in singapore as part of operation tiderace and was later sent to java as part of the allied occupation of the dutch east indies .
11	basic technology of intergator is lucene and the programming language is java .
37	according to her résumé , which is shown in '' the possimpible '' , she is fluent in italian , certified in teaching english as a second language , and proficient in photoshop , quark , and java .
32	scindapsus pictus ( satin pothos , silver vine ) is a species of flowering plant in the arum family araceae , native to bangladesh , thailand , peninsular malaysia , borneo , java , sumatra , sulawesi , and the philippines .
37	examples and other notations in most programming languages , 6.022 e23 or 6.022 e23 is equivalent to  , and  would be written 1.6e-35 ( e.g. ada , c++ , fortran , matlab , scilab , perl , java , python and lua .
2	introduced in java , indonesia .
15	an earlier tool with a similar function also called python server pages but based on java and jpython was first released in 1999 .
30	june 24 the boeing 747-236b city of edinburgh , operating as british airways flight 9 with 263 people on board , flies through a cloud of volcanic ash south of java .
4	it is found in java , the philippines , the new hebrides , woodlark island , new guinea , australia , china ( hainan ) and vanuatu .
5	the islands of sumatra and java in western indonesia were the seat of the empire of sri vijaya ( 8th-13th century ) , which came to dominate most of the area around the southeast asian peninsula through maritime power .
3	maven dynamically downloads java libraries and maven plug-ins from one or more repositories such as the maven 2 central repository , and stores them in a local cache .
14	in addition to being available through sirius.com , howard stern 's website offers a java application that streams the two stern-themed channels .
12	system requirements and distribution types youtrack is cross-platform and works on any java - enabled operating system , including microsoft windows , linux ( *nix ) , mac os x and solaris .
10	these modules could be implemented in different ways : on java - based eai systems , these could be web application or ejbs or even pojo that conform to the eai system 's specifications .
17	the following products exist but commercial support and development has stopped : qt jambi -- qt for java qt extended -- application platform for embedded linux - based mobile computing devices history trolltech was founded by eirik chambe-eng and haavard nord on 4 march 1994 .
15	among the supported programming language and markup language are c , c++ , c# , java , javascript , php , html , latex , css , python , perl , ruby , pascal , haskell , erlang , vala and many others .
15	sydle seed sydle seed is a workflow engine for business process management , written in java where you can model , execute and monitor processes described in bpmn .
33	after the surrender of the japanese forces in august 1945 they took over japanese held airfields , assisted in the evacuation of allied prisoners of war and undertook other peace keeping duties in java , thailand and french indo china .
6	some programming language , such as java and j , allow the programmer an explicit access to the positive and negative infinity values as language constants .
16	he received at his court a brahmin sage called nirartha who fled from chaotic conditions on java .
25	for business process modeling , object-oriented programming ( oop ) and object-oriented analysis and design ( ooad ) code generation for different programming language : java , c# , visual basic.net and c++ .
3	mountains of western java .
15	corba then specifies a mapping from idl to a specific implementation language like c++ or java .
9	anthillpro supports distributed and cross-platform builds in .net , java , c/c++ and other programming language .
7	temples were terraced on the island of java by at least 800 ce , and the practice spread to cambodia .
3	the provinces of java range from 5 % christian up to 12 % in the capital jakarta .
10	today , however , languages with garbage collection such as java are increasingly popular ; the main manually managed languages still in widespread use today are c and c++ -- see c dynamic memory allocation .
16	swarmcast was originally the name of an innovative peer-to-peer software product developed by opencola in the java programming language .
11	e. du perron , born in meester cornelis , batavia , java , dutch east indies on 2 november 1899 , and died in bergen , north holland , the netherlands on 14 may 1940 , descended from french aristocracy .
12	mekarbaru is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
19	it is native to indian subcontinent , southern china , southeast asia , ethiopia , socotra , mauritius , java , and the philippines .
13	in 1786 he became the resident assistant in bengal and later resident on java .
12	distribution this species of cobra is native to the indonesian islands of java and the lesser sunda islands of bali , lombok , sumbawa , komodo , flores , lomblen , and alor .
4	textalytics provides sdks for java , python and php , and plug-ins for microsoft excel and gate .
15	the regency of banyuwangi is located at the easternmost end of the indonesia island of java .
3	there are also java implementations of x servers .
11	xom is a xml document object model for processing xml with java that strives for correctness and simplicity .
15	the prambanan temple complex hundreds of ancient stone religious monuments lie on the island of java .
6	firefox 26 changed the behavior of java plugins to '' click-to-play '' mode instead of automatically running them .
16	the influence of simula is often understated , and simula-type objects are reimplemented in c++ , java and c# .
10	as an illustration , consider the widely used programming language java .
18	the competition level of this region was held in six regions of northern sumatra , southern sumatra , java - bali , kalimantan ( borneo ) , sulawesi and eastern indonesia ( nusa tenggara maluku papua ) .
7	while numerous programming languages , such as java , combine oop with concurrency mechanisms like threads , the phrase '' concurrent object-oriented programming '' primarily refers to systems where objects themselves are a concurrency primitive , such as when objects are combined with the actor model .
5	colonial scribe in besuki , java wearing blangkon , 1913 .
6	in indonesia in 8th century ancient java during the era of medang kingdom , manjusri was a prominent boddhisattva deity revered by the sailendra rulers , the patron of mahayana buddhism .
7	in 1881 , abu bakar also visited java , which was under dutch rule .
13	he belonged to a dynasty of kings who were descended from majapahit on java , and reigned from their palace ( puri ) in gelgel .
25	the rawagede massacre was committed by royal netherlands east indies army on 9 december 1947 in the village of rawagede ( now balongsari in west java ) , during operatie product .
32	disperis is a genus of 74 species distributed in tropical and southern africa , madagascar , mascarenes , sri lanka , india , thailand , ryukyu islands , china , taiwan , java , lesser sunda islands , philippines , new guinea , and carolines .
19	service history 1865-74 1874-75 the adelphoi seems to have first made its way into australian waters in 1874 via java , leaving cherilbon on 1 october with a full cargo of sugar .
27	he took a boat trip from brisbane to hong kong via thursday island and manilla down along the south china sea to singapore , and back via java and celebes .
12	1942 world war ii : dutch forces surrender to japanese forces on java .
16	fenimore cooper and two other ships charted archipelago and passages between batavia and singapore and from java northward to the south china sea until june 1854 , when she rejoined the flagship at hong kong .
18	it is found in sri lanka , japan ( ogasawara ) , taiwan , the philippines and on java .
19	three young girls in bantul bantul is a town and the capital of bantul regency , yogyakarta province , java , indonesia .
20	some webct criticisms which were apparent include problems using it in multiple tabs or browser windows , heavy reliance on java for its user experience , usage of too many browser framesets , issues with some features requiring pop-up blockers to be turned off , and problems using standard browser navigation tools ( i.e. the back and forward commands ) .
5	the c , c++ , java and .net variants of apis are available for creating applications to use rtr .
8	open relay honeypots include jackpot , written in java by jack cleaver ; smtpot.py , written in python by karl a. krueger ; and spamhole , written in c .
19	located on the deli river near the city of medan , belawan is indonesia 's busiest port outside of java .
20	step 2 - asm transformation automatically rewrites the legacy application code into object-oriented ( oo ) code ( c++ , java , c# , etc. ) and couples it to relational or object-oriented database .
43	colonial literature the republic 's colonies , of which the dutch east indies were the most important , started to produce writers as well , the first of which was abraham alewijn ( b. 1664 ) , a comedy playwright who lived in java and whose plays were produced in batavia .
14	in 1812 , sir thomas stamford raffles , then lieutenant-governor of the island of java , removed it along with the so-called '' calcutta stone '' as a token of appreciation to his superior , then british governor general of india , lord minto .
18	while a software engineer at sun microsystems ( 1997 -- 2001 ) , davidson created tomcat , a java based webserver application and the ant java‐based build tool .
27	these aircraft flew between britain and egypt ( with an extensive detour around spain over the atlantic ) , and they were used in the evacuation of java in the east indies .
15	it is found in the western pacific , from the ryukyu islands and taiwan to java and northwestern australia .
12	another boat that washed up was the amsterdam that set sail to java but ended up being washed away at the sandy strip in 1749 .
28	examples to distinguish a fully qualified name from a regular name , c++ , tcl , perl and ruby use two colons ( : : ) , and java uses dots ( .
17	for example , the go programming language introduced a multilingual hello world program , sun demonstrated a java hello world based on scalable vector graphics , and the xl programming language features a spinning earth hello world using 3d graphics .
9	latest release includes bundled support for both .net and java development environments ; and support for integration with the tigerlogic xdms product .
59	) , myanmar , nicobar islands , andaman islands ( stragglers only ) , western , southern and eastern china ( including hainan ) , taiwan and southern japan , ryukyu islands , thailand , laos , vietnam , kampuchea , malaysia , and indonesia ( sumatra , mentawai islands , nias , batu , simeulue , bangka , java , kalimantan , and the lesser sunda islands ) .
9	at the other end of the islamic world , java royalty are mostly buried in royal graveyards such as those at kota gede and imogiri .
8	jaikoz is commercially licensed software , written in java 1.5 by paul taylor .
17	aeschynanthus radicans is a vine-like plant native to the humid tropics of the malay peninsula south to java .
46	examples there are many service discovery protocols , including : bluetooth service discovery protocol ( sdp ) dns service discovery ( dns-sd ) , a component of zero configuration networking dynamic host configuration protocol ( dhcp ) internet storage name service ( isns ) jini for java objects .
11	jpg kota gede , royal tomb complex for the sultan of java .
27	workers from various ethnic and social backgrounds , including people from vanuatu , french polynesia , réunion island in the indian ocean , india , malaysia , java ( indonesia ) and as far away as west africa and the west indies , as well thousands of french convicts worked the land in and around the mission .
13	mccabe had arranged for the gazelle to take o'reilly only as far as java , but adverse weather prevented the ship 's finding safe passage through the sunda strait .
22	many programming languages have a cross-platform reference implementation that supports linux , for example php , perl , ruby , python , java , go , rust and haskell .
15	with british force 66 , cummings sortied 15 may for air strikes on soerabaja , java , then she left the british forces and returned to pearl harbor via sydney .
0	java applications can embed it as library , use it as a service in wildfly or any non-java applications can use it as remote service through tcp/ip .
6	, an opensource logo implementation in java , was designed and implemented by daniel azuma , based on bsd logo ( with various extensions ) .
33	from the various sanskrit terms and titles seen in the document , the culture and society of manila bay was that of a hindu old malay amalgamation , similar to the cultures of java , peninsular malaysia and sumatra at the time .
13	it is endemic to indonesia , where it is found in sumatra and java .
6	aida implementations exist for c++ , java and python .
20	unlike the expansionist dharmasetu , samaratungga did not indulge in military expansion but preferred to strengthen the srivijayan hold of java .
63	the following operating systems are supported : linux ( glibc ) = 2.5 ) mac os x ( universal binary ) windows 2000 , xp , vista , 7 those applications are published under the following licences ( you must agree with at least one licence ) : gnu gpl gnu lgpl mpl cecill binary versions can be distributed with proprietary libraries ( java jre ) models is currently one of the main scenari models and is used in several french universities and by some international partners to produce academic training documents .
11	this flight had batavia ( colonial jakarta ) on the island java in the dutch east indies as the final destination and was flown by a fokker f.vii with registration h-nacc and was piloted by van der hoop .
19	its origin area is south china , vietnam , laos , cambodia , thailand and the indonesian island of java .
17	the company is a microsoft gold certified partner and member of sun advantage program with .net and java r & d centers .
26	whereas deforestation was primarily driven by subsistence activities and government-sponsored development projects like transmigration in countries like indonesia and colonization in latin america , india , java , and so on , during late 19th century and the earlier half of the 20th century .
7	the production will be incorporated to the java - bali 150kilovolt transmission system in 2015 .
13	sea temples are erected on the coasts of bali , lombok , and java to appease the god or goddess of the sea .
24	it is native to southern china , india , sri lanka , thailand , cambodia , laos , vietnam , malaysia , indonesia ( java , sulawesi , kalimantan , sumatra ) , the philippines , new guinea and australia ( new south wales , queensland , northern territory and western australia ) .
3	written entirely in java , it is used to build , integrate and manage public and private clouds in homogeneous environments .
19	in southeast asia it occurs throughout most of indochina ( including peninsular malaysia ) , sumatra , borneo , java , palawan , and on smaller nearby islands .
16	by contrast , xquery syntax is more suitable for embedding in traditional programming languages such as java or c# .
7	at that time , holland controlled the java islands .
8	the alfresco content-management system includes jlan , a java implementation of an smb server .
4	it remained based on java throughout the pacific war as a garrison force .
7	examples : delphi/object pascal , c++ , java , c# , vb.net .
7	following the augmentation of ensembles in central java over the last century , however , the east javanese have added one or two siyem and three or four kempul for each tuning system in many ensembles .
43	the english used , she found , was '' clear and smooth , if not poetic '' , and the interspersing of '' valuable , scattered information '' in the notes led readers to become '' impatient '' for a social history of java .
8	this document mentions a leader of medang in java .
20	at first operating out of surabaya , she moved in february 1942 to tjilatjap , the last allied port in java .
12	acrocercops haplocosma is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from java , indonesia .
39	range the butterfly occurs in sri lanka , india , nepal , myanmar , thailand , laos , north vietnam , hainan , hong kong , south yunnan , langkawi , malaysia , singapore , tioman , sumatra and java .
38	the decision in 2003 had two components , on the one hand to get free software running on most of the desktops , and on the other hand to buy and develop web-based and platform independent ( e.g. java - based ) business applications .
21	career educated at dulwich college , dulwich , london , prior to entering politics he served as a vice consul in java between 1914 and 1920 .
32	from february 1944 rotherham was deployed in the indian ocean , and in april joined the eastern fleet to take part in series of offensive operations against the japanese in sumatra and java , and the indian nationalist azad hind in the andaman islands , acting as an escort to aircraft carriers and battleships .
10	micropsi 's first generation ( 2003-2009 ) is implemented in java , and includes a framework for editing and simulating software agent using spreading activation networks , and a graphics engine for visualization .
12	it was described by snellen in 1895 , and is known from java , indonesia .
4	umlet is an open-source java - based uml tool designed for teaching the unified modeling language and for quickly creating uml diagrams .
5	jibx is an open source java framework for xml data binding .
28	weaving in aspectj in the programming language aspectj , pointcuts , join points , and the modularized code are defined in an aspect block similar to that of java classes .
16	in 2004 , beust was hired by google to help the search company with its nascent java efforts .
12	other variants of zlob trojan installation come in the form of a java cab file masquerading as a computer scan .
8	it is found in sri lanka and on java and bali .
24	shipwreck the belitung shipwreck was discovered in 1998 by sea-cucumber fishermen diving in shallow water , just off the coast of belitung island near java .
14	dbpedia spotlight is publicly available as a web service for testing purposes or a java / scala api licensed via apache license .
17	from 1908 − 1911 he was on the staff of the experiment station at salatiga , in java becoming acting director in 1911 − 12 and director from 1912 − 18 .
19	php has a native boolean type , named '' boolean '' , similar to the native boolean types in java and c++ .
18	- hawaii , eastern maui coprosma moorei f.muell. ex rodway - tasmania , victoria coprosma myrtifolia noronha - java coprosma x neglecta cheeseman - c. repens × c. rhamnoides - new zealand north island coprosma nephelephila j. florence - marquesas islands coprosma niphophila orchard - new zealand south island , new south wales coprosma nitida hook.f. - tasmania , victoria , new south wales coprosma nivalis w.r.b. oliv .
21	however , there is no record of a substantial collection reaching holland , and somehow these two specimens ended up at java where they remained for over seventy years .
4	applications include libreoffice , java , the gimp , xsane , cups , xara xtreme , financial applications , and others .
11	geographic range c. intestinalis is found in borneo , indonesia , java , malaysia , the mentawai archipelago , the philippines , singapore , sumatra , thailand , and vietnam .
20	with version 3.0 , the system was completely rebuilt and is now available as a component-oriented application developed in the java programming language .
8	it combines features of scheme , tcl and java .
11	later , whippoorwill screened tulsa as the two ships proceeded for java .
6	javabeans are reusable software components for java .
11	1527 ) , and belonged to a dynasty of immigrants from java .
19	history during the majapahit kingdom in the 15th century , bambu runcing fighting was practiced on the island of java .
31	the toolkit consists of a messaging server , and client libraries for many software development environments , including c / c++ libraries ( with and without thread support ) , a java class to be used by applets or applications , and interfaces for perl , python , and ruby .
26	actionscript ada autohotkey c / c++ cobol the cocoa objective-c frameworks coldfusion common lisp delphi delphi prism e ( ieee 1647 ) emacs lisp groovy haskell java aspectj javascript logtalk lua make matlab ml perl php prolog python racket ruby squeak smalltalk uml 2.0 xml see also aspect-oriented software development distributed aop attribute grammar , a formalism that can be used for aspect-oriented programming on top of functional programming languages programming paradigm subject-oriented programming , an alternative to aspect-oriented programming role-oriented programming , an alternative to aspect-oriented programming predicate dispatch , an older alternative to aspect-oriented programming executable uml comefrom : some elements of aspect-oriented programming have been compared to the joke comefrom statement .
23	it is native in the indomalaya ecozone to bangladesh , india , pakistan , sri lanka , and in indochinese ecoregion east to java and the malesia ecoregion .
16	papilio karna is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus papilio that is found in java , sumatra , borneo and the philippines .
17	he was killed on 12 may 1832 during an insurrection that took place on the island of java .
1	february java was struck by a magnitude 4.8 earthquake that occurred on february 2 .
16	indonesia in indonesia , pt kereta api operates inter-city services in many cities , especially in java .
14	distribution this species can be found in east india , thailand , laos , java and timor .
2	is a java extension with capabilities of linq , based on .
24	sarons of the gamelan sekati in yogyakarta the gamelan sekaten ( or sekati ) is a ceremonial gamelan ( musical ensemble ) from central java , indonesia , played during the annual sekaten festival .
12	acrocercops brachyglypta is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from java , indonesia , as well as samoa and the solomon islands .
12	some computer language have implementations of decimal floating point arithmetic , including java with big decimal , emacs with calc , python , and in unix the bc and dc calculators .
6	in other languages , such as java and python , the value is fixed and a new string must be created if any alteration is to be made ; these are termed immutable strings .
45	symphony sdk sample client program developed using symphony apis developers construct their own client ( send requests , collects results ) and service ( accepts requests , performs computation , returns responses ) using symphony apis in the language of their choice ( c++ , java , c# , com api ) .
2	net , java , c , c++ , visual basic , php , coldfusion , perl , ruby and python .
3	) however , java does not have generators built into the language .
9	on 2 march , she put into tjilatjap , java , and took on board 12 members of the staff of the commander of the submarines of the asiatic fleet , for transportation to australia .
15	pelog is one of the two essential scales of gamelan music native to bali and java , in indonesia .
25	features syntax highlighting for many languages ( batch , bash , c / c++ , c# , css , d , diff , idl , java , javascript , lua , html , makefiles , perl , python , php , ruby , sql , xml ) plaintext - and regexp - based text search/replacement line numbers text wrapping autocomplete auto-indent bracket matching current line highlighting saving/restoring of named sessions line markers character encoding selection customizable gui brazilian portuguese , chinese ( simplified ) , czech , english , french , german , polish , russian and spanish translations .
25	unlike windows , mac os , unix or unix-like systems which are primarily written in the c programming language , javaos is primarily written in java .
7	it is found on peninsular malaysia , java , borneo and nias .
34	it is widespread across much of southeast asia , including southern china ( hainan , tibet , yunnan ) , bhutan , assam , malaysia , myanmar , nepal , thailand , vietnam , java , sumatra , the philippines , and the andaman & nicobar islands .
32	though it originated as a re-engineering of c++ , d is a distinct language , having redesigned some core c + + features while also taking inspiration from other languages , notably java , python , ruby , c# , and eiffel .
9	it is found in thailand , the maldives , java , the marshall islands , the ellis islands , india , sri lanka and the seychelles .
6	summary once upon a time in java , there was a poor widow named mbok srini that lived alone in her humble house on the edge of the jungle .
39	the large variety of species may be explained by the fact that some 6,000 years ago , the kapuas river , as a tributary of the sunda river , was connected to other tributary rivers of south sumatra , java and malay peninsula .
7	they have been found on sumatra , java , sulawesi and offshore ternate but are hitherto unknown from borneo and the lesser sunda islands where they conceivably might also occur .
12	there is a version programmed in perl and another one programmed in java .
9	pophealth uses the ruby on rails framework , the java programming language , the open source mongodb database , and several web 2.0 javascript libraries including scriptaculous and prototype .
13	erubis erubis is an implementation of eruby implemented in ruby and also in java .
18	the ullen sentalu museum is a javanese culture and art museum located in kaliurang highland , yogyakarta , java , indonesia .
10	omegat+ -- free computer assisted translation tools platform cross-platform ( java ) .
8	contrast with javadoc which is specialized to documenting java classes .
1	the java antiaris toxicaria flowers in june .
17	programming language in basic , lisp - family languages , and c - family languages ( including java and c++ ) , operator means '' less than '' .
4	as with most of java , the bojonegoro landscape is dominated with rice paddy fields .
1	in java , trampoline refers to using reflection to avoid using inner class , for example in event listeners .
22	he pursued economics at gadjah mada university where he immersed himself with leftist student movements and started to organize peasants movements in java .
9	it supports many internet technologies , including javascript , java , html 4.0 , css 2 , and ssl for secure communications .
19	macro languages are a kind of transformation languages to transform a meta language into specific higher programming language like java , c++ , fortran in the model-driven engineering technical space , there are model transformation language ( mtls ) , that take as input models conforming to a given metamodel and produce as output models conforming to a different metamodel .
31	'' afflictions : culture and mental illness in indonesia '' is a six-part ethnographic documentary film series on the lives of the mentally ill living on the islands of bali and java in indonesia .
6	she studied fagaceous trees in the java flora .
12	mobile ( j2me ) in december 2010 , ea mobile released a java - based port of the game for mobile phones .
18	sailing from fremantle 29 february , haddo embarked on her fifth war patrol in waters off borneo , java , and indochina .
17	it contains only one species , peribona venosa , which is found in the himalaya and on java .
4	cetus is written in java .
7	biography einthoven was born in semarang on java in the dutch east indies ( now indonesia ) .
18	findbugs is an open source program created by bill pugh and david hovemeyer which looks for bugs in java code .
18	krupuk tanah is usually in purple hue , and can be found at traditional markets in pekalongan , java , indonesia , especially in the town of weleri .
9	he also invested in rubber plantations in malaya , java and borneo .
13	there was a dispute about geopolitical relations between sunda and majapahit ( i.e. java ) .
33	roxen was often ahead of its time , featuring a web-based graphical user interface ( gui ) administration interface , loadable modules that could be written in several languages including pike and later java , dynamic content generation with a comprehensive caching system , replication systems for multi-headed servers , and an embedded sql server for data-heavy server operations ( as well as broad support for other databases ) .
3	bytecode compilers for java , python , and many more are also a subtype of this .
10	it is currently positioned , alongside the more recently introduced java , as the language for programming the sap application server , part of its netweaver platform for building business applications .
21	in late february 1942 , 4th destroyer flotilla escorted transports with the 48th infantry division to makassar , celebes and eastern java .
19	massive online analysis ( moa ) : a real-time big data stream mining with concept drift tool in the java programming language .
38	it is found in nepal , china ( shaanxi , jiangsu , hunan ) , korea , japan , taiwan , india ( sikkim , meghalaya ) , sri lanka , thailand , vietnam , malaysia and on java , bali and borneo .
11	c# : most widely used cli language , bearing similarities to java , object pascal ( delphi ) and c++ .
24	escape sequences are used in the programming languages c and c++ , and also in many more languages ( with some variations ) like java and c# .
13	it is found from the philippines to new guinea , new britain and java .
26	later , he was jailed in the east indies by the dutch on charges of fomenting rebellion , but managed to escape from his prison in java .
19	the mindquarry server relies on a number of technologies , including the apache http server , subversion , and java sdk .
14	some garbage-collected languages feature or support various levels of weak references , such as java , c# , python , perl , and lisp ， shell .
4	mmbase is written in java , it is open source software ( mozilla public license ) and uses open standards .
13	it contains only one species , elosita fuscocilialis , which is found on java .
2	josm ( java openstreetmap editor ) is an editor for openstreetmap data .
11	after the japanese surrender in 1945 , the regiment moved to java in the dutch east indies in support of the 5th and 23rd indian division , who were engaged in suppressing a revolt by the indonesians .
5	the software was written in java , with some c code to integrate a third party native library used for the voice over ip conferencing functionality .
5	the compiler is implemented in java .
11	it is available for windows , unix and other systems supporting java .
22	after stopping at funchal , madeira islands ; porto praya ; and simonstown , false bay ; the expedition arrived batavia , java , 12 december .
37	in early 1942 , oyashio participated in the invasion of the netherlands east indies , escorting the invasion forces for menado , kendari and ambon in january , and the invasion forces for makassar , timor and java in february .
10	the following implementation is valid c , c++ , and java .
15	the matlab version of gui , will be completely developed to a gui written in java .
11	many of sri lanka 's batik paintings are imported directly from java village artists .
5	in 1931 hoogerwerf moved to java in the dutch east indies ( now indonesia ) , where he worked at the bogor botanical gardens .
18	z. d. horsfieldi ( horsfield 's thrush ) is resident in indonesia on the islands of sumatra , java , bali , lombok and sumbawa .
20	caryota mitis , the clustering fishtail palm , is a species of palm native to southeast asia from india to java to southern china , now sparingly naturalized in southern florida and in parts of africa and latin america .
15	it was first released under the name seagate analysis as a free application written in java released in 1999 .
25	function overloading or method overloading is a feature found in various programming language such as ada , c++ , c# , delphi , d , java , and swift , that allows creating several method with the same name which differ from each other in the type of the input and the output of the function .
9	the javan trogon is endemic to the west of java in indonesia .
38	assignments : no measurement/calculations : yes ( calculator is bit strange ) platform : unix/linux , windows , mac os ( anything which supports qt ) proofs : no extra : editable non-euclid non-euclid is a very basic java - igs used only for hyperbolic geometry in the poincaré disk and the upper half-plane models .
12	software platform the dvb multimedia home platform ( dvb-mhp ) defines a java - based platform for the development of consumer video system applications .
25	the code within these programs typically uses the same languages available to an in-house ibm domino developer : ibm notes formula language , lotusscript , java and javascript .
15	in exchange , banda predominantly received rice and cloth ; namely light cotton batik from java , calicoes from india and ikat from the lesser sundas .
6	operators can be implemented either in java or python .
8	the pertjajah luhur ( pl ) is a java political party in suriname .
43	use in computer systems in computers , some examples of usually case-sensitive data are : username password filename tags commands variable names searching for a text string within electronic text some computer languages are case-sensitive for their identifiers ( c , c++ , java , c# , verilog , ruby and xml ) .
62	several religious movements contributed to the historical development of religion at angkor : indigenous religious cults , including those centered on worship of the ancestors and of the lingam ; a royal cult of personality , identifying the king with the deity , characteristic not only of angkor , but of other indic civilizations in southeast asia , such as champa and java ; hinduism , especially shaivism , the form of hinduism focussed on the worship of shiva and the lingam as the symbol of shiva , but also vaishnavism , the form of hinduism focussed on the worship of vishnu ; buddhism , in both its mahayana and theravada varieties .
31	it is known from australia ( new south wales , queensland ) , china ( yunnan , guangdong , hong kong ) , india ( karnataka , west bengal ) , java , japan ( honshū , the ryukyu islands , shikoku ) , myanmar , sri lanka and taiwan .
13	schouten was arrested ( and later released ) and his ship confiscated in java .
17	the ship departed sydney , australia sometime between 8 and 17 january 1816 on its way to java and canton , china .
25	terralib is implemented as a library of c++ classes and functions , written in ansi - c + + , and has programming interfaces in java and visual basic .
13	in computing , toplink is an object-relational mapping ( orm ) package for java developers .
35	programming courses offered cover four different programming languages starting with visual basic .net ( computer programming i ) followed by c# ( computer programming ii ) , sas ( sas programming i ) , and java ( ap computer science a ) .
4	the bosscha observatory on java has been named after his son karel albert rudolf bosscha ( 1865 -- 1928 ) , who contributed much to the technical development of indonesia .
16	its pavilion shelters the tomb of sunan giri , one of the nine muslim saints of java ( see wali sanga ) , and like the tombs of the other wali sanga , it is a significant and highly auspicious pilgrimage point .
2	borobodur , java , indonesia .
18	during the migration , both groups intermarried with peoples of the southern islands , such as those from java ( indonesian ) , and also with aboriginal peoples of australoid , negrito and melanesoid origin .
4	it is found on java and in australia , where it has been recorded from northern queensland .
29	as of 2007 , more than 593 million people lived in the region , more than a fifth of them ( 125 million ) on the indonesian island of java , the most densely populated large island in the world .
3	being developed using java , and being available for linux , windows and mac os x platforms nomenclature the first part of the abbreviation stands for generalitat valenciana , the spanish regional authority that the system was originally developed for .
20	it is found in tropical and subtropical asia from india east to china and the ryukyu islands , south to java and the philippines .
8	it enables writing actor programs in the usual java syntax .
13	there are language bindings for c , c++ , c# , delphi , java and many more .
23	overview scavis has several features useful for data analysis : uses jython , beanshell , groovy , jruby scripting , or the standard java .
25	health officials report that 4,500 people have been hospitalized for the mosquito - borne disease , mostly in the capital and other parts of east java , including the city of yogyakarta .
9	in this regard , dynamic cast behaves like a java typecast .
11	it is found in southern thailand , malaysia , sumatra , java , sulawesi , papua and new guinea , vanuatu , and the solomon islands .
20	when the japanese occupied the indies in february 1942 , nio was one of at least 542 ethnic chinese from java and madura who were arrested and detained .
15	during his career , he took part in scientific expeditions to egypt , india , java , sumatra , north america and the arctic .
9	one of the major features of hindu-buddhist architecture in java and bali is the ubiquitous kirtimukha over arches and doorways .
33	features qt extended features : windowing system synchronization framework development environment internationalization and localization support game and multimedia personal information manager applications full screen handwriting input method personalization options productivity applications internet applications java integration wireless support qt extended is dual license under the gnu general public license ( gpl ) and proprietary licenses .
7	the rest of population are immigrants from java and nearby maluku islands .
13	it is found in borneo , peninsular malaysia , singapore , sumatra , java , burma and india .
12	products and technology when established , gigaspaces focused on application platforms for java , and .net environments based on the software architecture pattern '' space-based architecture '' , borrowing concepts from the jini and javaspaces specifications , providing linear scalability for stateful , high-performance applications using the tuple space paradigm .
29	according to historian paul michel munoz , the javanese sanjaya dynasty was a strong rival of the srivijayans in the 8th century when the srivijayan capital was located in java .
48	although the necessity of the campaign has since been called into question , at the time it was felt that borneo was strategically important due to its vast oil deposits , and numerous airfields and harbors which made it ideal as a springboard for operations in malaya and java which were planned for 1946 but which did not in the end eventuate .
29	the company 's translation platform converts customers from cobol , natural/adabas , jcl , icl , idms , ims and to modern platforms like c# , sql server , java , db2 and more .
8	the territory of the state included some of java and most of sumatra .
34	opposing the australians were a number of indonesian units , including elements of the resimen para komando angkatan darat ( rpkad ) and the diponegoro division , normally based in kodam 7 in central java .
20	sample code for calculating cddb1 disc ids in various programming languages is available on the web , such as in java .
17	remnants of chinese pottery from the han dynasty have been excavated in sumatra , borneo , and java and date from the 1st century .
37	in january 1942 , aotaka was assigned to ”operation h” ( the invasion of the celebes in the netherlands east indies , supporting landings at kendari and makassar , and later supporting ”operation j” , the invasion java and bali .
29	one group is attached to the western fleet , based in jakarta , and the other group is attached to the eastern fleet , based in surabaya , east java .
18	from 1990 until 1996 , geographic names for fragrances were used , such as africa , alaska , java , nevada , and inca .
3	kawi originated in java , and was used across much of maritime southeast asia .
26	in the late 1990s , there were plans by sun microsystems and other companies to build cpus that directly ( or closely ) implemented the stack-based java virtual machine .
13	shirayuki was subsequently assigned to '' operation j '' ( the invasion of java ) , and was in the battle of sunda strait on 1 march , assisting in the sinking of the australian cruiser and the american cruiser .
50	arithmetic operators comparison operators/relational operators logical operators bitwise operators compound assignment operators member and pointer operators other operators notes : operator precedence the following is a table that lists the precedence and associativity of all the operators in the c and c++ languages ( when the operators also exist in java , perl , php and many other recent languages , the precedence is the same as that given ) .
7	the documentary was filmed in sumatra , java , bali , africa , hawaii and australia .
5	he was a captured in java during wwii and survived as a pow .
4	synth is a skinnable java look and feel , which is configured with an xml property file .
75	historical dholes once ranged throughout most of south , east and southeast asia , extending from the tien shan of kyrgyzstan and china , the eastern pamir mountains of tajikistan , and the altai mountains and the primorsky krai region of russia southward through mongolia , korea , china , tibet , nepal , pakistan - controlled kashmir territory , india , and south-eastwards into myanmar and indochina , thailand , malaysia , sumatra and java .
11	for c++ , in the library for c# , at for java , in the library for matlab , in the package for perl , in the module for python , in the networkx library for r , in package see also dijkstra 's algorithm , an algorithm for finding single-source shortest paths in a more restrictive class of inputs , graphs in which all edge weights are non-negative johnson 's algorithm , an algorithm for solving the same problem as the floyd -- warshall algorithm , all pairs shortest paths in graphs with some edge weights negative .
3	mocha is a java decompiler , which allows programmers to translate a program 's bytecode into source code .
13	an interface may define only a single method ; for example , the java language defines the interface readable that has the single read ( ) method .
2	by using java and jdbc drivers allow you to connect to multiple databases .
25	in addition , bloomberg offers free blpapi sdks allowing bloomberg subscribers to build their own software which accesses market data in c , c++ , java , .net , python and perl on windows , linux , mac os x , and solaris .
9	singapore after departing fremantle , the convoy steamed towards java and reached ratai bay early on 20 january .
8	c gave rise to c++ and later to java and c# , lisp to clos , ada to ada 2012 , and even cobol to cobol2002 , and new languages have emerged in that '' generation '' as well .
44	british leaders were primarily interested in retaining control of singapore ; the military capacity of the dutch east indies had suffered as a result of the defeat of the netherlands in 1940 , and the dutch administration was focused on defending the island of java ; the australian government was heavily committed to the war in north africa and europe , and had few readily accessible military resources , and ; the united states was preoccupied with the philippines , which at the time was a u.s. commonwealth territory .
22	elisabeth carolina '' lizzy '' van dorp ( september 5 , 1872 , arnhem september 6 , 1945 , banju biru , java ) was a dutch lawyer , economist , politician and feminist .
21	dewa agung gede alias surawirya ( rc 1722-1736 ) allied with the influential king of mengwi and performed an expedition to java together with him .
43	war service during world war ii , love served as a lieutenant in the australian army and as a member of c company , 2/3 machine gun battalion , was taken as a prisoner of war during the japanese occupation of indonesia in java .
8	cisadane river 138 km long river in northern java , indonesia .
8	it is found in malaya , sumatra , java and borneo .
9	ateji px is an object-oriented programming language extension for java .
8	composer dick lee found inspiration in bali , java and among his own peranakan heritage .
19	military career in 1942 he was assistant air officer commanding far east command and air officer commanding raf in java .
15	the dukun is the very epitome of the kejawen or kebatinan belief system indigenous to java .
6	f. rigida blume , native to java , borneo , new guinea , the philippines roxburghiana wall .
30	geographic range d. r. siamensis is found in myanmar , thailand , cambodia , china ( kwangsi , kwangtung ) , taiwan and indonesia ( endeh , flores , east java , komodo , lomblen islands ) .
29	the budget was told to be around 15 billion us dollars for the undersea tunnel in the sunda strait ; in long term it would link up bali , java , sumatra , malaysia and thailand in an uninterrupted chain .
17	the dutch colonial government also established a number of universities for native indonesian on the island of java , such as : school tot opleiding van inlandsche artsen or stovia , a medical school in batavia nederland-indische artsen school or nias , a medical school in surabaja rechts hoge school , a law school in batavia de technische hoges school , or ths , a technic school in bandoeng by the 1930s , the dutch had introduced limited formal education to nearly every province of the dutch east indies .
16	it is also recorded as a non-native on the azores , and on the island of java in indonesia .
50	when a message is exchanged via a protocol between two different platforms using objects on both sides , the object in a programming language can be transformed ( marshalled and unmarshalled ) in an object in a remote and different language : so , e.g. , a program written in java invokes a service via soap or iiop written in c# both programs use apis for remote invocation ( each locally to the machine where they are working ) to ( remotely ) exchange information that they both convert from/to an object in local memory .
3	programming example a java program that writes out the numbers from 1 to 10 , using a curly bracket syntax , might look like this : for ( int i = 1 ; i ( = 10 ; i + + ) -lcb- system .
5	his research group publishes a java software framework titled environment for developing kdd-applications supported by index-structures ( elki ) that is designed for the parallel research of index structures , data mining algorithms and their interaction , such as optimized data mining algorithms based on databases indexes .
22	the british east india company opened a trading post in bantam on the first voyage in 1601 and imports of pepper from java were an important part of the company 's trade for twenty years .
26	848 santa maría del naranco built in oviedo as part of a palace complex of ramiro i king of asturias c. 850 prambanan temple built in java .
20	it became irrelevant for commercial applications , barely surviving the wave of free and successful tools such as c++ and java .
5	during a visit to a java village , captain takeo shimazaki ( jundai yamada ) and his translator yamana ( naomasa musaka ) are told that their arrival was predicted by king jayabaya centuries before .
41	the names of many of these frameworks are a variation on '' sunit '' , usually substituting the '' s '' for the first letter ( or letters ) in the name of their intended language ( '' junit '' for java , '' runit '' for r etc. ) .
15	in his publication , '' hortus veitchii '' , james herbert veitch says he visited java in 1892 , '' to eat the mangosteen .
20	chinese traders boycotted portuguese malacca after it fell to the portuguese in the capture of malacca , some chinese in java assisted in muslim attempts to reconquer the city from portugal using ships .
18	the invasion of the netherlands east indies , including the invasions of tarakan island , balikpapan and eastern java .
38	varieties indonesian bakmi ayam or mie ayam , indonesian chinese chicken noodles , omnipresent in indonesia bakmi goreng , indonesian chinese fried noodles , omnipresent in indonesia bakmi bangka , from bangka island bakmi jawa , from central/east java with somewhat wet consistency bakmi aceh , from aceh , it has a curry-like flavor bakmi celor , from palembang , it has a sweet starchy gravy .
31	since then , motorola has increased focus on its linux platform and publicly stated that the future platform for all its mid - and high-tier mobile phones will be linux with java , and other phone manufacturers nec and panasonic have developed a common platform based on montavista linux .
46	geographic range afghanistan , bangladesh , burma ( myanmar ) , cambodia , china ( zhejiang , hubei , jiangxi , fujian , guangdong , hainan , guangxi , yunnan , tibet , hong kong ) , india , sri lanka , indonesia ( sumatra , java ) , iran , laos , west malaysia , nepal , myanmar , pakistan ( sindh area ) , taiwan , thailand , turkmenistan , vietnam type locality : india .
17	the secondary goal is to provide a complete embeddable lisp system linkable to c/c + + or java ( with help of jni ) .
22	the javan elephant ( elephas maximus sondaicus ) was a critically endangered subspecies of the asian elephant native to the island of java with the last surviving members found on the island of borneo after they were introduced there , saving the subspecies from extinction .
0	java 's library contains a class , which implements a min-priority-queue .
28	manifestations in languages that support checked exceptions error hiding is one of the more common anti-patterns to encounter in languages that support the paradigm of checked exceptions including java .
32	( however , in the predominantly-muslim nation of indonesia , bat meat is known to be a prized delicacy , especially within the batak and minahasa minority communities , but also in java .
16	nutch is an effort to build an open source web search engine based on lucene and java for the search and index component .
5	hamcrest has been ported to java , c++ , objective-c , python , actionscript 3 , php , javascript and erlang .
18	it was created to reduce the learning time of developing wireless sensor network applications by introducing a common java language among all supported mote .
38	jscheme is an implementation of the scheme programming language , created by kenneth r. anderson , timothy j. hickey and peter norvig , which is almost compliant with the r4rs scheme standard and which has an interface to java .
9	then he traveled around the world and worked in java , sumatra and borneo .
31	a number of programming languages support prepared statements in their standard libraries and will emulate them on the client side even if the underlying dbms does not support them , including java 's jdbc , perl 's dbi , php 's pdo and python 's db-api .
10	wxbasic is a bytecode based language , like perl or java .
9	it is found in the north-eastern himalaya and on java and bali .
9	the station was exporting some 1,500 head annually to java via derby by 1915 .
46	however , its use is not strictly limited to the gnu operating system ; it is a portable debugger that runs on many unix-like systems and works for many programming language , including ada , c , c++ , objective-c , free pascal , fortran , java and partially others .
18	after graduating at st. mary 's college , baltimore , brantz mayer sailed for the east , visiting java , sumatra , and china , and returned in 1828 .
34	comparisons according to the ieee 754 standard , negative zero and positive zero should compare as equal with the usual ( numerical ) comparison operators , like the = = operators of c and java .
28	it is native to nansei-shoto , mariana islands , solomon islands , bismarck archipelago , new guinea , maluku , sulawesi , philippines , lesser sunda islands , java , sumatra , borneo , thailand , malaysia , taiwan .
9	afterwards , he ventures south to the island of java in indonesia .
17	it is widespread in eurasia , africa , india , sri lanka , burma , sumatra , java , the philippines , taiwan , japan , new guinea , samoa and north america and south america .
40	the maluku islands differ from other areas in indonesia ; they contain some of the country 's smallest islands , coral island reefs scattered through some of the deepest seas in the world , and no large islands such as java or sumatra .
9	cookxml is a unique xml data binding engine in java .
22	in the 1960s even more cases were reported from the region from locations such as : cambodia , guam , hawaii , java , thailand , sarawak , vietnam and the new hebrides ( vanuatu ) .
15	vtk consists of a c++ class library and several interpreted interface layers including tcl/tk , java , and python .
4	mukherji managed to reach java in the dutch east indies , where he stayed until the end of 1919 , living under the name of dar shaheer .
13	upload components can be built with various technologies : flash , silverlight , java , activex , and html5 .
10	embedded controls can be of any type , such as java or activex , book 1 § 15.2.8 .
5	this application is written in java and heavily uses swing to create the rather complex user interface .
15	later that year he was given leave to join anglo-indonesian plantations ( aip ) in java .
12	it is native to southeast asia from assam and southern china to java .
66	it is native to the old world tropics , where it can be found in africa ( chad , côte d'ivoire , the democratic republic of the congo , ghana , madagascar , mali , mozambique , nigeria , tanzania , uganda , zambia ) , asia ( china , india , the philippines , thailand ) , australia , and on the eastern end of java .
11	kopi luwak is produced mainly on the islands of sumatra , java , bali and sulawesi in the indonesia archipelago .
13	the problem of building and integrating adequate front ends for conventional languages ( java , c++ , php , ... ) may be of equal difficulty as building the program transformation system itself because of the complexity of such languages .
9	on 17 may this powerful force hit soerabaja , java , where harbor facilities and refineries presented the chief targets .
11	also in 1616 , two ships were sent from saint-malo to java .
5	freehep is an open source java library designed to make programming high energy physics applications easier .
4	implementations or implementation in java .
53	as the portuguese battles in the indian ocean against muslim powers raged on , ternate became a site of interest especially for the ottomans , who had gained much information about maritime southeast asia from the sultanate of aceh , and in fact kurtoğlu hızır reis the ottoman admiral intended to reach both java , borneo and ternate but was engaged in pitched battle and was outnumbered against the portuguese fleet in sumatra .
8	encog is a machine learning framework available for java , .net , and c++ .
12	seawolf then loaded torpedoes and passengers , and headed for surabaya , java .
34	on 5 january , the deputy commander of abda naval forces , rear admiral arthur palliser made layton the senior naval officer at tanjong priok , the port for batavia ( jakarta ) , java .
10	client api clients can communicate with the server using a java or c api .
21	many ap courses were offered , in subjects such as english literature , american history , american government , chemistry , java programming , psychology , and studio art .
18	international organisations large institutions are increasingly developing gis-based geomorphometric applications , one example being the creation of a java - based software package for geomorphometrics in association with the university of leeds .
34	the definition of the look and feel to associate with the application is often done at initialization , but some widget toolkits , such as the swing widget toolkit that is part of the java api , allow users to change the look and feel at runtime ( see pluggable look and feel ) .
34	; api in addition to the online control panel , the service can be accessed over a rest api with open source client code available in c# / .net , python , php , java , and ruby .
28	śailēndra ( lord of the mountain ) or śailēndravaṃśa ( '' śailēndra dynasty '' ) was the name of an influential indonesia dynasty that emerged in 8th century java .
14	it is found in north-eastern india , peninsular malaysia , sumatra , borneo , java and bali .
27	however , playfair 's successor hymn ( a backronym for '' h ear y our m usic a n ywhere '' ) has become jhymn , a java variant of the program , and iopener , a windows variant .
14	outside the indian subcontinent , in indonesia , a version was developed in ancient java as kakawin bhāratayuddha in the 11th century under the patronage of king dharmawangsa ( 990-1016 ) , and later it spread to neighboring island of bali where today remains a hindu majority island , despite today indonesia is the most populous muslim majority nation .
14	masked members of a christian militia surrounded the village , populated mainly by resettled java cacao farmers who had previously lived in south sulawesi , and captured the village women and children and some men .
9	the game 's scripting engine is written entirely in java .
8	the u.s. library of congress estimates that in java , between 4 and 10 million romusha ( japanese : '' manual laborer '' ) , were forced to work by the japanese military .
4	it is known from java in indonesia .
12	, china , japan , thailand , new guinea , borneo , java and sulawesi .
23	the closest big cities are : singaraja , located in the north of bali and banyuwangi , located on the eastern coast of java .
10	geographic range it is found in brunei , indonesia , java , kalimantan , malaysia , myanmar , the philippines , sabah , sarawak , singapore , and sumatra .
20	'' bengawan solo '' is a famous indonesia song about the solo river , which flows through central and eastern java , indonesia and is that island 's longest .
4	it is found in java and taiwan .
13	a programmer 's primary computer language ( c , c++ , c# , java , lisp , python , etc. ) is often prefixed to the above titles , and those who work in a web environment often prefix their titles with web .
12	the current version of the history commons web application is written in java and runs on apache tomcat .
33	it was extracted from the name of benzoic acid , which was named after benzoin resin , whose name probably came via italian from arabic lubān jāwī لُبَان جَاوِىّ = '' frankincense from java '' , because benzoin resin was brought from indonesia .
6	it is found in sumatra , java and borneo .
19	paleontological conclusions forensic facial reconstruction of homo erectus pekinensis the first specimens of homo erectus had been found in java in 1891 by eugene dubois , but were dismissed by many as the remains of a deformed ape .
44	bengali - kaalnagini konkani - naneto geographic range india ( north bengal ) , sri lanka , myanmar , thailand , western malaysia , laos , cambodia , vietnam , china ( hong kong , hainan , yunnan ) , indonesia ( sumatra , java , borneo , sulawesi ) , and the philippines .
14	sunan giri : born in blambangan ( now banyuwangi , the easternmost part of java ) in 1442 ce .
25	a model transformation , which is essentially a program which operates on models , can be written in a general-purpose programming language , such as java .
9	famous cannons were made in makassar , mataram , java , minangkabau , melaka and brunei .
26	dirsync pro is an open source synchronization and backup utility for windows , linux , mac os x , and all other operating system that run java .
17	in 2003 , motorola introduced the world 's first handset to combine a linux operating system and java technology with '' full pda functionality '' .
16	over 100 of his publications involved studies of fungi from diverse locales such as brazil , java , guadeloupe , mexico , new caledonia , the gambier islands , philippines , et al . selected writings tabulae analyticae fungorum ( analytic tables of fungi ) , 1883-1889 .
17	indeed , in february 1871 meessen gifted an album of his better-executed photographs from his time in java and sumatra to king william iii .
10	most species occur in asia from india to japan and java , with four found in africa , and two in europe .
28	his father , a ship 's captain , intended his son for trade , but this humdrum prospect disgusted him , and in 1838 he went out to java and obtained a post as a civil servant .
36	the perl cookbook inspired the pleac ( programming language examples alike cookbook ) website , which translated the code snippets in the perl cookbook into other languages : python , ruby , guile , tcl , java , and beyond .
7	he died in 1902 in suraboya , java .
12	tads 3 uses a language with a syntax that resembles c++ and java .
12	the hindu majapahit empire ( 1293 -- 1520 ad ) on eastern java founded a balinese colony in 1343 .
6	it is found on bali , java , sumatra and borneo , as well as in southern burma .
13	three quarters of the current population of lampung is descended from migrants from java , madura , and bali .
24	beginning on 17 december , the surviving b-17s based there began to be evacuated to australia , then were sent to singosari airfield , java on 30 december 1941 .
0	java demonstrated the importance of a large , portable support library .
28	though many gobject applications are written entirely in c , the gobject system maps well into the native object systems of many other languages , like c++ , java , ruby , python , common lisp , and .net / mono .
27	see also swig is another free computer software tool used to connect programs written in c / c++ with various scripting language , and to c# and java .
73	writeline ( sender + '' was changed '' ) ; -rcb- -rcb- class test -lcb- static void main ( ) -lcb- model m = new model ( ) ; new view1 ( m ) ; new view2 ( m ) ; m. change ( ) ; -rcb- -rcb- event handler in computer programming , an event handler is a callback subroutine that handles inputs received in a program ( called a listener in java and javascript ) .
9	gamelan siteran is a casual style of gamelan in java , indonesia , featuring portable , inexpensive instruments instead of the heavy bronze metallophone of a typical gamelan .
27	it was settled in may 2012 lawsuit against google on august 12 , 2010 , oracle announced a lawsuit against google concerning patent and copyright infringement of java in google 's development of android .
12	requirements pythagoras runs on a pc or any other platform that supports java 1.5 and jaxb 2.0 .
7	it is found in indonesia ( off java ) and singapore .
12	p. xanthochymum is found in found in sumatra , peninsular malaysia , java and borneo .
8	they are found mostly in mountainous regions of java , southern sumatra , southern sulawesi and lombok .
18	sir stephen john bull , 2nd baronet ( born 11 october 1904 , killed on active service in java , east indies , 9 march 1942 ) was an english lawyer and baronet .
7	it is endemic to the island of java .
8	it is found in japan , taiwan , java , india , china and the caucasus .
15	july - september a magnitude 6.8 earthquake struck the indian ocean to the south of java , indonesia on july 7 at a depth of 0.0 km .
24	some programming languages ( such as matlab ) allow block comments to be recursively nested inside one another , but others ( such as java ) do not .
22	occidozyga is a genus of frog in the dicroglossidae family found in southeastern asia between eastern india , southern china , and java .
19	the first connection to australia was an undersea telegraph cable that was completed on 18 november 1871 , connecting java to darwin , and eventually to the australian overland telegraph line across australia .
18	the eldest child within the family was an adopted daughter , eliza smith ( born in 1859 in java ) .
12	popular syntax sources include pascal , basic , c , c++ , java , lisp , and algol .
23	gaplek , a dried form of cassava , is an important source of calories in the off-season in the limestone hills of southern java .
9	with languages that feature dynamic dispatch , such as java and c++ , computing a static call graph precisely requires alias analysis results .
20	many languages fall between being interpreted or compiled ( e.g. lisp , forth , ucsd pascal , perl , and java ) .
36	( todo ) measurements and calculation measurement and calculation features related to igs : ( todo ) graphics export formats object attributes 2d programs c.a.r. c.a.r. is a free gpl analog of gsp , written in java .
9	outside bali , even on the neighbouring islands of java and lombok , there were only a handful of western visitors , even at the most famous destinations such as the temples of prambanan , borobudur , and the volcanic range of mount bromo .
3	teijsmann traveled to java in 1830 as gardener of governor general johannes van den bosch .
20	at the end of the burma campaign , the british empire had ordered 92,000 troops to the indonesian island of java , with a deadly assault on september 15 , 1945 .
14	on the evening of 1 march 1942 , perch surfaced northwest of surabaya , java , and started in for an attack on an enemy convoy landing troops to the west of surabaya .
11	mount kiaraberes-gagak or mount perbakti-gagak is the western most volcano on java island .
13	other more sophisticated wordnet-based similarity techniques include adw , whose is available in java .
6	then zwaardecroon introduced silk production into java as well as the production of vegetable dyes .
37	'' the bengal army was used in military campaigns in other parts of india and abroad : to provide crucial support to a weak madras army in the third anglo-mysore war in 1791 , and also in java and ceylon .
15	are available as binaries under a research-use only license by urbana-champaign for c and for java .
17	some researchers have advocated a strict separation between local concurrency using concurrent programming languages ( e.g. , java and c# ) from nonlocal concurrency using soap for web services .
6	imagej is a public domain , java - based image processing program developed at the national institutes of health .
12	cable beach was named after the telegraph cable laid between broome and java in 1889 .
27	distribution conus stramineus appears to be restricted to indonesia , it has been reported from the moluccas and is relatively common off the south west coast of java .
1	unlike java , unrealscript is case-insensitive , and does not have object wrappers for primitive types .
8	computer science ii introduces students to programming in java .
13	grammars written in gf can be compiled into different formats including javascript and java and can be reused as software components .
10	the moea framework is an open-source evolutionary computation library for java that specializes in multi-objective optimization .
42	three days later , the minesweeper commenced local patrols and sweeps out of surabaya and continued that duty into february 1942 , often operating in company with dutch units , before she received orders to move to tjilatjap , a port on java 's south coast .
37	in early 1942 , kuroshio participated in the invasion of the netherlands east indies , escorting the invasion forces for menado , kendari and ambon in january , and the invasion forces for makassar , timor and java in february .
3	much of the java syntax is also based on this same c + + language , which is one of the reasons the two share a common look and feel .
4	passing through sumatra , java , bali , and malaysia , he eventually entered china through nanyue .
14	copy/paste detector ( cpd ) -- pmds duplicate code detection for ( e.g. ) java , jsp , c , c++ , coldfusion , php and javascript code .
13	d. areolata is found in peninsular thailand , sumatra , peninsular malaysia , java and borneo .
7	this company supports the operating system : java , c , c++ , oracle , asp , linux , unix , windows nt .
7	the distance to the cruising grounds around java and celebes were so great that one of her ballast tank was converted to carry diesel fuel in order to manage the 4,800 mile round trip .
9	no. 2 squadron also planned attacks on targets in java and practiced strikes against indonesia .
4	missionary projects are in java the gereja jemaat protestan di indonesia with 10,000 members and 68 congregations .
20	halopegia is a genus of plants native to tropical africa , madagascar , and tropical southeast asia ( indochina , java ) .
19	distribution and habitat not found above 1000 m , they are endemic to thailand , sumatra , borneo , java and the malay peninsula .
10	in computing , geoserver - an open-source server written in java - allows users to share , process and edit geospatial data .
22	the species is widely cultivated and is reportedly naturalized in république de guinée , the maldive islands , mauritius , réunion , java , the cook islands , chiapas , central america , and much of the west indies .
11	natch is a command line utility , but there is a java based graphical interface .
10	xi also ships a sdk that allows developers to create java - based custom resources to implement non-standard data integration .
36	the northwest side of the indo-australian plate forms a subducting boundary with the eurasian plate on the borders of the indian ocean from bangladesh , to myanmar to the south-west of indonesia islands of sumatra and java .
9	enumerators an enumerator ( not to be confused with java 's enumeration interface ) is a convenient abstraction for feeding data into an iteratee from an arbitrary data source .
33	along with maps , the book also includes descriptions of the land , people and culture of the southern asia coast as far as brahamputra , the andaman islands , peninsular malaysia and java .
13	they live only on western islands of the malay archipelago : sumatra , java , borneo and ( in the case of the palawan stink badger ) on the philippine island of palawan ; as well as many other , smaller islands in the region .
9	xep is a commercial xsl-fo layout engine written in java mainly used to convert xml to pdf .
36	they are widely distributed in sri lanka , southwest and northeast india , bangladesh , andaman and nicobar islands , southern china , southern burma , indochina , thailand , the malay peninsula , sumatra , java , bali , sulawesi , the philippines and also on the lesser sunda islands .
16	the company was bought by sun microsystems in 1997 , and the team got focused on java , releasing the hotspot virtual machine , and work on strongtalk stalled .
10	software the wiring ide is a cross-platform application written in java which is derived from the ide made for the processing programming language .
29	range the butterfly occurs in india from assam , the khasi hills , eastwards and across to north and south myanmar , thailand , peninsular malaysia , singapore , java , borneo , sumatra , sulawesi and nias .
8	statically typed languages with null include : c# java oxygene statically typed cli languages dynamically-typed languages with null include : perl scalar variables default to undef and can be set to undef .
20	during the ensuing battle the abda fleet suffered heavy losses , and was mostly destroyed after several naval battles around java ; the abda command was later dissolved .
19	applications may be written in the c language , c++ , python , perl , lua , javascript , java and microsoft .
15	callicarpa erioclona is a species of beautyberry native to vietnam , borneo , sulawesi , java , philippines , new guinea , and the bismarck archipelago .
20	software libraries , such as libexif for c and adobe xmp toolkit or exiv2 for c++ , metadata extractor for java , or exiftool for perl , parse exif data from files and read/write exif tag values .
30	as a parliamentarian he repeatedly posed uncomfortable questions to the sukarno government , on such issues as the unequal division of national resources and income between the central island of java and the outlying islands .
12	nomis is the founder and ceo of ippon technologies , a global java consulting company .
10	southeast asia using water buffalo to plough rice fields in java ; indonesia is the world 's third-largest paddy rice producer , and its cultivation has transformed much of the country 's landscape .
16	she joined ucla 's javanese and balinese gamelan ensembles and made 5 trips to bali and java to study new music for gamelan under the auspices of a university of california pacific rim research grant with colleagues linda burman-hall , sue carole devale , and david cope .
9	pyjamas is a port of google web toolkit from java to python .
9	in 1893 and 1894 , he visited cambodia and java including all the khmer and javanese ruins .
11	cheloniidae turtle graphics is a simple turtle graphics programming library for java .
16	in february 1942 , mikuma was tasked with covering landings of japanese troops in sumatra and java .
11	on 13 october the islamic organization ansor held anti-pki rallies across java .
7	any liquidity provider who supports fix or java api can be integrated into the platform .
22	the idea of high-speed rail backed by funding ( soft loans ) has been proposed by jica for the indonesian island of java , linking up the densely populated corridor from the capital jakarta to surabaya ( 730 km ) .
13	men saved and goods salvaged , and she made a second voyage to java in 1621 and was reported as laid up , there , in 1623 .
12	sukamulya is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
12	the '' hyang '' derivation in other placenames on the island of java , as in the dieng plateau in the center , or the hyang plateau in the east .
10	dimantis haani is a species of praying mantis found in java .
16	many apl advocates and practitioners view programming in standard programming languages , such as cobol and java , as comparatively tedious .
12	eleven free dutch submarines operated out of fremantle after the invasion of java , the joint no . 18 ( netherlands east indies ) squadron raaf , established in 1942 and no . 120 formed at canberra , was a combined dutch and australian squadron with dual command , it used b-25 mitchell bombers , paid for by the dutch government before the war .
16	borneo was strategically important to japan as it is located on the main sea routes between java , sumatra , malaya and celebes .
4	it is found on java , borneo , peninsular malaysia and sumatra .
10	he died in batavia ( now renamed jakarta ) on java in 1677 .
12	it contains the single species darantasiella javanica , which is found on java .
15	there is no particular connection between these cats and the indonesian islands of bali and java , from which they derive their names .
9	all species except one , which is endemic to java , occur only on sri lanka .
24	deroplatys lobata , common name malaysian dead leaf mantis or dead leaf mantis , is a species of praying mantis that inhabits thailand , java , borneo , indonesia , sumatra and the malay peninsula .
11	it is a common migrant through coastal malaysia , sumatra and java with '' vast numbers '' crossing the strait of malacca .
16	origin the origin of the dish can be traced to the javanese people 's tradition of java .
19	béla széchenyi became known for his wide travels and explorations in the east indies , japan , china , java , borneo , western mongolia , and the frontiers of tibet .
12	mml compositions can , for instance , be rendered via a simple java plug-in .
53	subspecies there are recognized two subspecies : filopaludina javanica javanica ( von dem busch , 1844 ) filopaludina javanica continentalis or idiopoma javanica continentalis brandt , 1974 distribution map of filopaludina javanica distribution this species is found in thailand , cambodia , vietnam , laos , peninsular malaysia and indonesia ( sumatra and java ) .
21	development faded out in the mid-1990s , but several ideas and some code from the project was later re-used in the java programming language libraries and the solaris operating system .
11	oracle application development framework ( oracle adf ) aids in producing java - oriented systems .
38	it is found in bangladesh , southern china , northeastern india , sri lanka , nepal , pakistan , cambodia , vietnam , the malay peninsula , the riau archipelago , sumatra , bangka island , belitung , java , bali , and borneo .
0	java stripes framework has had integrated functionality since version 1.5 .
4	it is found on java , sumatra and in china ( shanghai , chekiang ) , taiwan and india ( sikkim , assam ) .
10	technology projektron bcs is a 3-tier software , based on java .
8	the ccvs api supported use under php , java , perl , tcl , and c to allow merchants to communicate directly with the credit card clearing house instead of using internet-based intermediaries .
25	forum software packages are widely available on the internet and are written in a variety of programming language , such as php , perl , java and asp .
18	gesang martohartono ( 1 october 1917 -- 20 may 2010 ) was a renowned indonesia singer-songwriter from central java .
15	it is found in india ( assam ) , sri lanka , burma , on java and in singapore .
12	on 18 february , the remaining allied aircraft and aircrews moved to java .
1	for java programmers , this is roughly equivalent to '' ( ) '' .
6	it is found on seram and java and in southern india ( palnis and khasis ) .
3	later in the java tradition the apsara was also called hapsari , also known as widodari ( from sanskrit word vidhyadhari , vidhya : knowledge , dharya : having , bearer , or bringer ) , and finally known as bidadari in the modern indonesian language ( the same form of the word is now present in the malay language , as well ) .
10	roberts ( p. 171 ) gives a related example in java , using a class to represent a stack frame .
2	jar bundler java tool that aids in packaging an application 's component files into a single double-clickable application .
61	burmese pythons are found throughout southern - and southeast asia , including eastern india , nepal , western bhutan , southeastern bangladesh , myanmar , thailand , laos , cambodia , vietnam , northern continental malaysia , far southern china ( fujian , jiangxi , guangdong , hainan , guangxi and yunnan ) , hong kong , and in indonesia on java , southern sulawesi , bali and sumbawa .
17	it has since been ported to mac os x , to the iphone , to a portable java applet , and to flash for facebook .
13	kresek is a district within tangerang regency in the province of banten , java , indonesia .
14	infrastructure the great post road ( grote postweg ) , spanning west to east java .
15	he was part of 2-vlg-v , which was stationed in singapore before its withdrawal to java .
19	taxonomic history prionodon was denominated and first described by thomas horsfield in 1822 , based on a linsang from java .
21	sometimes error hiding is a valid activity , for example accessing the contents of a file that does not exist in java version 1.3 or older would result in an ioexception message without any reference to the missing file .
5	architecture iccube is implemented in java and follows j2ee standards .
25	in other cases , a system may employ dynamic recompilation as part of an adaptive optimization strategy to execute a portable program representation such as java or .
27	it goes by the name '' melati putih '' and is the most important flower in wedding ceremonies for ethnic indonesia , especially in the island of java .
13	it contains only one species , tasenia nigromaculalis , which is found on java .
27	the species is found in kalimantan , bangladesh , india ( the andaman and nicobar islands , arunachal pradesh , assam and tripura ) , indonesia ( java , kalimantan , sumatra ) , peninsular malaysia , myanmar , thailand and the philippines .
24	as it does not depend on server components , it can be combined with any web service interface and server-side language like asp.net , java , perl , php , python , or ruby .
19	programming programming languages available for the as/400 include rpg , assembly language , c , c++ , pascal , java , egl , perl , smalltalk , cobol , sql , basic , php , pl/i , python and rexx .
11	the operation began as the dutch attacked major indonesian centers in java and sumatra .
5	interpreted languages like basic and java are not used .
7	in the indonesian rain forest area of java , the plant species reported is dysoxylum caulostachyum .
38	history the cocos ( keeling ) islands are believed to have first been seen by europeans in 1609 by captain william keeling , after whom they are named , of the east india company on a journey from java in the dutch east indies .
10	at one point during the voyage , the ships visited java , where dover would sell the marquis , a captured ship , to captain opie .
3	harmony is a java - based software for creating high-definition music videos with 2d and 3d animations .
11	china , thailand , peninsular malaysia , borneo , sumatra , java ( indonesia ) and the philippines .
17	ten bruggencate stayed as an assistant at the göttingen university until 1926 , when he traveled to java .
34	in early 1942 , minazuki was assigned to escorting troop convoys from french indochina for '' operation e '' ( the invasion of malaya ) and '' operation j '' ( the invasion of java , netherlands east indies ) , in february .
30	in may , no. 14 squadron conducted patrols of the waters around exmouth gulf while the british eastern fleet refueled there ahead of the operation transom raid against surabaya in java ; united states navy consolidated pby catalina and supermarine spitfire from no . 1 wing raaf also protected the fleet at this time .
2	as with java only one of two expressions is ever evaluated .
5	the sultanate of mataram in java from 1749 to its dutch conquest in 1816 .
20	agrostophyllum elongatum , the elongated agrostophyllum , is a member of orchidaceae , found in the philippines , borneo , java , malaysia , maluku , sumatra , new guinea , the solomons , vanuatu and micronesia .
17	it is known from the nepal , north-eastern india , south-western china , thailand , vietnam and java .
2	originally from java , tumpeng is a cone shaped mound of rice surrounded by an assortment of other dishes , officially chosen as indonesian national dish in 2014 .
20	evidence for the earliest cultivation , however , comes from the eighth century stone inscriptions from the central island of java , which shows that kings levied taxes in rice .
18	antiaris toxicaria for example , a tree of the mulberry and breadfruit family , is commonly used on java and its neighbouring islands .
5	language bindings exist for both java and scala .
1	in java cultural history , empires yielded some distinct grades of language , each grade representing the social grade of the speakers ( mainly nobles and populaces ) .
18	it is found in the indian subregion , china , japan , korea , thailand , borneo , java , sulawesi and on the southern moluccas .
15	biography van lith arrived in semarang in 1896 to study the culture and customs of java .
5	when the other ships left java , janszoon was sent to search for other outlets of trade , particularly in '' the great land of new guinea and other east and southlands '' .
14	it is widespread in southeast asia , in borneo , china , india , java , malaysia , singapore , and sumatra .
12	it contains the single species blabioides snelleni , which is found on java .
7	she conducted field research in east central java , indonesia from 1952 to 1954 , joining in the modjokuto project with harvard university ph.d. candidates clifford geertz , hildred geertz , robert jay , donald fagg , and edward ryan .
16	it is found in indian region , western china , taiwan , japan , borneo and java .
18	therese von lützow ( born 4 july 1804 in stuttgart ; died 16 september 1852 in tjilatjap , java ) was a german author .
12	participating clubs will be divided 12 groups based on their regions in java , kalimantan , sulawesi , sumatera and papua .
24	largely because of its expressive power , many other utilities and programming languages have adopted syntax similar to perl 's -- for example , java , javascript , python , ruby , microsoft 's .net framework , and the w3c's xml schema all use regular expression syntax similar to perl 's .
18	single precision is known as real in fortran , as float in c , c++ , c# , java , as float in haskell , and as single in delphi ( pascal ) , visual basic , and matlab .
11	the most elaborate stupa is the 8th century borobudur monument in java , indonesia .
26	igeom igeom is freeware interactive geometry software hosted on the internet for learning and teaching geometry ( analog of gsp and cabri ) , written in java .
4	the formengine is a java framework for dynamic form creation and complex form processing for web applications .
8	browser plugins annodex plugin via cortado , a java based applet itheora , a php wrapper for cortado html 5 video tag wrapper for numerous plugin types .
38	a type-inferring compiler greatly reduces the need for manual type annotations ( for example , the data type of variables and the signature of functions usually do not need to be explicitly declared , as they do in java ) .
20	modules have been made by members of the community to allow the use of the engine in languages such as java , c# , vb.net , and python , but c / c++ , blitzmax and lua are its originally targeted and officially supported languages .
9	sciplore mindmapping is a mind mapping application written in java .
17	during this time he also catalogued a significant amount of flora and fauna of the islands of java and sumatra .
13	for function that manipulate strings , modern object-oriented languages , like c# and java have immutable strings and return a copy ( in newly allocated dynamic memory ) , while others , like c manipulate the original string unless the programmer copies data to a new string .
20	the product is owned by sypecom inc. and runs on os x , linux , windows , or any other java - compatible operating system .
35	) alain - synonym of spermacoce brachysepala spermacoce tenuior l. - slender false buttonweed - texas , louisiana , georgia , west indies ; latin america from mexico to bolivia ; naturalized in tanzania , java , sulawesi and galápagos spermacoce terminalis ( small ) kartesz & gandhi - synonym of spermacoce neoterminalis spermacoce tetraquetra a. rich .
2	provide a java implementation licensed under the gnu general public license with the '' library exception '' , which permits its use as a library in conjunction with non-free software .
54	it is considered naturalized in florida , cape verde , gambia , guinea-bissau , equatorial guinea , guinée , central african republic , principe , zaire ( congo-kinshasa ) , angola , zambia , the chagos islands , mauritius , seychelles , ogasawara ( 小笠原群島 bonin islands ) , india , sri lanka , java , the philippines , bismark archipelago , fiji , kiribati , nauru , niue , samoa , tonga , marquesas , society islands , micronesia , hawaii , ecuador , french guyana and suriname .
8	these games are usually designed with flash / java / dhtml and run directly in web-browsers .
7	ecological significance a terrestrial nemertean from west java .
8	itsnat natural ajax , is an open source java component-based ajax framework .
3	jxplorer - a java - based browser that runs in any operating environment .
11	in the early 20th century , many young minangkabaus migrated to java and europe as students .
25	in the second place , in the historiography of southeast asia the southern thailand has generally played a secondary role to that of places like java , the malacca strait region ( srivijaya in the seventh ~ eighth century , melaka in the fifteenth century ) , cambodia , champa , vietnam , and burma .
8	the program uses prefuse , an open source java library for creating visual representations of data .
6	jbouncer for irc , written in java .
6	google provides gdata client libraries for java , javascript , .net , php , python , and objective-c .
7	e combines message - based computation with java - like syntax .
34	this release featured further performance optimizations for the 64-bit cpu architecture , as well as multithreading technologies , integration with microsoft sharepoint , microsoft office 2010 and other applications , the ability to generate java and c# code , and other gui and kernel improvements .
22	troides cuneifera is a large butterfly belonging to the swallowtail ( papilionidae ) family found in the thai-malay peninsula , sumatra , java and borneo .
26	although both members are endangered , the javan rhinoceros is one of the most endangered large mammals in the world with only 60 individuals surviving in java ( indonesia ) .
13	as chief factor of the british east india company 's trading post in java , saris ' mission was primarily one of seeking trade .
11	by 850 , the kingdom had become the dominant power in java and later of its history , was a serious rival to the hegemonic srivijaya empire .
15	mondrian is an open source olap ( online analytical processing ) server , written in java .
19	james coffin on 31 may 1823 , the british ship transit arrived in batavia , on the island of java , having lost its master , capt alexander , to a whale near christmas island .
1	in java and most of indonesia , ketupat is linked to islamic tradition of lebaran ( eid ul-fitr ) , nevertheless ketupat is also known in non-muslim communities , such as hindu bali and christian philippines .
8	plugins may be developed using the cytoscape open java software architecture by anyone and plugin community development is encouraged .
24	harrison is particularly noted for incorporating elements of the music of non-western cultures into his work , with a number of pieces written for java style gamelan instruments , including ensembles constructed and tuned by harrison and his partner william colvig .
44	around the beginning of the first millennium , malayic speakers had established settlements in the coastal regions of modern day south central vietnam , tambelan , riau islands , sumatra , malay peninsula , borneo , luzon , maluku islands , bangka-belitung islands and java .
12	several implementation variants of the engine exist , including quickfix/j , a java open source ( also bsd licensed ) implementation of the engine .
12	phyllocnistis humiliella is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from java , indonesia .
5	details the trojan targets a java vulnerability on mac os x. the system is infected after the user is redirected to a compromised bogus site , where javascript code causes an applet containing an exploit to load .
14	arcgis engine provides application programming interface ( apis ) for com , .net , java , and c++ for the windows , linux , and solaris platforms .
8	activiti is an open-source workflow engine written in java that can execute business processes described in bpmn 2.0 .
6	this cross-platform tool is written in java and is available in all of the popular operating systems including microsoft windows , linux and mac os x .
15	madurese language , spoken in madura , bawean and surrounding islands off the coast of java .
31	- prostrate false buttonweed - florida , mississippi , alabama , west indies including puerto rico ; most of latin america ; naturalized in china , vietnam , sri lanka and java spermacoce remota - lam .
15	the implementation was a part of the effort in the early 2000s to break the java ecosystem free from sun microsystems 's control .
5	the product is written in java , and based on the tomcat server with a postgresql backend ( other databases are also supported ) .
26	distribution and habitat this species occurs naturally throughout most of southern mainland asia , from iraq to china , as well as on the island of java , at altitudes up to 2200 m. it has also been introduced to dozens of islands in the pacific and caribbean ( including saint lucia , jamaica and puerto rico ) , as well as a few in the indian ocean and mediterranean , as well as to mainland venezuela .
8	motivation in most object-oriented languages , such as java or c# , references may be null .
24	for example , students at the middle and high school levels compete in categories varying from web design to c++ , visual basic and java programmimng , as well as music composition and computer aided design and desktop publishing and desktop presentations ( powerpoint ) .
23	history jepara city views around the year 1650 people believed to have come from south yunnan region migrated into the northern tip of java during a time when jepara was still separated by the juwana strait .
22	some programmers consider the '' p-code '' generated by some pascal compilers , as well as the bytecode used by .net , java , basic and some c compilers to be token-threading .
11	many widely used programming languages such as c , c++ and java have ceased to be strictly von neumann by adding support for parallel processing , in the form of threads .
14	distribution native to china , india , japan , malaysia , and indonesia on java , moluccas , and timor .
24	but as the pc became the dominant environment for program development fortran , cobol and pl/i all became minority languages overtaken by c++ , java and the like .
16	it is found in indonesia and malaysia , where it occurs on borneo , sumatra and java .
26	the mapguide platform can be deployed on linux or microsoft windows , supports apache and iis web servers , and offers extensive php , .net , java , and javascript apis for application development .
23	leafletjs open-source javascript library for mobile-friendly interactive maps software development frameworks and libraries ( non-web ) geotools open source gis toolkit written in java , using open geospatial consortium specifications .
8	crate data is open source , written in java and based on a shared nothing architecture .
40	johannes jacobus smith ( antwerp 1867 - oegstgeest 1947 ) ( sometimes written as joannes jacobus smith ) was a dutch botanist who , between years 1905 to 1924 , crossed the islands of the dutch east indies ( mainly java ) , collecting specimens of plants and describing and cataloguing the flora of these islands .
13	background in late february 1942 , japanese amphibious forces were preparing to invade java , in the dutch east indies .
10	they were found on the indonesia islands of lombok , java and bali where they were ` walked ' to market and sold as egg-layers or for meat .
6	the client-software is written in the java programming language .
20	for those who might be leaning towards a career in bioinformatics and who want to learn only one language , java has the widest general programming support , very good support in the bio domain with biojava , and is now the de facto language of business ( the new cobol , for better or worse ) .
4	in the design of java web application , there are two commonly used design models , referred to as model 1 and model 2 .
20	usage in programming languages this usage follows from design choices embedded in many influential programming language , including c , java , and lisp .
34	they included 30 american army and navy officers and men who had been taken on bataan and corregidor , and 10 officers and men from the dutch army and merchant marine , captured in java .
40	the indonesian air force c-130 hercules airplane was carrying 112 people ( 98 passengers and 14 crew ) and crashed at about 6 : 30 local time ( 23 : 30 utc ) , while flying from jakarta to eastern java .
1	in java , traditional kues are categorized under jajan pasar ( lit : '' market buys '' or '' market munchies '' ) .
25	after leaving madagascar , it took another four months ( february to june 1596 ) for the ships to reach sumatra and finally bantam on java .
6	some programming languages , such as java , have two operators , one that employs minimal evaluation and one that does not , to avoid this problem .
23	her husband was the oil heir and subsequent philanthropist john paul getty , jr . early life talitha dina pol was born in java , then part of the dutch east indies ( now indonesia ) .
10	the two places specially thought of were the island of java , and malacca on the malay peninsula .
12	the c programming language ( and many related languages like c++ , java or scala ) uses apostrophes to delimit a character constant .
6	it is found on bali , java , sumatra , pulo laut , borneo and peninsular malaysia .
12	it is found in southern burma and on borneo , sumatra , java , peninsular malaysia and the philippines ( mindanao , mindoro , palawan , tawi tawi island ) .
4	it was written in java .
3	its distribution includes java , sumatra , borneo , the philippines , peninsular malaysia , thailand , india , indochina , china , and japan .
17	this is the approach followed by many interpreted language such as awk , and some languages like java , which are meant to be compiled into some machine-independent pseudocode ( bytecode ) .
3	xena is a java application developed by the national archives of australia .
17	in january 1942 , the squadron undertook a flight across australia and the arafura sea , to java and took part in the dutch east indies campaign , where it claimed 49 japanese aircraft destroyed , for the loss of 17 p-40s .
3	javapos is for java what opos is for windows , and thus largely platform independent .
1	, java , sulawesi ) , ; china ( hong kong ) , singapore , india , ; indochina west to myanmar ( = burma ) , vietnam , thailand , laos , cambodia , ; australia ( cook islands ) type locality : hong kong .
7	assembly , c , c++ , early java , and fortran do not generally fit into this category .
17	as a result , jayavarman , as a young man , had lived in the court of java and had visited sumatra .
1	in java is a special actual parameter for the instantiation of generic ( parameterized ) types .
5	they took the cannon to java , where it stayed until 1795 , when it was given to acheh and brought to kuala selangor .
9	bonita bpm engine : the bpm engine is a java api that allows you to interact programmatically with your processes .
23	the only known specimens of this anomalous hominid were retrieved from sites along the bengawan solo river , on the indonesia island of java .
5	other influences include borodin and java gamelan music .
9	baluran is a stratovolcano located on the island of java .
6	located on the northwest coast of java , jakarta is the country 's economic , cultural and political center , and with a population of 9,761,407 as of december 2012 , it is the most populous city in indonesia and in southeast asia .
17	a wayang puppet representing semar kebatinan , also called kejawen , agama jawa and kepercayaan is a java religious tradition , consisting of an amalgam of animistic , buddhist , and islamic , especially sufi , beliefs and practices .
14	the most popular variation is gandrung from banyuwangi region in the eastern peninsula of java , so much that the city is often referred as kota gandrung or the city of gandrung .
17	it is naturalized in many scattered locales : mauritius , madagascar , the maldives , cambodia , java , christmas island , chiapas , central america , southern florida , the bahamas , cuba , hispaniola , jamaica , puerto rico , and the lesser antilles .
6	notscripts blocks execution of javascript , java , flash , silverlight , and other plugins and scripted content .
19	from volcan ello , sardinia and roccamonfina similar rocks are obtained ; they occur also in bohemia , in java , celebes , kilimanjaro ( africa ) and near trebizond in asia minor .
6	examples in ada , d , java , perl and ruby , integer literals and float literals can be separated with an underscore ( ) .
3	these enhancements span java ( jdbc ) , c ( embedded sql and call-level interface ) , cobol ( embedded sql ) , php , and microsoft 's .net framework ( through the db2 .
4	after the occupation of java , natori participated in the battle of christmas island .
11	programming language basic and c - family languages , ( including java and c++ ) use the operator to mean '' greater than '' .
26	'' history establishment the early inhabitants of the present-day manila engaged in trade relations with its asian neighbors as well as with the hindu empires of java and sumatra , as confirmed by archaeological findings .
10	it is found in india ( assam ) and on java .
6	2d versions of the game for java , brew and blackberry devices have also been released .
22	this encoding also has the advantage of being implementable in a statically typed language that does n't have variants , such as java , using interfaces instead of lambdas .
4	jquantlib is written in java .
8	for example : : provides extensions to the java swing gui toolkit .
10	it is native to thailand , malaysia , sumatra , java and the andaman islands .
52	equivalent classifications other equivalent classifications are : uic classification : 1f1 ( also known as german classification and italian classification ) french classification : 161 turkish classification : 68 swiss classification : 6/8 other names this wheel arrangement is infrequently called '' javanic '' , after the use of large 2-12-2ts in java .
1	departing java on 7 september , benjamin stoddert traced a northerly course between borneo and celebes and arrived back at subic bay on the 11th .
6	'' history and tradition people in java , bali and madura usually make tumpeng to celebrate important event .