5	manasseh meyer had a special chair set out in the front of the congregation .
21	he came to wisconsin with his family in 1849 , and settled at winneconne where in 1850 he opened a horse-powered chair factory .
27	a swivel in a chain link a swivel in a link a swivel is a connection that allows the connected object , such as a gun or chair , to rotate horizontally or vertically .
10	she also claims to have once been hit by a chair at a wrestling match , and made it onto tv .
5	it is equipped with a chair base on castors and a gas cylinder for adjusting the correct sitting height .
16	assistant secretary to the horticultural society since 1822 , in 1829 lindley was appointed to the chair of botany at university college , london , which he retained until 1860 .
9	typically in a sidewalk cafe there are table and chair ( and sometimes bench ) for dining and relaxing .
10	east union had a lumbermill , in addition to a chair and table factory .
1	the chair may rule on the point of order or submit it to the judgment of the assembly .
12	officers - the senior executive of the official side is usually the chair and a representative of the staff side nominated as vice-chair .
12	'' he has been dating dr. mildred '' millie '' finch , chair of the calsci physics , mathematics , and astronomy division .
6	it has similarities to the traditional chair or secretary roles in a meeting but goes beyond them to actively participate and guide the group towards consensus .
12	li was transferred to professor of zhejiang university , and was the chair of its department of civil engineering .
8	the fibers are also woven into curtain , chair coverings , carpet , area rugs , hessian cloth , and backing for linoleum .
4	a similar form of chair in domestic furniture is called '' prie-dieu '' by analogy .
10	plot synopsis a naked woman is seen sitting on a chair in a room with view .
9	it was first announced by bill gates , the chair of microsoft on 1 august 1988 at comdex in las vegas .
19	in july 2009 , at the mayor of london and hm government 's request , he set up and chair a board directing the cultural olympiad , and also joined the london organising committee for the olympic games board .
1	the chair of the convention , william gwin , was himself a slaveholder from tennessee .
13	he has often assisted the canadian disabled community , including serving as honorary chair of the and chairman emeritus of the .
9	the hon company designs and manufactures office furniture including chair , filing cabinet , workstations , tables , desk and education furniture .
18	nga adopted a policy in 1977 formalizing its standard practice for many years : the position of nga chair alternates yearly between republican and democratic governors , so that neither party can control the position for two consecutive years .
54	members of that committee were : max baucus d mt ranking jay rockefeller d wv kent conrad , d nd jim jeffords , i vt jeff bingaman , d nm john kerry , d ma blanche lincoln , d ar ron wyden , d or charles schumer , d ny chuck grassley r ia chair olympia snowe , r ma jon kyl , r az craig thomas , r wy rick santorum , r pn bill frist , r tn gordon smith , r or jim bunning , r ky mike crapo , r id orrin hatch , r ut trent lott , r ms the main sponsor was byron dorgon , d nd .
4	a wheelchair is a chair with wheels , invented in the early 5th century .
40	bob holly became the new hardcore champion on the banks of the mississippi river the hardcore match between the two j.o.b . squad members began with al snow throwing bob holly out of the ring and hitting him with a chair before throwing him into the crowd .
13	a typical western living room may contain furnishings such as a sofa , chair , occasional table , and bookshelves , electric lamp , rugs , or other furniture .
54	risk factors the following risk factors have been identified for coccyx fracture : lack of/reduced muscle mass advanced age osteoporosis being of the female gender ( due to the wider pelvis typically found in females ) violence symptoms of coccyx fracture include : pain that increases in when sitting or getting up from a chair , or when experiencing bowel movement provoked pain over the tailbone nausea bruising or swelling in the tailbone area diagnosis x-rays are usually necessary , but this is not always the case .
27	background pitt was born in washington , d.c . , and lived several years in alabama ( where his father , charles redding pitt , served as chair of the state democratic party ) before eventually moving to boston .
21	sweden the united kingdom , ireland and other english speaking countries united states historical islamic usage in muslim civilisation , the chair was designated by the caliph himself .
4	he also served as chair of the standing committee on private and local bills and sat on the legislature 's human resources committee .
17	a panel was set up by cr administration to supervise the establishment , with boonsing boonkham as chair .
3	she served as chair of the history department until shortly after hurricane katrina in 2005 .
7	he has been a board member and chair of the local branches of the norwegian state food authority and the norwegian association of local and regional authorities .
15	salma yaqoob ( born 1971 ) is the former leader , and former vice - chair , of the respect party and a former birmingham city council .
27	in addition to covering a completely different topic , it must have been quite a bit more accessible , since it got him a position as a chair of mathematics at a provincial university .
8	'' in an open letter to castro , chair of the congressional black caucus representative maxine waters of california later explained that many members of the caucus ( including herself ) were against shakur 's extradition but had mistakenly voted for the bill , which was placed on the accelerated suspension calendar , generally reserved for non-controversial legislation .
5	former president of indonesia and chair of the ( pdip ) , megawati sukarnoputri , issued a statement expressing condolences after the accident .
3	he was also chair of chemistry and toxicology in the columbian university and later its dean .
3	he held the chair in civil law at the catholic university of quito for many years .
4	he also served as chair of akvaforsk , and later as a member of the board of the southern norway regional health authority and of blefjell hospital trust .
12	huawei symantec 's technologists participate in various standardization organizations , including holding chair and vice-chair posts .
18	in 1882 in belleville séance sitters caught slade making '' spirit '' raps against the rung of his chair , using his foot to move a slate , writing '' spirit '' messages and substituting slates .
33	rule i of the standing rules of the united states senate , established by the senate committee on rules and administration , governs the subject of the appointment of a senator to the chair .
23	he was professor of english literature at the university of southern california from 1905 to 1911 , when he was transferred to the chair of orient studies and comparative literature .
13	one of the pieces of wright-designed furniture in the building was a round-backed chair .
3	he served as chair of catholic legal immigration network , inc. ( 1998 -- 2001 ) , and of the united states conference of catholic bishops ' committee on migration ( 2001 -- 2004 ) .
38	'' format meeting report generally , minutes begin with the name of the body holding the meeting ( e.g. , a committee ) , place , date , list of people present , and the time that the chair called the meeting to order .
8	while in the house , goss served as chair of the house intelligence committee from 1997 until 2005 and the vice-chairman of the house rules committee .
5	the match started with several chair shots from both competitors .
60	the first of a series of gablestones on a gemeenlandshuis in halfweg built in 1645 ; each stone represents the heraldic shield of the dike-reeve and his men , known as the heemraden , or in this case , the high or hoogheemraden a dijkgraaf ( translated : dike-warden or dike-reeve ) , sometimes called a watergraaf , is the chair of a dutch water board .
4	gayle also served as chair of the obama administration 's presidential advisory council on hiv/aids .
27	a chairy tale ( ) is a 1957 stop-motion pixilation short film co-directed by norman mclaren and claude jutra , and starring jutra and a most uncooperative chair .
4	smith has been the chair of the norwegian institute for social research from 2007 to 2010 .
2	jpg thonet chair wien museum karlplatz file : thonet-exhibition 58 .
6	he is well known as the chair of the editorial committee for the international code of botanical nomenclature ( icbn ) - both the previous st louis code ( 2000 ) , and tokyo code ( 1994 ) , but not the current vienna code ( 2006 ) .
7	cathedra is the latin word for a chair with armrests , and it appears in early christian literature in the phrase '' cathedrae apostolorum '' indicating authority derived directly from the apostles ; its roman connotations of authority reserved for the emperor were later adopted by bishops after the 4th century .
2	she was chair of the canadian broadcasting corporation from july 16 , 2001 , until march 14 , 2005 , when she resigned in order to seek the nomination of the british columbia liberal party in that province 's 2005 election .
25	after some research positions at the university of tartu , he was elected , in 2002 , aged 28 , to a full professorship and chair in public management and european studies at tallinn university of technology 's ragnar nurkse school of innovation and governance ( as it is now called ) , which since 2004 , he heads .
5	in 1893 he gained a chair in modern history at trinity college , which he held for nine years .
5	early political career she was chair of the san mateo democratic party between 1978 and 1982 .
24	vytlacil invited holty to participate in discussions which led to the formation of the american abstract artists , which holty would eventually come to chair , retaining his membership until 1944 .
21	in a standard hut , each patient was supplied with a bed , chest of drawers , a table and a chair .
1	the chair of this council is held by the member from the state holding the presidency ( see section above ) .
7	in 1873 he was appointed to the chair of geography at the polytechnic institute , munich .
31	the collection of furniture is mostly composed of english and french examples , including storage and resting pieces , such as chests , sideboard , cupboard , bookcase , seat and chair , made with oak , walnut and other types of wood .
35	he is a member for life of clare hall , cambridge , at the university of cambridge , and is retired as a full professor of the university of melbourne , where he was previously chair of agriculture , dean of land and food resources , dean of agriculture , forestry and horticulture ( now faculty of land and environment ) .
8	gamper has stated '' there is no perfect chair '' .
17	a sling being used to carry an injured man sling furniture is usually a suspended , free-swinging chair , bed , or hammock that is made of a framework connected to hanging straps or rope .