22	the belt consisted of two strake of armor , high , that covered the sides of the hull up to the main deck and extended below the normal waterline .
2	the armored deck rested on the top of the waterline belt .
22	binnacle with iron correcting spheres at each side and clinometer below compass a binnacle is a waist-high case or stand on the deck of a ship , generally mounted in front of the helmsman , in which navigational instruments are placed for easy and quick reference as well as to protect the delicate instruments .
5	lower manhattan skyline from the deck of the ferry , 2010 in 1817 the richmond turnpike company began to run the first motorized ferry between new york and staten island , the steam-powered nautilus .
5	the flat portion of the deck armor was thick and thick amidships where it sloped down to the bottom of the armor belt .
20	the protected cruiser is a type of naval cruiser of the late 19th century , so known because its armour deck offered protection for vital machine spaces from fragments caused by exploding shells above .
9	both parts of the vessel are hinged at the deck and operated by hydraulic cylinders .
5	the armor plates of the deck and paddle housing were thick .
1	the deck and hull that support the mast need to be specially designed for the installation of an unstayed mast .
5	the flat portion of the deck armor was thick and thick where it sloped down to the sides of the ship .
7	above this porch is the second-storey gallery deck that extends from the women 's gallery .
5	it was built on a deck and a lift was provided to move wagons down to warehouses below .
33	hosted by paul lafrance , a contractor who owns cutting edge construction and design in pickering , ontario , each episode depicts lafrance and his team designing and building a unique and dramatic deck for a client .
3	the enclosed walkway deck was constructed of laminated veneer lumber and steel bar trusses .
12	the most widespread use of wpcs in north america is in outdoor deck floors , but it is also used for railings , fences , landscaping timbers , cladding and siding , park bench , molding and trim , window and door frames , and indoor furniture .
15	a full-length veranda , with shed roof supported by plain wooden pillars and a concrete deck wraps around the eastern ( front ) and north facade .
20	it is considered a sister series to decked out , and like decked out , stars paul lafrance and his deck building crew .
6	the awning framework of all sunsetter deck and patio models mount directly onto the home using wall or soffit brackets and can be installed on every kind of siding .
8	the hip roof was topped with a balustraded deck .
26	the main controls cabin : with a semicircular head on via della ghiacciaia , with porthole window on the inner side and the third floor the deck with a full-length windows , as a control tower for the rails .