16	appliquéd slips of both old fabric and new canvaswork are characteristic of domestic textile such as chair covers , cushion , and especially wall hangings and bed curtain throughout the elizabethan and jacobean era .
8	'' in an open letter to castro , chair of the congressional black caucus representative maxine waters of california later explained that many members of the caucus ( including herself ) were against shakur 's extradition but had mistakenly voted for the bill , which was placed on the accelerated suspension calendar , generally reserved for non-controversial legislation .
24	when no second is made after a motion is proposed , if the motion requires a second and none is immediately offered , the chair of the body will usually ask , '' is there a second ?
1	a chair is a common example of such a product .
3	he was the chair of the norwegian publishers association from 1972 to 1975 .
8	museum namesake peter cooper created the first metal chair in the united states .
26	a simple rising vote ( in which the number of members voting on each side are counted ) is used principally in cases in which the chair believes a voice vote has been taken with an inconclusive result , or upon a motion to divide the assembly .
12	officers - the senior executive of the official side is usually the chair and a representative of the staff side nominated as vice-chair .
9	the hon company designs and manufactures office furniture including chair , filing cabinet , workstations , tables , desk and education furniture .
18	senator collins presented the gao report to the committee on governmental affairs , of which she was the chair and ranking republican .
5	he is also the vice chair of tv 2 .
4	a wheelchair is a chair with wheels , invented in the early 5th century .
18	in 1882 in belleville séance sitters caught slade making '' spirit '' raps against the rung of his chair , using his foot to move a slate , writing '' spirit '' messages and substituting slates .
24	he was a member of the faculty of the ohio state university for 28 years , including 14 years teaching and 14 years as chair of the department of landscape architecture , and served as a consultant as well as a volunteer with the national park service .
3	she served as chair of the history department until shortly after hurricane katrina in 2005 .
9	each standing and select committee is led by a chair ( who belongs to the majority party ) and a ranking member ( who belongs to the minority party ) .
38	'' format meeting report generally , minutes begin with the name of the body holding the meeting ( e.g. , a committee ) , place , date , list of people present , and the time that the chair called the meeting to order .
24	vytlacil invited holty to participate in discussions which led to the formation of the american abstract artists , which holty would eventually come to chair , retaining his membership until 1944 .
8	gamper has stated '' there is no perfect chair '' .
3	he served as chair of the administrative committee from 1965 through 1966 .
10	she also claims to have once been hit by a chair at a wrestling match , and made it onto tv .
21	he came to wisconsin with his family in 1849 , and settled at winneconne where in 1850 he opened a horse-powered chair factory .
4	she also served as chair of the annapolis group .
20	in september of that same year he joined torys llp , as counsel , and since 2005 has been the chair of the higher education quality council of ontario .
25	after some research positions at the university of tartu , he was elected , in 2002 , aged 28 , to a full professorship and chair in public management and european studies at tallinn university of technology 's ragnar nurkse school of innovation and governance ( as it is now called ) , which since 2004 , he heads .
54	risk factors the following risk factors have been identified for coccyx fracture : lack of/reduced muscle mass advanced age osteoporosis being of the female gender ( due to the wider pelvis typically found in females ) violence symptoms of coccyx fracture include : pain that increases in when sitting or getting up from a chair , or when experiencing bowel movement provoked pain over the tailbone nausea bruising or swelling in the tailbone area diagnosis x-rays are usually necessary , but this is not always the case .
4	he is the associate chair of the sociology department at mcmaster university .
17	a sling being used to carry an injured man sling furniture is usually a suspended , free-swinging chair , bed , or hammock that is made of a framework connected to hanging straps or rope .
5	armrests are also found on chair in general .
15	salma yaqoob ( born 1971 ) is the former leader , and former vice - chair , of the respect party and a former birmingham city council .
1	the chair of the house elections committee , representative diane rosenbaum , dismissed such concerns .
13	one of the pieces of wright-designed furniture in the building was a round-backed chair .
12	the game starts with any number of players and a number of chair one fewer than the number of players ; the chairs are arranged in a circle ( or other closed figure if space is constrained ; a double line is sometimes used ) facing outward , with the people standing in a circle just outside of that .
3	modern use the chair of a student society in the netherlands or belgium may be called a praeses ; in dutch the official spelling has changed to '' preses '' but most student societies still observe the latin spelling .
8	while in the house , goss served as chair of the house intelligence committee from 1997 until 2005 and the vice-chairman of the house rules committee .
6	it has similarities to the traditional chair or secretary roles in a meeting but goes beyond them to actively participate and guide the group towards consensus .
5	manasseh meyer had a special chair set out in the front of the congregation .
12	huawei symantec 's technologists participate in various standardization organizations , including holding chair and vice-chair posts .
5	he has also been the chair of the norwegian broadcasting corporation , the research council of norway and the oslo stock exchange .
10	the honor of serving as mace-bearer is accorded to the chair of the academic senate .
3	he held the chair in civil law at the catholic university of quito for many years .
23	he was professor of english literature at the university of southern california from 1905 to 1911 , when he was transferred to the chair of orient studies and comparative literature .
6	he is well known as the chair of the editorial committee for the international code of botanical nomenclature ( icbn ) - both the previous st louis code ( 2000 ) , and tokyo code ( 1994 ) , but not the current vienna code ( 2006 ) .
31	in 1986 , he became professor at the physics department and optical sciences center of the university of arizona in tucson , az , and in 1989 , he accepted a chair there .
4	a similar form of chair in domestic furniture is called '' prie-dieu '' by analogy .
7	cathedra is the latin word for a chair with armrests , and it appears in early christian literature in the phrase '' cathedrae apostolorum '' indicating authority derived directly from the apostles ; its roman connotations of authority reserved for the emperor were later adopted by bishops after the 4th century .
4	he slumps into his chair with his head on his chest .
33	rule i of the standing rules of the united states senate , established by the senate committee on rules and administration , governs the subject of the appointment of a senator to the chair .
27	in addition to covering a completely different topic , it must have been quite a bit more accessible , since it got him a position as a chair of mathematics at a provincial university .
10	plot synopsis a naked woman is seen sitting on a chair in a room with view .
3	he served as chair of catholic legal immigration network , inc. ( 1998 -- 2001 ) , and of the united states conference of catholic bishops ' committee on migration ( 2001 -- 2004 ) .
5	he also served as the chair of the british columbia political science articulation committee .
22	metamorphic library steps are a type of archaic dual-use furniture , consisting of a small folding staircase that can be transformed into chair or desk form ( such as a small writing table or library table ) .
30	present positions he is the current president of national taiwan university ( 2005 -- ) , president of the association of national universities of taiwan ( 2006 -- ) and chair of the university mobility in asia and the pacific ( 2005 -- ) .
16	assistant secretary to the horticultural society since 1822 , in 1829 lindley was appointed to the chair of botany at university college , london , which he retained until 1860 .
7	he was especially known for his designed chair .
5	former president of indonesia and chair of the ( pdip ) , megawati sukarnoputri , issued a statement expressing condolences after the accident .
13	a typical western living room may contain furnishings such as a sofa , chair , occasional table , and bookshelves , electric lamp , rugs , or other furniture .
19	outside of representative government , platou was involved in the administration of vinmonopolet from 1950 , finally serving as chair from 1981 to 1987 .
40	bob holly became the new hardcore champion on the banks of the mississippi river the hardcore match between the two j.o.b . squad members began with al snow throwing bob holly out of the ring and hitting him with a chair before throwing him into the crowd .
8	the fibers are also woven into curtain , chair coverings , carpet , area rugs , hessian cloth , and backing for linoleum .
10	a seat is also known as a bench , a chair , a chaise longue , chesterfield , a couch , a davenport or a settee .
30	while an innate cautiousness around heights is helpful for survival , an extreme fear can interfere with the activities of everyday life , such as standing on a ladder or chair , or even walking up a flight of stairs .
11	by the mid-19th century , reading had thirteen establishments that manufactured chair and cabinets .
35	he is a member for life of clare hall , cambridge , at the university of cambridge , and is retired as a full professor of the university of melbourne , where he was previously chair of agriculture , dean of land and food resources , dean of agriculture , forestry and horticulture ( now faculty of land and environment ) .
12	li was transferred to professor of zhejiang university , and was the chair of its department of civil engineering .
5	he became a cabinet and chair maker by trade .
1	the chair of the convention , william gwin , was himself a slaveholder from tennessee .
60	the first of a series of gablestones on a gemeenlandshuis in halfweg built in 1645 ; each stone represents the heraldic shield of the dike-reeve and his men , known as the heemraden , or in this case , the high or hoogheemraden a dijkgraaf ( translated : dike-warden or dike-reeve ) , sometimes called a watergraaf , is the chair of a dutch water board .
14	hence , if procuring independently , each government agency will pay $ 100 per chair .
1	this chair was revolutionary in the use of the materials ( bent tubular steel and canvas ) and methods of manufacturing .
5	in 1893 he gained a chair in modern history at trinity college , which he held for nine years .
27	background pitt was born in washington , d.c . , and lived several years in alabama ( where his father , charles redding pitt , served as chair of the state democratic party ) before eventually moving to boston .
33	ordained to the congregational ministry in 1883 , he was a pastor at newark , n. j . , in 1883-85 , and thereafter was president of bowdoin college , also holding the chair of mental and moral philosophy .
17	a panel was set up by cr administration to supervise the establishment , with boonsing boonkham as chair .
6	its furniture products include table , chair , shelving units , bed , dining room set , bedroom set and more .
31	the collection of furniture is mostly composed of english and french examples , including storage and resting pieces , such as chests , sideboard , cupboard , bookcase , seat and chair , made with oak , walnut and other types of wood .
12	the top administrative post in many academic departments is the '' department chair .
27	a swivel in a chain link a swivel in a link a swivel is a connection that allows the connected object , such as a gun or chair , to rotate horizontally or vertically .
4	biography denison was the chair of the canadian coalition for good governance ( ccgg ) from june 4 , 2009 - june 15 , 2011 , and a corporate director of since june 23 , 2005 .
1	the chair may rule on the point of order or submit it to the judgment of the assembly .
4	his appointment to a chair at berlin in 1884 against the wishes of the medical faculty was largely due to his successful treatment of otto von bismarck for obesity .
18	moore is associate dean for basic medical sciences in the university 's faculty of medicine , and was chair of anatomy from 1976 to 1984 .
28	the string is threaded through the straw and is attached at both ends to objects of some kind , such as a doorknob on one end and a chair on the other .
18	nga adopted a policy in 1977 formalizing its standard practice for many years : the position of nga chair alternates yearly between republican and democratic governors , so that neither party can control the position for two consecutive years .
21	sweden the united kingdom , ireland and other english speaking countries united states historical islamic usage in muslim civilisation , the chair was designated by the caliph himself .
7	he has been a board member and chair of the local branches of the norwegian state food authority and the norwegian association of local and regional authorities .
12	the conference is led by a president , who also serves as chair of the conference board .
10	copeland was probably the originator of a peculiar type of chair back , popular for a few years in the middle of the 18th century , consisting of a series of interlaced circles .
26	marshal of the sejm also known as sejm marshal , chairman of the sejm or speaker of the sejm ( , ) is the speaker ( chair ) of the sejm ( since the 15th century , the lower house of the polish parliament ) .
5	early political career she was chair of the san mateo democratic party between 1978 and 1982 .
3	he was also chair of chemistry and toxicology in the columbian university and later its dean .
15	items such as small tables , nightstand , chests , commode , and easily moved chair are usually included in this category .
21	in a standard hut , each patient was supplied with a bed , chest of drawers , a table and a chair .
4	gayle also served as chair of the obama administration 's presidential advisory council on hiv/aids .
8	this publication raised his hopes to obtain the chair of reptile and fish at the natural history museum left vacant by the death of auguste duméril ( 1812 -- 1870 ) but it was finally léon vaillant ( 1834 -- 1914 ) who was selected .
3	roger martin is chair to the board of trustees , population matters ( formerly the optimum population trust ) and president of the somerset branch , campaign to protect rural england .
5	although designed to be a chair , due to its amorphous nature it is often confused with a : hassock , tuffet and ottoman .
27	a chairy tale ( ) is a 1957 stop-motion pixilation short film co-directed by norman mclaren and claude jutra , and starring jutra and a most uncooperative chair .
4	smith has been the chair of the norwegian institute for social research from 2007 to 2010 .
34	a pillow is a cushion support for the head or other parts of the body , usually used while sleep on a bed , or for the body as used on a couch or chair .
2	jpg thonet chair wien museum karlplatz file : thonet-exhibition 58 .
4	he also served as chair of akvaforsk , and later as a member of the board of the southern norway regional health authority and of blefjell hospital trust .
4	he also served as chair of the standing committee on private and local bills and sat on the legislature 's human resources committee .
10	otherwise , it is merely for the guidance of the chair .
9	typically in a sidewalk cafe there are table and chair ( and sometimes bench ) for dining and relaxing .
4	he was also the chair of akers elektrisitetsverk from 1927 to 1935 and a member of the board of akers sparebank and freia .
13	columbia manufacturing inc. is a company located in westfield , massachusetts that manufactures chair , desk , bicycle , and other materials .
2	she was chair of the canadian broadcasting corporation from july 16 , 2001 , until march 14 , 2005 , when she resigned in order to seek the nomination of the british columbia liberal party in that province 's 2005 election .
12	'' he has been dating dr. mildred '' millie '' finch , chair of the calsci physics , mathematics , and astronomy division .
54	common design elements include : top surfaces of various shapes , including rectangular , rounded or semi-circular legs arranged in two or more similar pairs several geometries of folding table that can be collapsed into a smaller volume heights ranging up and down from the most common range , often reflecting the height of chair or bar stool used as seating for people making use of a table , as for eating or performing various manipulations of objects resting on a table presence or absence of drawer expansion of the surface by insertion of leaves or locking hinged drop leaf sections into horizontal position .
4	he was also the chair of ullevål university hospital from 1996 to 2000 .
7	in 1873 he was appointed to the chair of geography at the polytechnic institute , munich .
2	'' the chair is the '' active executive officer '' of the board of governors of the federal reserve system .
11	a stretcher is a horizontal support element of a table , chair or other item of furniture ; this structure is normally made of exposed wood and ties vertical elements of the piece together .
54	members of that committee were : max baucus d mt ranking jay rockefeller d wv kent conrad , d nd jim jeffords , i vt jeff bingaman , d nm john kerry , d ma blanche lincoln , d ar ron wyden , d or charles schumer , d ny chuck grassley r ia chair olympia snowe , r ma jon kyl , r az craig thomas , r wy rick santorum , r pn bill frist , r tn gordon smith , r or jim bunning , r ky mike crapo , r id orrin hatch , r ut trent lott , r ms the main sponsor was byron dorgon , d nd .
5	the match started with several chair shots from both competitors .
9	the majority of associations are structured to include a chair , vice-chair , secretary , treasurer and committee members .
14	this meeting was held on april 2 , 1982 , with dyson occupying the chair .
1	the chair of this council is held by the member from the state holding the presidency ( see section above ) .
18	garden furniture garden furniture may range from a patio set consisting of a table , four or six chair and a parasol , through benches , swings , various lighting , to stunning artifacts in brutal concrete or weathered oak .
11	grandstands may have basic bench seating , but usually have individual chair like a stadium .
26	after study at heidelberg , göttingen , and bonn , he became docent in history at berlin in 1873 and in 1880 was appointed to a chair of modern history there .
30	administrative positions : rector ( ) provost ( ) vice-rectors ( academic , research , financial , foreign activity ) dean ( ) associate deans ( academic , research ) chair ( head ) of a department ( ) head of administrative departments professorship in russia the university academic career to the rank of professor usually starts right after graduation .
9	it was first announced by bill gates , the chair of microsoft on 1 august 1988 at comdex in las vegas .
19	in july 2009 , at the mayor of london and hm government 's request , he set up and chair a board directing the cultural olympiad , and also joined the london organising committee for the olympic games board .
5	it is equipped with a chair base on castors and a gas cylinder for adjusting the correct sitting height .
19	by about 8 months of age , infants usually learn to pull themselves up and hold on to a chair , and they often can stand alone by about 10 to 12 months of age .
24	demise nan tucker mcevoy as late as 1993 , nan tucker mcevoy , granddaughter of san francisco chronicle founder m. h. de young and chair of chronicle publishing company 's board of directors , declined an offer of $ 800 million made by hearst corporation for chronicle publishing .
10	in the same year , he was appointed as the chair of the technology subcommittee of the 2006 executive bond committee , by phoenix mayor phil gordon .
6	pablo javier almaguér is a former chair of the state bar of texas board of directors .
12	he spent the next 30 years there , including a stint as chair of the computer science department from 1982 -- 1987 .
6	there was a large tannery , chair factory , 10 sawmill , a starch factory , a gristmill , a sash , blind and door factory , and 2 boot and shoe factories .
13	he has often assisted the canadian disabled community , including serving as honorary chair of the and chairman emeritus of the .
10	east union had a lumbermill , in addition to a chair and table factory .
18	the lobby of the law school library contains a sculpture made by cole in the form of a chair entitled the lobbyist .