11	dr. richard mark soley ( baltimore , maryland ) is the chair and ceo of object management group , inc . ( omg ) ; as such , the vision and direction of the consortium are his responsibility .
3	he served as chair of the administrative committee from 1965 through 1966 .
3	bore is the chair of norwegian church aid since 2000 .
12	the conference is led by a president , who also serves as chair of the conference board .
9	for a year after graduation , stanley served as chair of belles-lettres at christian college in hustonville , kentucky .
19	outside of representative government , platou was involved in the administration of vinmonopolet from 1950 , finally serving as chair from 1981 to 1987 .
18	christina elizabeth kramer is professor of slavic and balkan languages and linguistics at the university of toronto and chair of the university 's department of slavic languages and literatures which is part of the faculty of arts and science .
23	he was professor of english literature at the university of southern california from 1905 to 1911 , when he was transferred to the chair of orient studies and comparative literature .
5	he also served as the chair of the british columbia political science articulation committee .
5	he is also the vice chair of tv 2 .
13	he then proceeded to attack goldberg , which led to batista inserting a chair on goldberg 's ankle .
5	he became a cabinet and chair maker by trade .
16	one tribe , dom , is expert in manufacturing bamboo items like box , sofas , chair , basket and racks .
7	he was especially known for his designed chair .
18	seating garden furniture is often sold as a patio set consisting of a table , four or six chair , and a (parasol) .
2	jpg thonet chair wien museum karlplatz file : thonet-exhibition 58 .
27	a swivel in a chain link a swivel in a link a swivel is a connection that allows the connected object , such as a gun or chair , to rotate horizontally or vertically .
6	there was a large tannery , chair factory , 10 sawmill , a starch factory , a gristmill , a sash , blind and door factory , and 2 boot and shoe factories .
65	nearby is a showcase that displays memorabilia like school badges , erasers , pencil sharpener , fountain pen , ruler , pencil and a set of textbook that was commonly used in the past , the ` coffee shop ' the ` coffee shop ' resembling an old eatery ( ’kopi tiam’ ) , this setup comes complete with a cashier 's counter , wooden chair , stools , tables , mirror , clock , mechanical fan , ashtray , matchbox , counting frames , chopsticks , chopstick holders , drinking straw , spittoon , bottle opener , serving tray , coffee cup , ice grinders and a variety of soft drink .
8	the fibers are also woven into curtain , chair coverings , carpet , area rugs , hessian cloth , and backing for linoleum .