1	jpg spring and shock absorber file : wrightspeedstearingrack4888 .
7	in a real spring–mass system , the spring has a non-negligible mass .
6	the resultant compression of the internal spring creates the desired resistance ; the bullworker returns to its original position when pressure is released .
20	fastener and tool the basic type consists of a steel cylinder body , a plunger on the top , a spring , a pair of step-cut locks , and a spreader bar .
10	the biggest volume of discharge in slovak rivers is during spring , when the snow is melting from the mountains .
22	it is the second of the band 's vivaldi project , a planned series of four albums representing the four season -- spring , summer , autumn and winter respectively .
34	natural and human history a yellow cup ( camissonia brevipes ) at the mouth of titus canyon timbisha native americans carved petroglyph on some of the rock faces of titus canyon , especially at spring and other locations of interest .
15	facts and procedural history samuel barnes designed '' corset - steels '' , which were spring to hold a corset together .
4	they were powered by spring mechanisms similar to those of clock .
5	the place , with natural spring , was a ranch and stagecoach station in the lower eastern side of historic tehachapi pass .
5	each occurred in a different spring in the pahrump valley .
11	the tale begins with a dragon making its nest at the spring which provides a city-state with water .
13	trading with canada since taking command of the '' jean '' , every spring and fall , allan took his brig from greenock to montreal and back again .
39	henery lures the dawg out of his house by drawing a doorbell and presses it and plays a piano while the dawg dances to the music and the dawg gets whacked and trips over a banana peel and a spring while walking clumsily and landing on a rollerskate .
7	an example is the action of a spring .
3	the estate 's spring - fed wooden water tank is also nearby .
23	it is characterised by nutrient-poor sandy soils , frequent wildfire , a very high level of endemism , spectacular displays of wildflower in spring , and a mediterranean climate with winter rainfall and hot , dry summers .
12	some choose to modify their valves by attaching a pneumatic actuator or spring to achieve a faster opening speed .
6	the city was named after a spring , kyre , which the greeks consecrated to apollo .
9	the escapement is driven by force from a coiled spring or a suspended weight , transmitted through the timepiece 's gear train .
29	drainage in the 19th century tank stream , a historical drain in the city of sydney from the 1881 household cyclopedia : this operation is always best performed in spring or summer , when the ground is dry .
24	vane meter sensor ( vaf sensor ) the vaf ( volume air flow ) sensor measures the air flow into the engine with a spring - loaded air flap/door attached to a variable resistor ( potentiometer ) .
7	the pin has one or more lengthwise spring that bulge outwards slightly , giving the appearance of a banana .
28	these are grown in green houses which make use of local renewable energy in the form of hot water generated from nearby geothermal sources in the form of spring and geysers .
3	the damper and spring rates were also different from the ur-q .
12	it falls from mid-march to mid-april and is the last month of spring ( bôsôntô ) .
27	according to her dictionary of american naval fighting ships entry , waubansee was being prepared for reactivation at the time of the entry 's publication in the spring of 1979 , but there are no available records that confirm a reactivation .
22	any strain ( deformation ) of a solid material generates an internal elastic stress , analogous to the reaction force of a spring , that tends to restore the material to its original non-deformed state .
12	in temperate and subpolar regions , generally four seasons are recognized : spring , summer , autumn and winter , astronomically marked by the sun reaching the points of equinox and solstice , although the climatic seasons lag behind their astronomical markers .
22	this is achieved by the initial operation of the switch lever mechanism storing potential energy , usually as mechanical stress in a spring .
3	bayonet with circular spring ( '' circlip beater '' ) .
7	the arms are derived from a roman spring sanctum from the 2nd century unearthed high in the woods .
19	recreation lycoming creek is a popular site for trout fishing and is usually heavily stocked with fish in the spring , especially in its upper reaches in lycoming county .
13	the don january golf classic is a golf tournament played annually in the spring that was established to honor him in 1980 by his alma mater , now known as the university of north texas .
36	today 's new high performance pogo sticks - and the sport of '' xpogo '' a pogo stick is a device for jumping off the ground in a standing position , through the aid of a spring , or new high performance technologies , often used as a toy , exercise equipment , or extreme sports instrument .
9	spring-loaded handles are the most popular and use a spring to work the barrel 's clamp .
8	at one end of the board is a spring loading bowling machine , at the other end the batsman wields a miniature wooden bat .
25	a story from his childhood reports that he once observed a badger enter an underground cave ; nehmé dug at that spot and unearthed a spring , which is known today as '' badger 's fountain '' .
16	the ottawa international writers festival is a literary festival which takes place twice annually , in spring and fall , in ottawa , ontario , canada .
9	anciently the village was the location of a medicinal spring of great repute , though its exact location is unknown .
12	the area also has a large number of thermal and fresh water spring .
19	that means the seasons consist of warm summer , mild wet winter , cool pleasant fall , and warm spring .
20	history and design the wg design was introduced in 1950 ; it utilised identical equipment ( boiler , motion , spring , tender bogies , and rear truck ) as used in the 4-6-2 wp class passenger locomotives .
21	the time delay of a no. 9 is determined solely by the thickness of the notch in the wire , the spring tension , and the temperature .
13	throughout the year , bartholomew sees the king getting angry at rain in spring , sun in summer , fog in autumn , and snow in winter .
4	some poles come with spring - loaded sections to aid walking under normal conditions and to reduce wrist strain , but such devices may only add unwanted weight and noise to the poles .
22	the album revolves around a seasonal concept ; the first four songs each represent one of the traditional four seasons , respectively spring , summer , autumn , and winter , while the final track , '' histoires sans paroles '' , represents the imaginary fifth season .
6	a proof mass that deforms a spring in an accelerometer is sometimes called the seismic mass .
1	in spring and summer , it migrates to spruce and infects recently emerged needle , coloring them in yellow .
1	amguel spring ) is a town and commune in tamanrasset district , tamanrasset province , algeria .
50	a switchblade ( also known as an automatic knife , pushbutton knife , ejector knife , switch , sprenger , springer , flick knife , or flick blade ) is a type of knife with a folding or sliding blade contained in the handle which is opened automatically by a spring when a button , lever , or switch on the handle or bolster is activated .
18	'' the sprightly , reggae - inflected song reached number 8 on the uk singles chart in the spring of 1977 .
8	the strut will usually carry both the coil spring on which the body is suspended and the shock absorber , which is usually in the form of a cartridge mounted within the strut ( see coilover ) .
15	mechanical examples include pendulum ( with small angles of displacement ) , masses connected to spring , and acoustical system .
8	it can also be found in europe during spring , summer , and autumn .
16	the world league of american football was founded in 1991 to serve as a type of spring league .
15	linear elasticity as noted above , for small deformations , most elastic materials such as spring exhibit linear elasticity and can be described by a linear relation between the stress and strain .
15	the annual cart festival for the village deity honnadevi takes place every year during the spring .
15	mechanics arresting movement to arrest movement , the method commonly employs a small gravity or spring - actuated lever paired with a notched wheel .
12	barcalo received u.s. patent no. 719,685 for the invention of a bed spring .
16	according to one theory , the original celtic inhabitants already had a worshipping place at this spring ( the -- born part of the name ) in pre-christian times ringed with stone god figures .
24	of special interest is the coupling of two ( or more ) vibratory systems ( e.g. pendula or resonant circuit ) by means of spring or magnetic field , etc. .
7	as word of the county 's warm spring spread eastward , thomas fairfax , 6th lord fairfax of cameron decided that the county needed to be surveyed .
20	history the name of the island was possibly derived from prvin , the name of the pre-christian croatian god of spring .
22	the cheyenne believe that there were many different kinds of water monsters that lived not only in lakes , rivers , and spring but also high bluffs and hills .
5	the norwegians left in the spring , and sailed north to kintyre ; here they encountered a strong force of scots and both sides lost many men during the ensuing battle .
2	three seasonal spring flow from the slope of the plateau ; yellowjacket , mcivers and willow springs .
10	the name of the town is taken from a nearby spring and is aboriginal in origin , its meaning is unknown .
5	this allows objects made of spring steel to return to their original shape despite significant bending or twisting .
19	points lifespan became a factor of rubbing block ( cam follower ) wear and the life cycle of the spring with some lasting almost 100,000 miles .
61	wherever a burst of water appears in any particular spot , the sure and certain way of getting quit of such an evil is to dig hollow drains to such a depth below the surface as is required by the fall or level that can be gained , and by the quantity of water expected to proceed from the burst or spring .
6	the best seasons to visit are spring and autumn .
3	its river and spring habitat ecosystems are relatively intact and support a highly endemic fish fauna .
10	bean help to improve the player 's attack , while spring are used to improve his jumping height .
13	the united states army air forces experimented with downward-ejecting systems operated by a spring , but it was the work of sir james martin and his company martin-baker that was to prove crucial .
13	a major feature of the landscape park are the fontaines bleues , natural spring whose waters are an unusual brilliant hue of blue .
19	pohela falgun ( bengali : পহেলা ফাল্গুন pôhela falgun or পয়লা ফাল্গুন pôela falgun ) , first day of spring of bengali month falgun , of the bengali calendar , celebrated in bangladesh and west bengal and in the other india states , including assam , tripura , jharkhand and orrisa .
52	experimental luthier yuri landman built a variety of electric string resonance tailed bridge and 3rd bridge guitars like the moodswinger , moonlander and the springtime for indie rock and noise rock acts like sonic youth , liars , blood red shoes as well as electric thumb piano and electric drum guitars and spring drum instruments .
34	white george on the coat of arms of georgia in the fully developed western version , which developed as part of the golden legend , a dragon or crocodile makes its nest at the spring that provides water for the city of '' silene '' ( perhaps modern cyrene in libya or the city of lydda in the holy land , depending on the source ) .
28	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical dry forest , dry savanna , subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland , river , swamp , intermittent freshwater marsh , freshwater spring , and heavily degraded former forests .
9	the magellanic woodpecker breeds in the southern hemisphere 's spring , from october to january .
17	the motion depicted in the animation is for the idealized situation that the force exerted by the spring increases linearly with the distance to the center of rotation .
4	water eye but also spring ) commemorating three of sisters who were killed in the struggle against dictatorship .
35	in its northern part , which averages around 250m above sea level , the landscape is marked by several river valleys , as the weiße elster , the zwickauer mulde and the göltzsch have their spring in the vogtland , while the saale flows through bavaria and thuringia in the west of vogtland .
21	dock leveler - a height-adjustable platform used as a bridge between dock and truck , can be operated via mechanical ( spring ) , hydraulic , or air powered systems .
22	an equatorial ring an equatorial ring was an astronomical instrument used in the hellenistic world to determine the exact moment of the spring and autumn equinoxes .
26	the moonlight murders , a term created by the news media , refer to the true unsolved violent crimes committed in and around texarkana in the spring of 1946 by an unidentified serial killer known as the phantom killer or phantom slayer .
21	slap bracelets a slap bracelet ( or snap bracelet ) is a bracelet consisting of layered , flexible stainless steel bistable spring bands sealed within a fabric or plastic cover .
10	in the forest that abuts the town is an old spring near which some roman and celtic figures were found .
1	a spring between the handles causes the jaws to open again after closing .
2	fresh water spring are present approximately 2km north of berau , with minor reservoirs around macadade and the eastern slopes of mount manucoco .
7	painted caves , a cave with a spring in val verde county , texas , 20 kilometers southeast of comstock , texas .
20	january 15 , 2005 - the ndp 's provincial council meets in moncton and decides to delay the vote from spring to fall .
30	every february 2 , on groundhog day , sam 's shadow is closely observed at 08 : 00 ast to make the traditional prediction whether there will be an early spring .
27	all the shutters are joined together by a shutter bar , and the force required for the wind to open the shutters is adjusted by a separate spring on each sail .
13	some round nose pliers have insulated handles for safe electrical work , a spring - fitted joint and comfortable grips on the handles .
13	the collect pond ( or fresh water pond ) was a body of spring - fed fresh water , occupying approximately 48 acres ( 194,000 m ² ) and as deep as .
14	modern bathroom and kitchen taps often use ceramic or plastic surfaces sliding against other spring - loaded ceramic surfaces or plastic washers .
23	in a. alnifolia , they are about across , and appear on short raceme of three to 20 somewhat crowded together , in spring while the new leaves are still expanding .
21	whether he is in dooroy or in boda-ngal , the mbaroodi dooroy can never live anywhere but in a well or spring .
0	spring , 1998 an unscom inspection team discovers a dump full of destroyed iraqi missiles .
29	where a traditional schedule has students moving to eight classes a day , the block schedule has four 90-minute classes in the fall and four different classes in the spring .
14	climate the climate of the city is predominantly dry in winter , autumn and spring due to the low atmospheric moisture and an effective precipitation corresponding to that of a semiarid climate .
5	the weta stay frozen until spring time .
3	used in antique spring - powered mechanical watch and clock , a fusee is a cone - shaped pulley with a helical groove around it , wound with a cord or chain which is attached to the mainspring barrel .
24	in hebrew , the name maya ( מַיָּה / מאיה in hebrew ) is a short form of '' ma'ayan , '' meaning '' spring '' or '' brook .
24	because the weather is perceived as frequently changing , a common saying among local people is that , '' fuyang has four seasons in spring .
7	it is preceded by vasant , the spring season , and followed by varsha , the rainy season .
2	in the spring , species such as european wood anemone , common wood sorrel and false lily of the valley are blooming .
10	top mounted heave compensator drill string compensators are just giant spring between the drill bit and rig .
16	the blades are closed with a rope and pulley , and they are opened with a spring .
10	in the southern hemisphere , the beginning of the meteorological spring is on the 1st of september .
0	spring 2013 : organized student easter egg hunt on bascom hill .
28	its natural habitat are dry savanna , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland , intermittent river , intermittent freshwater marsh , freshwater spring , hot desert , and arable land .
16	purification requirements for the zav include counting seven days without seminal discharge , immersion in a spring , and bringing certain korban ( sacrifices ) .
16	transport operations to okinawa , intermingled with type and refresher training exercises , continued through the spring of 1967 .
5	example the motion of a spring satisfying hooke 's law is given by the semi-implicit euler for this equation is the iteration preserves the modified energy functional exactly , leading to stable periodic orbits ( for sufficiently small step size ) that deviate by from the exact orbits .
18	streams kyll fischbach schlemmbach mineral springs lindenquelle adonis quelle the adonis quelle -- quelle is german for '' spring '' -- lies in the middle of the village , but has been closed since november 2003 owing to contamination .
8	spring-powered water warriors has made a variety of spring - powered water guns .
18	at the time of the battle , the river was much wider than this , due to heavy spring rains and flooding .
72	other latex metal wood plant pollen ( hay fever ) grass -- ryegrass , timothy-grass weed -- ragweed , plantago , nettle , artemisia vulgaris , chenopodium album , sorrel tree -- birch , alder , hazel , hornbeam , aesculus , willow , poplar , platanus , tilia , olea , ashe juniper , alstonia scholaris seasonal allergies seasonal allergy symptoms are commonly experienced part of the year , usually during spring , summer or fall when certain trees or grasses pollinate .
9	the original use , however , was for watch spring : the copper cladding prevented corrosion .
12	description seagull lake is a sub-coastal saline lake fed by a marine spring .
22	cultivation and storage snow peas can be grown in open fields during cool seasons and can thus be cultivated during winter and spring seasons .
25	the water equivalent of snowfall is measured to monitor how much liquid is available to flood river from meltwater that will occur during the following spring .
19	the two main categories of protection are passive , with no moving parts , and active , which use spring to keep the gear fixed in place .
9	the operator may or may not include a return spring to close the door in case of power failure while the door is open .
19	its natural habitat are moist savanna , river , swamp , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , rural gardens , heavily degraded former forest , and pond .
5	they were often located at spring .
23	its natural habitat are subarctic forest , temperate forests , temperate shrubland , swamp , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , arable land , rural gardens , urban area , pond , and irrigated land .
1	; spring : the point at which a stream emerges from an underground course through unconsolidated sediment or through caves .
30	brilliant was also one of the first cities in the area to have running water -- they constructed a reservoir to hold water from the kootenay river and a local spring , and by 1912 , each household had running water .
32	additionally , the stiffness ( i.e. total moment divided by sway angle ) was found to be very close to 1 , indicating a resemblance between the ankle joint and a perfect spring .
1	the spring supposedly furnished water for those who lived in this building and was only channelled into a drain in the 1950s .
11	the last remaining parcel , including the historic buildings and the spring , was acquired by the state of california in 1949 .
26	this means that the blade does not lock but , once opened , is held in place by tension from a flat bar or leaf-type back spring that allows the blade to fold if a certain amount of pressure is applied .
1	in spring 2007 , construction will begin on the social sciences building on the northeast side of campus .
9	in the northern hemisphere , the meteorological beginning of spring occurs on the first day of march .
26	climate located above sea level in south-eastern province of syracuse , straddling the mediterranean sea and the ionian , has a mild climate from autumn to spring , a clear sky always throughout the year .
15	tornadoes , caused by the convergence of westerly and southerly prevailing winds during the late spring , are common , making the region part of tornado alley .
7	relative gravimeters most common relative gravimeters are spring - based .
18	in most species , leaves come up in autumn , grow through the winter , and die in spring , then the plant goes dormant through the dry mediterranean summer .
8	tule fog forms from late fall through early spring ( california 's rainy season ) after the first significant rainfall .
7	once the wheel is released , it spring back to the middle position and the media pauses or begins playing again .
23	walpurgis night is very similar to chaharshanbe suri , an iranian ceremony which is held on the last wednesday of winter to celebrate spring and iranian new year , nowruz .
28	while johnson was labeled as '' moody '' and '' uncoachable '' during his days with the phillies and cardinals , he impressed reds manager dave bristol that spring and was given the starting job in left field even though a lefthanded bat would have been more suitable for the reds ' line-up .
12	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and freshwater spring .
77	a certain amount of over-travel is required after the first probe makes contact with the wafer , for two reasons : to guarantee that all probes have made contact ( to account for non-planarity of the wafer ) to break through the thin oxidized layer ( if the metal pad is aluminum ) on the pad there are numerous types of mechanical probes available commercially : their shape can be in the form of a cantilever , spring , or membrane , and they can be bent into shape , stamped , or made by microelectromechanical systems processing .
10	they include lakes and pond , rivers , stream , spring , and wetland .
19	the fall was caused by the lack of water due to the discovery of the path to a secret spring by the enemy troops .
32	its natural habitat are temperate forest , river , intermittent rivers , shrub-dominated wetland , swamp , freshwater lake , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , rocky areas , arable land , pastureland , plantation , water storage areas , pond , open excavations , wastewater treatment areas , seasonally flooded agricultural land , and canal and ditches .
21	cadiz springs state recreation area is a state park unit of wisconsin , united states , featuring two reservoir on a spring - fed creek .
17	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , river , intermittent rivers , freshwater spring , rocky areas , and heavily degraded former forest .
6	ein lavan ( ) is a spring located in outskirts of jerusalem , near jerusalem biblical zoo and lays in judean hills .
12	tipularia discolor grows a single leaf in september that disappears in the spring .
15	at the same time , the count palatine was granted leave to develop the brine spring near sankt julian .
12	the key to its design was the use of a constant velocity spring to store the potential energy which are no longer in use .
20	characterized by hot and dry summers , and mild to cool winters where most of the precipitation is concentrated ( spring and autumn being pleasantly warm transitional seasons ) .
10	24-hour festival bnt also sponsors a 24-hour theater festival every spring .
4	wvsu 's fall and spring commencement ceremonies were held in december and may , respectively , at the charleston civic center in charleston .
16	the kimberley diamond cup is a skateboarding event held at the beginning of each southern hemisphere spring in kimberley , northern cape , south africa .
20	the oak is one of the strongest and longest-lived , and other , lesser plants nearby must wait until the spring to flourish before the light above is extinguished by leaves .
19	one epidemiological finding is that people diagnosed with schizophrenia are more likely to have been born in winter or spring ( at least in the northern hemisphere ) .
3	the season of spring was the overall concept for this release , and the ep 's photos featured the band members in white dresses , with a field of flowers in the background .
21	to accomplish this , a copper or brass commutator or ' slip ring ' are affixed to the shaft , and spring press braid copper wire ` brushes ' onto the rings which conduct the current .
2	in the spring of 2007 he earned his debut , and quickly became a starter ; he has scored 2 goals in 8 matches , and made a some god of assists .
15	simple harmonic oscillator the simplest mechanical oscillating system is a mass attached to a linear spring subject to only weight and tension .
19	two are dry : a short winter and a very long summer ; two are rainy : autumn and spring .
7	course shire brook rises as an underground spring at a height of 192 metres above sea level beneath the red lion public house in the gleadless townend residential area at .
7	the plant germinates in winter or early spring .
10	the festivals of ayyanars are celebrated in sacred groves during spring season by all the related clan .
9	a mechanical component analogous to an inductor is a spring .
19	the clay and sand intersection on the swan coastal plain , near the darling scarp , also produces permanent spring , giving rise to peat and sand mounds containing plant and invertebrate assemblages .
11	natural examples geographical features an ephemeral waterbody is a wetland , spring , stream , river , pond or lake that only exists for a short period following precipitation or snowmelt .
5	it was described from a spring at 9 payton place , devonport , tasmania in 1980 , making it '' the first spring-dwelling syncarid recorded from the australian region '' .
17	generally , a mass assembly of large a number of related family members is organized during the spring for a period of 2 to 3 days .
4	the fontaines bleues natural spring .
24	when the doorbell button is pressed , the first solenoid 's plunger strikes one bar , and when the button is released , a spring on the plunger pushes the plunger up , causing it to strike the other bar , creating a two-tone sound ( '' ding-dong '' ) .
4	eggs are laid during spring near decaying plant matter .
28	his fitch sprint had only minor modifications to the engine , bringing it to 155 hp ( 116 kw ) , but upgrades to the shock absorber and spring , adjustments to the wheel alignment , quicker steering ratio , alloy wheels , metallic brake lining , the obligatory wood-rimmed steering wheel ( leather available for an additional $ 9.95 ) and other such minor alterations made it extremely competitive with european sports cars costing much more .
2	in the spring of 2013 , however , plans were put forth to turn the disibodenberg chapel into a brewpub .
39	the months of april and may , the hot and dry months when schools are on their long , between-years break , is referred to as summer while in most of the northern hemisphere those months are part of spring .
31	it is not named after the season , but , like that word , derives from the meaning '' jump , burst forth , rise '' , as in a natural spring .
10	healthy venus flytraps will produce scapes of white flowers in spring ; however , many growers remove the flowering stem early ( 2 -- 3 inches ) , as flowering consumes some of the plant 's energy , and reduces the rate of trap production .
16	the gustloff volkssturmgewehr is constructed rather like many semi-automatic pistol , it has a casing and spring around the barrel ; the whole casing recoils backward .
22	the safety pin , also known as a baby pin , is a variation of the regular pin which includes a simple spring mechanism and a clasp .
20	the bridges were disassembled in the autumn , to accommodate for ice and floods , and then reassembled in the spring .
19	design and use an ear being pierced with a piercing gun traditional model the most common design uses a spring that stores potential energy when part of the ear piercing instrument is pulled back .
16	the calves are moved one at a time through narrow runs leading to a chute with spring - loaded doors .
3	an ideal hookean spring , for example , would display a straight diagonal force curve .
7	she thus represents a water source or spring which , in classical literature , is sacred to the muses and a source of poetic inspiration .
11	broadcasting strictly dance fever was normally broadcast during bbc one 's spring schedule .
6	they drew their water from a spring at the base of a small cliff on the mountain 's west slope , about from the tower via a short path .
11	the ring 's inertia energy increased when compressed , like a spring , and was also inversely proportional to its radius , and therefore proportional to its frequency ν .
5	it is usually in the spring .
23	the sense circuitry then removes power from the solenoid ( 5 ) and the contacts ( 4 ) are forced apart by a spring , cutting off the electricity supply to the appliance .
19	these include cross country and football in the fall , soccer in the winter , and baseball in the spring .
15	to celebrate its international characteristics , iuj hosts an '' international festival '' during the spring term at which students showcase their respective cultures and cuisine for the local community .
19	glenn springs is an unincorporated community in spartanburg county , south carolina , united states , located at a spring .
13	llanwrtyd wells grew as a spa town , based around the ffynnon ddrewllyd spring , which still exists .
8	in west bengal , it is associated with spring , especially through the poems and songs of nobel laureate rabindranath tagore , who likened its bright orange flame-like flower to fire .
13	from there it is another to the summit , past the lean-to and spring .
16	in his domain over agriculture , kokopelli 's flute-playing chases away the winter and brings about spring .
10	overview the united states drought of 1983 started in late spring .
2	a metal spring fixed around the edge of the rim rolls inward to fit inside the glass .
0	spring and field drainage in the peover area join to make a brook called peover eye , which runs away north-northwest and runs into the wincham brook a bit northeast of lostock gralam .
18	generally , the mass convention assembly of a large number of related family members is organized during the spring season for a period of 2 to 3 days .
2	a good spring can be found about a quarter-mile from the hollow ( headed up the mountain ) , and the 3,855-foot ( 1,175 m ) summit itself is just off-trail later .
23	while his team was viewed as the favorite going into the 78th national high school baseball invitational tournament to be held the following spring , tomakomai high was forced to withdraw from the tournament because of allegations of misconduct of some of the players .
37	prior to the construction of the victoria bridge , it was difficult and at times impossible to cross the st. lawrence river during the long winter season , as freeze up and thawing in the fall and spring made for treacherous conditions .
8	the village was famous for its mineral water spring used for healing in sanatorium , including the hawthorne and lithia springs .
20	sims are able to build snowmen during the winter , rake fallen leaves in autumn , jump in puddle during spring and occasionally experience heat stroke in summer .
41	a pad with many small closed cells may also be referred to as a foam , but typically only a single large closed cell is used , as the cell can expand sideways and so provides characteristics more like a long spring .
2	the first spring - loaded mechanical pencil was patented in 1877 and a twist-feed mechanism was developed in 1895 .
6	newville , pennsylvania : a big spring is dropped .
10	in some applications , the shoes are applied by powerful spring , and held off by mechanical or electro-magnetic force .
33	in archery , the bulk of elastic energy is stored in the throwing device , rather than the projectile ; arrow shafts can therefore be much smaller , and have looser tolerance for spring constant and weight distribution than atlatl darts .
29	governor general william henry harrison ordered a fort built as well as a number of other defensive structures including a large stockade , garrison , blockhouses , and a spring .
18	however , on december 29 , it was announced that the roof would not be repaired until the spring of 2011 .
1	a spring fastened to the bottom of the wood .
3	other tasks included spring manufacture , construction of stainless steel footwarmers , and assembly of pantographs for electric trains , with a staff of 720 employed during 1966 .
5	san felipe springs is a spring in val verde county , texas .
6	c.j. came back to town in spring 2002 , with a huge chip on his shoulder for everyone , especially the forresters .
29	today , many clothes-pegs ( also clothespins ) are manufactured very cheaply by creating two interlocking plastic or wooden prongs , in between which is often wedged a small spring .
12	formed on a natural depression , underneath the ground is a fresh-water spring that feeds the aqueduct , artificial pools and canals that are a characteristic of the park .
7	is the day before the beginning of spring in japan .
2	inconel x750 spring gaskets gaskets are the mechanical seals , or packings , used to prevent the leakage of a gas or fluids from valves .
20	in romanian mythology , baba dochia , or the old dokia , is a figure identified with the return of spring .
45	there are additives , such as stp ( r ) oil treatment , and some racing oils such as purol , brad penn and valvoline vr-1 , which are available in the retail market with the necessary amount of zddp for engines using increased valve spring pressures .
42	at a cost of # 6,000 , it was an irregular oval shape with a 100 yards ( 91 metres ) straight section for racing ; a paved surround and changing rooms were built and the pool was fed by an underground spring .
14	october is commonly associated with the season of autumn in the northern hemisphere and spring in the southern hemisphere , where it is the seasonal equivalent to april in the northern hemisphere and vice versa .
6	the location is an origin of spring and a path of vavali river and the festival is in rainy season .
8	its natural habitat consists of river and freshwater spring , which are threatened by habitat loss .
26	its first mile remains relatively level as it follows the brook on that side closely , passing the lean-to site on that side and a developed spring .
52	'' blue , the color of sapphire , deep water , skies , loyalty and melancholy '' gently flowing : slow , with chords used to depict the lapping of water against a moored boat or a pier '' green , the color of emerald , hope , youth , joy , spring and victory '' moderato : a double fugue ( which has been described as '' schoenbergian '' ) on violas , strings , clarinets and woodwinds , leading to a triumphant climax revision in 1932 , bliss revised the coda of the first two movements .
2	a freshwater spring was found on the tributary in the area , which caused henry flagler to build the private miami water company ( where a miami-dade water and sewer treatment plant is currently located ) there in 1899 .
9	he suggested replacing the clock 's pendulum with a spring , and standardizing the number of escapement per hour .
3	the main permanent spring , sar cheshmeh make the region fertile for agriculture and gardening .
0	spring force restrains the moving iron .
11	his role is to predict whether there will be an early spring .
8	location sunset at namsen the river begins in spring in børgefjell national park , just over the border in nordland county .
8	finally , a muscle can behave like a spring which extends linearly as a force is applied .
4	series elastic actuators a spring can be designed as part of the motor actuator , to allow improved force control .
35	shafer has theorized that frightful cave may have been part of a seasonal round made by these hunter-gatherer groups , which , along with other cave in the area , would have been inhabited from spring through early summer , '' when foods such as flowers , bulbs , fruits and plums were available .
8	the meres were fed from a fresh water spring 2,000 feet ( 600 m ) inland , linked to the meres by an underground stone channel .
6	vanished villages unearthed right near a spring , roughly 750 m east of the ortsteil of herschweiler and under a tailing heap formerly used by the hard-stone quarry , were a villa rustica 's foundations , in work done by wilhelm jordan between 1958 and 1961 for the speyer archaeological monument care ( archäologische denkmalpﬂege speyer ) .
31	as for the ahlenbornerhof , the ending -- hof means '' farm '' or '' estate '' , and the syllables to which that is sufﬁxed apparently refer to an old spring , for the homestead once lay near one ( this would be bei einem alten brunnen in modern high german ) .
12	its natural habitat are temperate forest , freshwater marsh , and freshwater spring .
3	it flowers in spring , from may to august , and produces seed from july to september .
19	history as of 1850 , the lake was used as a bathing lake and a resort area in the spring .
37	according to a letter written in 1946 by the horse heaven postmaster , frank e. lewis , the name for the settlement stemmed from herds of horses that thrived on the local grasses and drank from unfenced spring .
15	for example , special mushrooms bestow the player with a bee , boo , or spring suit .
7	the site itself consists of a small spring - fed pool of '' bad water '' next to the road in a sink ; the accumulated salt of the surrounding basin make it undrinkable , thus giving it the name .
17	the month of february & march fall in the transitional season from winter to summer described as spring or '' basant '' .
8	this he named izumiya , literally meaning '' spring shop '' .
34	it is considered to be closer to wild cabbage than most other domesticated forms , and is grown primarily in northern europe , where its tolerance of cold winter is valued for an early spring supply of edible leaves .
16	these flashlights can also be distinguished by the technique used to store the energy : a spring , a flywheel , a battery or a capacitor .
22	however , in common with most other subduction zones , the outer margin is slowly being compressed , similar to a giant spring .
8	it is commonly used in conjunction with a spring ( which acts to resist displacement ) .
18	waypoints have traditionally been associated with distinctive features of the real world , such as rock formations , spring , oases , mountain , buildings , roadways , waterways , railways , and so on .
63	what causes the mri ? a simple model of mri in a magnetized , perfectly conducting fluid , the magnetic forces behave in some very important respects as though the elements of fluid were connected with elastic bands : trying to displace such an element perpendicular to a magnetic line of force causes an attractive force proportional to the displacement , like a spring under tension .
27	retractors can also be self retaining and not need to be held once inserted by having two or more opposing blades or hooks which are separated via spring , ratchet , worm gear or some other method and pull on opposite sides of a wound .
13	the elastic response of viscoplastic materials can be represented in one-dimension by hookean spring elements .
1	in spring , the roads are lined with wildflower , dominated by the texas bluebonnet .
16	it is responsible for california 's typically dry summer and fall and typically wet winter and spring , as well as hawaii 's year-round trade winds .
19	attractions manatee springs state park is located west of town ; the crystal-clear water is a '' first-magnitude '' spring that flows directly into the suwannee river .
6	compared to the common use of spring , strut , and shock absorber in a car suspension , nivomat replaces all of these components with a single unit per wheel which provides damping , ride control , and a self-levelling function .
1	during spring , the plant bursts into beautiful massed displays of white pea flowers .
10	mechanics the simplest freewheel device consists of two saw-toothed , spring - loaded discs pressing against each other with the toothed sides together , somewhat like a ratchet .
5	the silo can also be spring - loaded to gradually squeeze the organs through the pouch into the opening and return them into the body .
6	howard springs , was a historical spring , located in the stream channel of howard draw at an elevation of 2031 feet , just north of the mouth of government canyon at its confluence with howard draw in what is now crockett county , texas .
5	it is found in freshwater spring , irrigated land , and canal and ditches .
16	the village is situated on the ancient road icknield way and is the location where several spring form a small pool called the lyde .
12	bonchurch high street has an adjacent landscaped pond , fed by a spring , on the site of former withy beds .
20	derived formulas tensional stiffness of a uniform bar we may view a rod of any elastic material as a linear spring .
8	another style of electrically powered damper uses a spring - return mechanism and a shaded-pole synchronous motor .
8	the iron-rich waters of chalice well , a spring at the base of the tor , flow out as an artesian well impregnating the sandstone around it with iron oxide that have reinforced it to produce the caprock .
6	if flow is large enough a spring occurs and becomes the start of a creek or river .
58	types stream in arkhangelsk oblast , russia a rocky creek in spearfish canyon , us creek in australia wyming brook in sheffield , uk brook in the bay of fundy , canada a low level stream in macon county , illinois ; brook : a stream smaller than a creek , especially one that is fed by a spring or seep .
20	its natural habitat are temperate forest , temperate shrubland , swamp , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , irrigated land , and canal and ditches .
9	this air pressure pushes against the force of a spring located in the wastegate actuator to allow the wastegate to open and re-direct exhaust gas so that it does not reach the turbine wheel .
7	disks are designed such that either a spring or , more recently , rotational inertia in the platters is used to park the heads in the case of unexpected power loss .
6	western campaign , 1940 in the spring of 1940 , walter horten , jagdgeschwader 26 technical officer , was invited to participate in a '' mock combat '' with a bf 109e .
8	the cantata relates to the customs around welcoming spring , and the cleansing of springs of detritus at the end of winter .
3	from winter to spring , it bears peppery-smelling flower with 5 oval petal opening white , then turning pale pink , usually with an irregular crimson-magenta mark at the base .
5	but macroscopic systems , like spring and capacitor , are accurately described by classical theories like classical mechanics and classical electrodynamics .
13	it also came with a host of options including shock absorbers with sports spring sets , strut bars for the front and rear , mechanical lsd , enhanced air filter and a stainless steel and ceramic muffler .
18	the release process involved two pyrotechnic bolt being fired to release the satellite which was launched using a spring - loaded mechanism , a pin in a curved groove to impart a spin in the satellite .
10	mirabilis coccinea , the scarlet four o'clock , is a spring wildflower native to the southwestern united states and northwestern mexico .
22	the day was introduced as a more efficient alternative to individually celebrating a number of holidays honoring various minor saints in the spring .
30	in mechanical clocks , the power source is typically either a weight suspended from a cord or chain wrapped around a pulley , sprocket or drum ; or a spiral spring called a mainspring .
7	other kinds of resistance machines friction machines spring - loaded machines ( such as bowflex ) fan-loaded machines fluid-loaded machines bullworker hydraulic equipment whole body vibration outdoor gym pneumatic exercise equipment soloflex stretchtrainer endless-path machines the gymnasticon , an early exercise machine resembling a stationary bicycle stationary bicycles exercise bicycle running/walking machines treadmill elliptical trainer elliptical machines ellipticals ( elliptical machines ) are a combination of stair-climbing and a treadmill .
11	the campaign was mostly featured during the channel 's winter , spring , summer , and fall previews .
8	it is suspended by a low-loss planer metal spring centered in a 27.4 cm diameter cylinder .
13	the hydraulic working fluid is basically incompressible , leading to a minimum of spring action .
9	spring-piston guns operate by means of a coiled steel spring - loaded piston contained within a compression chamber , and separate from the barrel .
15	at ascension , in honor of the zwölf-röhren-brunnen , the beerfelder brunnenfest ( '' beerfelden spring festival '' ) takes place .
7	modern mattresses usually contain either an inner spring core or materials such as latex , viscoelastic or other flexible polyurethane foam .
22	the elimination of an available camber adjustment may reduce maintenance requirements , but if the car is lowered by use of shortened spring , the camber angle will change .
8	by the end of the 15th century , spring - driven clocks appeared in italy , and in germany .
5	usually , a comb or spring is used to hold the warp threads a bead-width apart .
21	in cultivation of vegetable in a british-type climate , the hungry gap is the gardeners ' name for the period in spring when there is little or no fresh produce available from a vegetable garden or allotment .
11	his great-grandson , a tobacco farmer named stephen , discovered a spring in the mid-19th century , while plowing the fields of the family plantation .
64	japanese spinning top with pullstrings a jumping jack toy with pullstring chainsaw starter handle attached to a pullcord pullcord on a transit bus pullchain on a train emergency brake a pullstring ( pull string , pull-string ) or pullcord ( pull cord , pull-cord ) or pullchain ( pull-chain , pull chain ) is a string , cord , or chain wound on a spring - loaded spindle that engages a mechanism when it is pulled .
34	all xevo models have a steel tube frame and the front suspension is provided via a 35 mm fork ; rear suspension is done via two double-acting hydraulic shock absorbers , with a four-position spring preload adjustment .
1	a spring rising in the cave is recorded in the 13th century '' annals of waverley abbey '' as '' ludewell '' ; other spellings through history include '' ludwell '' and '' luddwelle '' .
6	it takes its name from a spring on the property .
21	suspension suspension seatposts allow the saddle to move up and down with either a telescoping or parallelogram mechanism and incorporate a spring , an elastomer , or compressed air and possibly a damper to insulate against bumps .
22	flower are pink and bloom in tight clusters at the top of leafless , fleshy stems above the leaves from mid - spring to autumn .
21	tulips are also popular in australia and several festivals are held in september and october , during the southern hemisphere 's spring .
14	purification process the sifra stipulates that the zavah is required to immerse in a spring ( as opposed to the standard mikveh bath ) to obtain taharah ( purification ) .
16	there are a number of cave and caverns in xilitla , as well as many natural spring .
11	route the colne rises perennially from a subterranean river at a spring in north mymms park in hertfordshire .
25	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , river , intermittent rivers , and freshwater spring .
0	spring starts in early april and ends in late may , with average temperatures close to .
25	according to legend , he saved the people of choilley-dardenay during drought by striking the ground with his pilgrim 's staff , which caused a spring of water to bubble up .
19	the gaussian network model ( gnm ) is a representation of a biological macromolecule as an elastic mass-and - spring network to study , understand , and characterize mechanical aspects of its long-scale dynamics .
39	the text of herodotus the eupalinian aqueduct or ditch , is cited by herodotus ( histories 3.60 ) , without whom it would not have been discovered : description inside the aqueduct the tunnel took water from an inland spring , which was roofed over and thus concealed from enemies .
17	aboriginal tribes developed rituals around sugar-making , celebrating the sugar moon ( the first full moon of spring ) with a maple dance .
12	the name means '' warm water '' and refers to the warm spring located in the foothills .
35	as soon as the winter retreated , massive frankish armies were being amassed in italia , east francia , bavaria , saxony and alemannia that were going to simultaneously invade ljudevit 's lands in the spring .
1	this spring - fed pond is the source of the river westbourne ( an 18 50s - encased thames tributary ) .
17	plum orchid chrysanthemum bamboo the other four flower tiles ( or season tiles ) represent seasons : spring , summer , autumn , and winter .
26	of these species , only around 75 actually breed within the state ; the remainder are migrating or wintering species that are only present during the spring or winter months .
7	meccano magazine ' s last issue was spring 1981 .
21	'' it was suleiman who named her gülbahar ( ) , with gül meaning ' rose ' and bahar meaning ' spring ' in turkish and persian .
24	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical dry forest , subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , river , intermittent rivers , and freshwater spring .
22	nemausus , for example , was not only the gallic name for the town of nîmes but also that of its presiding spring - god .
14	, commonly called as , is regarded as one of the world 's leading spring manufacturers .
3	there are three spring in the sea , there is also a temple of lord rama named ekantha ramar temple .
9	slinky slinky is a toy , a precompressed helical spring invented by richard james in the early 1940s .
20	only a few small tributary bring water to the lake most of the water comes from a 5 m deep spring which is located at the nearrowest part of the lake .
5	it is formed by two spring - fed streams , slab camp run and trussel run , on the western flanks of spruce mountain to the north of spruce knob .
19	shoe trees may also be made of plastic or stamped sheet metal , with or without a coiled steel spring stem ; these are typically cheaper , lighter , and are better suited for traveling .
6	a cienega or cienaga is a spring that is usually wet , marshy area at the foot of a mountain , in a canyon , or on the edge of a grassland where groundwater bubbles to the surface .
19	geographic distribution i. hadei is endemic to greece , where it where it is only known from a small spring 5 km southwest of githion .
18	it has been postulated that elastic structures in series with the contractile component can store energy like a spring after being forcibly stretched .
10	they are at their most tender and juicy in the spring .
24	wattle day is a national day of celebration in australia on the first day of september , that is also the first day of spring in the southern hemisphere .
25	these '' warm-weather designs ( ... ) arrive in the shops in the us in november '' , after the autumn/winter collections and before the spring / summer collections , or generally between november/december and february in the northern hemisphere .
19	the brake shoes are held in place by reactor springs ( 2 ) and an adjuster ( 7 ) spring .
11	climbing season the most popular seasons for climbing throop peak are spring and fall because of the cooler temperatures and easy accessibility .
19	its name derives from the hometown of the first colonial settlers , sharon , connecticut , and the important spring in the village .
12	the temple is situated on a hill , approximately from the main spring in the area , the naba al-arbain .
5	it was released in late spring of 2003 after the success of '' i 'm with you '' .
4	the village has a spring which is intermittent .
32	its natural habitat are moist savanna , subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , and pastureland .
12	there are a large number of mature tree and blossom trees in spring , together with crocus and daffodils and flowerbeds that burst with color during summer .
13	halfway home is an american comedy series that aired on comedy central in spring 2007 .
26	when there was a great water shortage in 1870 , a fountain to supply people with water , was built which was fed by a natural spring .
1	commonly spring traps which kill the animal are used -- mousetrap for mice , or the larger rat trap for larger rodent like rats and squirrel .
21	the car , which was made up mostly of model t parts , was discovered to have a broken right front spring .
4	pluto had a compressed spring mechanism designed to enable it to move across the surface at a rate of 20 mm per second and to burrow into the ground and collect a subsurface sample in a cavity in its tip .
4	it rises from a spring in the chalk of the chiltern hills at dagnall , buckinghamshire and flows through hemel hempstead , kings langley and croxley green to rickmansworth where it joins the the river colne .
5	plunger the plunger is a spring - loaded rod with a small handle , used to propel the ball into the playfield .
11	the bit usually recovers from the stroke by means of a spring .
2	in the spring of 1540 , cortés returned to spain for the last time ; this was the first time that martín cortés , son of malinche , and don martín cortés met .
7	the species is most active during the spring and early summer although it may be seen into late june .
23	radium springs is best known as the location of one of the '' seven natural wonders of georgia '' : the largest natural spring in the state .
8	course the sturgeon river begins at an unnamed spring between the simcoe highlands and the western edge of the oro moraine , and just west of the community of horseshoe valley in oro-medonte .
4	its source is a spring above panther rocks camp .
1	that spring on detelinara they signed : stojan pilipović , jovan ninković and zoran milovac , who wore its nations under 21 team 's kit .
10	myskinclamp it is made of stainless steel pusher cone with spring which pushes the other steel cone which can slide on the pusher shaft and a plastic cone to hold the foreskin in place .
2	typically , spring - like attractive forces based on hooke 's law are used to attract pairs of endpoints of the graph 's edges towards each other , while simultaneously repulsive forces like those of electrically charged particles based on coulomb 's law are used to separate all pairs of nodes .
26	he was slain by yvain for attacking the latter 's cousin , sir calogrenant , in defense of the magic fountain ( or well , or spring ) .
32	this day also marks the end of the nine-day utsava called chaitra navaratri ( maharashtra ) or vasanthothsava ( telangana , andra pradesh , karnataka & tamil nadu ) ( festival of spring ) , which starts with gudi padwa ( maharashtra ) .
4	christmas lake is a spring - fed lake covering approximately in the western minneapolis suburbs of shorewood and chanhassen .
34	types of streams include creeks , tributaries , which do not reach an ocean and connect with another stream or river , brooks , which are typically small streams and sometimes sourced from a spring or seep and tidal inlets .
21	the track '' rezolucija un '' was also included on the third studio album , buđanje proleća ( the mildew of spring ) , produced by boris mladenović .
2	cserta 's spring is at the kandikó hill .
34	lumped element model in mechanical systems the simplifying assumptions in this domain are : all objects are rigid bodies ; all interactions between rigid bodies take place via kinematic pair ( joints ) , spring and dampers .
19	hooke 's law is a principle of physics that states that the force needed to extend or compress a spring by some distance is proportional to that distance .
14	despite the name , cuddie springs is an ephemeral lake , and not a spring .
14	the reverdie is an old french poetic genre , which celebrates the arrival of spring .
50	a cruise collection or resort collection , sometimes also referred to as holiday or travel collection ( collection croisière , in french ) , is an inter-season or pre-season line of ready-to-wear clothing produced by a fashion house or fashion brand in addition to the recurrent twice-yearly seasonal collections - spring / summer and autumn ( or fall ) / winter - heralded at the fashion shows in new york , london , paris and milan .
8	recent innovations include multi-colored plastic-coated paper clips and spring - fastened binder clip .
5	historically , there was a spring close to the corner of mulberry street and pearl street near blizzards run .
53	grass tetany or hypomagnesemic tetany , also known as grass staggers and winter tetany , is a metabolic disease involving magnesium deficiency , which can occur in such ruminant livestock as beef cattle , dairy cattle and sheep , usually after grazing on lush pastures of rapidly growing grass , especially in early spring .
5	as the seasons change from spring to summer , the bonds between makoto and his friends deepen and they gain new allies and insight into the horrific origins of the shadows and the dark hour .
8	native plant include wetland grasses at the natural spring fed lakes ' shorelines , and the native saharan ) the ubari oasis settlement is the second center for the kel ajjer tuareg people , after ghat .
41	movement of water and dispersion within the aquifer spreads the pollutant over a wider area , its advancing boundary often called a plume edge , which can then intersect with groundwater wells or daylight into surface water such as seep and spring , making the water supplies unsafe for humans and wildlife .
14	richard t. james in the 1940s invented the structure after he knocked over a spring and noticed that it went for a sort of walk .
17	the term '' vernal keratoconjunctivitis '' ( vkc ) is used to refer to keratoconjunctivitis occurring in spring , and is usually considered to be due to allergen .
7	course blue jay creek begins at a spring , about east of the community of sandfield on lake manitou in central manitoulin township , and at an elevation of .
5	furthermore , there are a spring - fed outdoor swimming pool in hammelbach and a campsite .
10	thunderstorm season in the usa and canada runs in the spring through summer .
8	it is also the only one with a spring ball launcher and no multiball ( presumably because of the potential for one of the balls to transition between tables ) .
19	this salamander 's natural habitat are the temperate mojave desert into great basin sagebrush shrubland ecotone , and freshwater spring riparian areas there , at elevations of .
9	the pellets are axially held in place by a spring .
18	spawning almost always occurs in the natal river , generally over a hard bottom just downstream of a spring on the river bottom feeding groundwater into the river .
1	its spring is a little north of the north norfolk village of roughton .
3	the source the spring of scarrow beck is in a small area of marsh ground in fields south of aylmerton parish church close to church lane .
20	the swimming hole by thomas eakins a swimming hole is a place in a river , stream , creek , spring , or similar natural body of water , which is large enough and deep enough for a person to swim in .
11	the name is the plural form of sauðr which means '' spring '' or '' issue of water '' .
13	elastic catenary in an elastic catenary , the chain is replaced by a spring which can stretch in response to tension .
7	these mechanical controllers used a lever , spring and a mass and were often energized by compressed air .
0	spring traps for large rodent such as rats or squirrel are powerful enough to break the animal 's neck or spine .
15	the susquehanna and tioga turnpike received a moderate amount of use , especially during the spring , when the susquehanna river was commonly used as a method of travel to new york .
5	history ojo ynez , a spring , and watering place on the old road from janos , chihuahua to the santa rita copper mine was located in the valley of the burro cienega two miles up stream from where the road crossed the stream just northeast of soldiers farewell hill .
2	during the spring many of the woods are carpeted with bluebells .
18	aboon the brae ( scots language for '' above the hill '' ) is the site of a spring .
10	april ( ) is commonly associated with the season of spring in parts of the northern hemisphere and autumn in parts of the southern hemisphere , where it is the seasonal equivalent to october in the northern hemisphere and vice versa .
8	while february 1 was the first day of spring , may 1 was the first day of summer ; hence , the summer solstice on june 25 ( now june 21 ) was midsummer .
29	huge piles , or ` tips ' , of loose rock and mining spoil had been built up over a layer of highly porous sandstone that contained numerous underground spring , and several tips had been built up directly over these springs .
32	life cycle caterpillars the caterpillar of the emperor gum moth in its last stage before pupation caterpillar can usually be found on young adult leaves between october and march ( the australian spring and summer ) .
38	different sorts of replacement industries were created with help of state subsidies both by lesjöfors and other companies during the decade after the closure of the paper mill , amongst other things wallpaper , wooden shelves and automotive spring were produced before lesjöfors ab went bankrupt in 1985 .
7	using either motor driven cables or a spring system , the pantograph can be balanced so that a light touch can readjust the height of the load ( usually a lamp ) .
4	flowers opening in the spring before the leaves have formed , funnel-shaped up to 50 mm long , bright red to orange with a darker splotch on the upper lobe .
9	reproduction and development house centipedes lay their eggs in spring .
45	within the body of the punch , there are three principal moving parts arranged in line : the punch the intermediate rod ( tumbler ) the hammer ( hammer mass ) the hammer mass is spring-loaded from the back of the punch by a large spring .
13	each paddle is connected to the row-bar and provides both balance and minor spring tension to the rowing process .
25	these thunderstorms can be a result from tropical wave , tropical cyclone , and frontal boundaries which become stationary across the region between fall and spring .
42	jufer and luginbühl link ancamna with two other consorts of the gaulish mars , litavis and nemetona , noting that none of these appear to be warrior goddesses themselves ; instead , they suggest that ancamna might have been associated with a spring .
5	big butte springs are natural spring located near the south fork of big butte creek in jackson county , oregon , about north of medford .
27	underpasses and bridges are used to facilitate many ( not all ) of the major road crossings ( the underpasses are highly prone to flooding during the spring ) .
29	geneva wheels having the form of the driven wheel were also used in mechanical watch , but not in a drive , rather to limit the tension of the spring , such that it would operate only in the range where its elastic force is nearly linear .
1	pure spring water was discovered near whetstone brook , and until '' the water cure '' closed in 1871 , the town was a curative health resort .
15	the lyrics are a straightforward description of the town 's inhabitants enjoying the season of spring .
5	if we assume an idealized spring and idealized , kinetic frictional forces , proportional to the normal force and directed oppositely to the velocity , there is another example of discontinuous acceleration .
23	one of dick 's patients was a run away drug addict by the name of amy sinclair , who gave birth in the spring of 1959 to a daughter she named nora .
2	they contain spring and/or a rubber foam and plywood combination which make the floor bouncy , soften the impact of landings and enable the gymnast to gain height when tumbling .
7	the dams were constructed to impound local spring water to supply the town of sheffield .
21	diatomic gases a diatomic gas can be modelled as two masses , m 1 and m 2 , joined by a spring of stiffness a , which is called the rigid rotor-harmonic oscillator approximation .
77	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical dry forests , subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests , dry savanna , moist savanna , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , temperate grassland , subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , rivers , intermittent rivers , shrub-dominated wetland , swamp , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , pastureland , rural gardens , urban areas , heavily degraded former forest , ponds , seasonally flooded agricultural land , and canal and ditches .
7	holi ( ) ( ) is a spring festival also known as the festival of colors or the festival of love .
27	the main charge in the arms , a fountain , is canting for the placename ending -- born , which can mean '' fountain '' or '' spring '' in german .
5	they bloom from winter to spring .
13	the horse draws its body together so that it becomes like a giant spring whose stored energy can be reclaimed for fighting or running from a predator .
4	hanwell has a reliable spring , so its toponym later changed from - weg to - welle .
10	iqbal opens the poem by welcoming bahaar the season of spring .
20	the dark color of humus ( usually black or dark brown ) helps to warm up cold soils in the spring .
18	in greek mythology , the pegaeae ( ; πηγαῖαι ) were a type of naiad that lived in spring .
8	rarefaction can be easily observed by compressing a spring and releasing it .
9	northern dikhil region during fall , winter , and spring , it experiences the most clear days statewide .
19	description the clipper mountain wilderness has rugged yellow and dark brown , horizontally striped mesa , narrow canyon with spring , and sparsely vegetated alluvial fan .
12	overview potential energy is often associated with restoring force such as a spring or the force of gravity .
11	the park is renowned for its chalybeate ( iron bearing ) spring , which is now named st. ann 's well .
22	the town is locally well known for the caledon spa and casino and for its rolling hills and yellow canola fields in spring .
4	in essence , non-linear spring are attached to the foundation in place of the soil .
15	since that time other safety innovations have included features on track , section , and spring assemblies .
10	the head is the end of the fibula with the spring or hinge .
10	pseudomonas cedrina is a gram-negative , rod-shaped bacterium isolated from spring waters in lebanon .
19	as the name implies it was extremely uncomfortable , but the discomfort was somewhat ameliorated by a long flat spring that supported the saddle and absorbed many of the shocks from rough road surfaces .
36	history early settlement an 1875 map of the area constituting the former village of rosendale the earliest recorded human habitation in rosendale was a native american village , which included a cemetery , centered around a spring that no longer exists .
32	a man performs a grab at the capital bocking usa meetup a powerbocker a pair of m60 powerizers a pair of powerskips the act of powerbocking is jumping and running with elastic-like spring - loaded stilts .
15	foxfield holds two races each year , one in the fall and another in the spring .
16	in the high mountains , they bloom in summer ; at lower elevations , in late spring .
45	fights over new technology also marked his presidency ; he opposed new clubs that enabled longer shots , citing the increasing costs and slower play that would come with longer courses , as well as the game 's traditions and integrity and a rule forbidding spring - like effects in clubs .
7	it can also be found in some spring waters and hot springs .
30	the transhumance form of herding in the sierra nevada of california still continues , as cattle , sheep or goats are moved from winter pasture in lower elevation valleys to spring and summer pasture in the foothills and alpine regions , as the seasons progress .
6	the external source can be a spring , a raised weight , or a compressed gas .
18	their needles gives them more surface area for droplet to adhere to , and they have foliage in spring and fall , therefore interception also depends on the type of vegetation in a wooded area .
8	the dry line is most common in the spring .
16	by analogy to the flow of water , a current source would be like a mountain spring - water flows from its source ( a hidden location underground ) to the surface where it is easily observed .
5	its natural habitat are freshwater spring , inland karst , and cave .
1	oleander spring ) is the capital city of aïn defla province , algeria .
10	there are two seasons of wildflower bloom - one in spring ( march -- april ) when the rhododendrons bloom , and another in the post-monsoon season ( around october ) , when the lower forests bloom ( primula , geranium , saxifraga , bistort , senecio , cotoneaster and numerous orchid ) .
26	description bisexual flower with pink , purple , blue , or white sepal and three green bract appear singly on hairy stem from late winter to spring .
8	one type of tensioner is a large industrial spring .
26	the old road came over what is now the tejon pass from what would become gorman then turned west up cuddy creek to cuddy valley its spring .
5	it is driven by a spring ( called a mainspring ) which must be wound periodically .
1	often spring are used to reduce backlash of the mechanism .
10	the term is derived from the arabic word for '' spring '' , which is used in the indian subcontinent .
6	during building a dam a strong spring was found .
16	other things associated with air and blood in ancient and medieval medicine included the season of spring , since it increased the qualities of heat and moisture ; the sanguine temperament ( of a person dominated by the blood humor ) ; hermaphrodite ( combining the masculine quality of heat with the feminine quality of moisture ) ; and the northern point of the compass .
9	wich and wych are names used to denote brine spring or well .
10	the native riparian ( populus fremontii ) grow around natural spring .
19	kwedi was also playing for croatian lower-league clubs nk zelina and nk dugo selo before joining nk radnik in spring 2011 .
22	it may ultimately be derived from celtic \* alika ' wild service tree ' or from some other pre-romance root meaning ' spring ' .
7	generally , motion compensators are implemented as spring .
15	the construction requires connection between the inner and outer , this was originally by coiled spring and has now been replaced by stretched rubber , the manufacturer claims this gives the elastic feature for which the product is named , it is not clear if this translates to improved efficiency or if the increased environmental cost of manufacture outweighs this .
10	because metal frames are more rigid , some models have spring loaded hinges to help them grip the wearer 's face better .
18	a field during summer in belgium summer is the warmest of the four temperate season , falling between spring and autumn .
23	that article and subsequent follow-ups started a similar egg-balancing craze in the united states , but transposed to the vernal equinox beginning western spring on march 20 or 21 when the sun is at the celestial longitude of 0 ° .
18	tree growth rings are a result of winter rest , as there is rapid growth in the warmer spring , then slower growth later in the year .
4	the area has numerous spring and seep .
10	foghorn falls to the earth , landing on a bed spring .