22	tracking the spy ring lonsdale visited the krogers regularly at their home in ruislip in 1959 the cia received letters from a mole , codenamed sniper ( who later turned out to be michael goleniewski ) .
7	typical foods include mixiotes , barbacoa , mole with turkey , tocatlán style chicken along with crystallized fruit and a dessert item called '' muégano .
13	the metre , kilogram , second , ampere , kelvin , candela and mole were defined as base units in this system and units formed from combinations of these base units were known as '' derived units '' .
10	an undercover cia operative is accused of being a russian mole , and has to go on the run to defend himself .
12	rima 's task was to tell the housemates that there was a mole when there was not .
20	it is one of the dishes most commonly served during taquizas ( taco parties ) , together with tinga , mole , chicharrón , and papas con chorizo .
19	the enthalpy of sublimation , or heat of sublimation , is defined as the heat required to sublime one mole of the substance at a given combination of temperature and pressure , usually standard temperature and pressure ( stp ) .
5	eileen roberts , a female mole who works at a local coffee shop , previously alongside margaret smith , has strong feelings for rigby and makes this very obvious .
31	philby , when he was posted in the british embassy in washington , dc , after the war , learned that us and british intelligence were searching for a british embassy mole ( cryptonym homer ) who was passing information to the soviet union , relying on material uncovered by venona .
29	a mixture of methyl isocyanate and two moles of hydrogen chloride is formed , but n-methylcarbamoyl chloride ( mcc ) forms as the mixture is condensed , leaving one mole of hydrogen chloride as a gas .
12	topics are usually covered earlier than normal ; for example , the mole is introduced in year 1 rather than in year 3 , some kinematics in year 1 instead of year 5 , and molecular biology and genetics in year 4 instead of year 6 .
14	sex between adults and juveniles it has also been recorded that certain species of mole will impregnate newborns of their own species .
17	it is not impossible , in principle , for all 6 × 10 23 atoms in a mole of a gas to spontaneously migrate to one half of a container ; it is only fantastically unlikely -- so unlikely that no macroscopic violation of the second law has ever been observed .
91	abundant and all-year-long running streams as well as rich vegetation enable well-matched conditions for the habitat of fauna such as deer ( cervidae ) , roe deer ( capreolus capreolus ) , wild boar ( sus scrofa ) , grey wolf ( canis lupus ) , brown bear ( ursus arctos ) , red fox ( vulpes vulpes ) , wildcat ( felis silvestris ) , lynx , european pine marten ( martes martes ) , beech marten ( martes foina ) , weasel , rabbit , squirrel , hedgehog , mole , bat , european badger ( meles meles ) and european otter ( lutra lutra ) .
2	suspecting a mole due to the loss of several soviet agents that year , hathaway launched an investigation which culminated in the exposure in 1994 of aldrich ames , several years after hathaway 's retirement .
34	in addition to houses , some of which are decorated with mosaics and wallpaintings , a number of public buildings have come to light , such as those in the agora and the harbor mole .
7	completing the soricomorpha are two species of mole .
4	as big brother 's mole , she was not eligible to win .
12	hogan eventually turned zodiac against his stablemates by revealing him as a mole .
17	the afr in mass units is employed in fuel oil fired furnaces , while volume ( or mole ) units are used for natural gas fired furnaces .
13	before venturing into the caverns , charlie needs to search for a lunar mole on the moon 's surface .
13	it is not unheard of for mexican americans to serve their turkey with mole and roasted corn .
6	it was stated explicitly that a mole with the gia terrorists informed the french , but not algerian , authorities that the intention was to use the aircraft as a missile to attack paris .
8	where the two streets meet there is a mole used by local fishing boats ( and for car parking ) .
10	some of the traditional foods here include several types of mole ( negro , rojo , amarillo , coloradito and more ) , chichilo , tasajo , tamales in banana leaves and tacos with chapulines ( fried grasshoppers ) .
34	an estimated 1,000 flak guns of all calibres protected the base and adding complication to the danger was the realisation that gneisenau was only about 500 yd ( 460 m ) from a harbor mole , requiring extremely accurate torpedo drops .
11	two aspects which feature prominently on altars in this state are mole with turkey and large wax candles .
26	inscription reads : to the glory of god and in memory of these three officers and one mechanic of the royal navy who fell on the mole at zeebrugge on st george 's day 1918 and have no known grave wing commander brock f. a. o.b.e. lieutenant commander harrison a. l . v.c. lieutenant hawkins c.e.v. mechanic second class f/50269 rouse j. wing commander frank arthur brock ( 29 june 1888 -- 23 april 1918 ) was a british officer of the royal air force who devised and executed the smoke screen used during the zeebrugge raid on 23 april 1918 , in the british royal navy 's attempt to neutralize the key belgian port of bruges-zeebrugge during the first world war .
15	the molar heat capacity is the heat capacity per unit amount ( si unit : mole ) of a pure substance and the specific heat capacity , often simply called specific heat , is the heat capacity per unit mass of a material .
12	an east german , constantine vishnevsky , has offered information regarding a mole within mi6 , in exchange for safe passage for himself and his family to the west .
14	for the fuel carrying salts , generally 1 % or 2 % ( by mole ) of uf 4 is added .
106	following are some foods and the amount of magnesium in them : black-eyed peas ( 1/2 cup ) = 45 mg buckwheat flour ( 100g ( 4 oz ) ) = 250 mg halibut ( 100g ( 4 oz ) ) = 107 mg milk : low fat ( 1 cup ) = 40 mg oats ( 100g ( 4 oz ) ) = 235 mg peanut butter ( 2 tablespoons ) = 50 mg spinach ( 1/2 cup ) = 80 mg wholemeal bread ( 1 slice ) = 25 mg biological chemistry mg 2 + is the fourth-most-abundant metal ion in cells ( per mole ) and the most abundant free divalent cation -- as a result , it is deeply and intrinsically woven into cellular metabolism .
5	drilbur , known as the mole pokémon , burrows underground at more than 50 km/h .
11	some common noble species in redwall include mice , otter , mole , hare , squirrel , hedgehog , shrew , bird , vole , and badger , while common vermin include rat , fox , weasel , ferret , raven , snake , stoat , ermine , sable , wildcat , magpie , rook , and crow .
15	as an example , in microscopic physics , to describe a system consisting of a mole of carbon-12 atoms we need of the order of 10 23 ( avogadro 's number ) variables , while to describe it as a macroscopic system ( 12 grams of carbon-12 ) we only need a few .
13	one of those who attended those early meetings was george blake , a mole in the british intelligence apparatus .
14	part of the wharf was filled in between 1879 and 1882 , creating a mole .
8	rené la taupe ( english : rené the mole ) is a virtual singing character created in 2009 by fox mobile group studios .
31	solid state synthesis in the solid state reaction method bismuth oxide ( bi 2 o 3 ) and iron oxide ( fe 2 o 3 ) in a 1 : 1 mole ratio are mixed with a mortar , or by ball milling and then fired at elevated temperatures .
30	he founded a special camp outside moscow ( towards kiev ) and trained a selection of handpicked men ( usually ex-military officers ) to act as handlers of his various mole .
4	digger digger is a mole who joins pocky 's team to avoid losing face in front of his friends .
10	the canadian government continues to insist that there was no mole involved .
24	on 22/23 april 1918 , captain carpenter was in command of vindictive which was to land a force of 200 royal marines on the mole at zeebrugge at the start of the zeebrugge raid .
8	soricomorphs the order soricomorpha includes the shrew and mole as well as two families known only from the greater antilles and surrounding islands .
13	ratzi investigates another of the suicides , that of professor tope ( a mole ) , pioneer of automaton engineering .
42	of course , from the above relationships , for solids one writes for pure homogeneous chemical compound with established molecular or molar mass or a molar quantity is established , heat capacity as an intensive property can be expressed on a per mole basis instead of a per mass basis by the following equations analogous to the per mass equations : where n is the number of moles in the body or thermodynamic system .
18	a regularly used toilet area or dunghill , created by many mammals , such as the hyrax or mole is also called a midden .
23	he participated in the famous raid on zeebrugge led by commodore roger keyes , cmbs being used to lay smoke screens outside the mole to cover the escape of the crews of the blockships .
28	baranov had been recruited by the u.s. central intelligence agency ( cia ) and agreed to spy for them , but was betrayed to the russians by a mole in either the federal bureau of investigation ( fbi ) or the cia and spent five years in prison before being released .
39	when the heat of fusion is referenced to a unit of mass , it is usually called the specific heat of fusion , while the molar heat of fusion refers to the enthalpy change per amount of substance in mole .
14	atp recycling the total quantity of atp in the human body is about 0.2 mole .
16	on september 1 , 2006 a special operation named '' operação facção toupeira '' ( operation mole faction ) was started , leading the police to arrest 43 people suspect of involvement on the heist including one of the alleged masterminds , and recovering r$ 275,100 in cash .
4	as an ingredient in mole dishes , they are known in spanish as pipián .
19	molestache yuri lowenthal - ben 10 : omniverse ( in '' outbreak '' ) molestache ( a play on mole and moustache ) is an orange mole-like alien with an english accent and a yellow moustache that can be used in a variety of ways that include serving as an extra set of hands .
10	it is believed that the worm thinks there is a mole nearby and the worm escapes by going to the surface .
1	this mole lives in an underground tunnel system , which it constantly extends .
22	he would join the vichy regime 's prisoner of war aid society , the rassemblement national prisonniers de guerre , as a mole on behalf of the french resistance ; he was involved in the escape of general henri giraud .
6	the feet can be seasoned with mole sauce .
19	they bring 12 turkeys , pan de yema , chocolate , clayudas , and ingredients to make the traditional mole dish as offerings .
19	penetration by the kgb these successes were marred , however , by the penetration of asio by a kgb mole in the 1970s .
31	in the latter configuration , the two methyls are said to be in a gauche relationship , and the relative potential energy of each methyl-methyl gauche interaction is 0.9 kilocalorie per mole ( 4 kj / mol ) .
16	at the municipal market , foods such as mixiote , barbacoa , consume and turkey in mole can be found as well as pulque .
2	in one mole of any element there are atoms ( avogadro 's constant ) .
27	'' jailhouse roc : a giant flying vulture who had been in jail since the late 1950s until released to work for a.c.r.o.s.t.i.c. digger o'doom : a mole who gains tremendous strength after eating one of rodney 's carrots .
24	the magnitude of the current ( in ampere ) and the duration of the current ( second ) can be used to determine the mole of the unknown species in solution .
3	he was a mole in the kgb , spying for the federal bureau of investigation in the 1970s and 1980s before being caught and imprisoned .
3	traditional dishes include mole , corunda , tamale , uchepo , esquites , along with silversides fish from the lake prepared in various ways .
10	he is nicknamed topo - the spanish word for '' mole '' .
9	on 1 march 1917 an fl-boat hit the nieuwpoort mole and on 28 october 1917 one hit the royal navy monitor erebus .
0	mole , gophers , mice , rat and even shrew have similar characteristics and behavioral tendencies .
11	in queen sacrifice , it was revealed that she is a mole reporting to those responsible for the blackout .
30	the first class , the beasts , in the biblical parlance , includes all large , walking animals , with the exception of the amphibia , such small animals as mole , mice and the like , and humans as they were not classified as animals .
5	green or red salsa or mole is poured over the crisp tortilla triangles , called totopo .
14	she was given a secret mission to tell the housemates that there was a mole among them when in reality , there actually was not .
18	fox , opossum , raccoon , and bear eat waste beaver destroy trees gopher , groundhog , and mole destroy lawn feral cat and feral dog eat human food and carry disease white-tailed deer are now seen as pests in many suburb and exurban areas of the us , though not in more rural areas .
26	castle abducts duka , who fearfully gives up information about the saints -- whom he , too , hates , and so willingly becomes castle 's mole .
33	he fears that this will be his doom , but it turns out that this sound is coming from bells on the lead of a shrew who from this is attached to a mole .
22	the other australians were assigned to the boiler rooms of the blockship , or as part of a storming party along the mole .
28	'' she is stopped just after this and goes on to read fox 's closing remarks from the day before which refer to him washing and drying a mole in front of a fire before returning the creature to its '' chamber with his weight of grubs .
5	his animal representation is a mole , and his climate is the tropical rainforest .
76	there are colonies of herons and cormorants ( including pygmy cormorant ) , and other species include white-tailed eagle , buzzards , eurasian sparrowhawk , common spoonbill , western marsh harrier , montagu 's harrier , red-breasted goose , ferruginous duck , osprey , wild goose , stork , heron , woodcock etc. variety of mammals include wild hog , roe deer , red fox , european brown hare , muskrat , bat , hedgehog , mole , weasel , hamster , european ground squirrel , european polecat , etc. nature reserve special nature reserve of stari begej-carska bara was proclaimed in 1955 , with status being revised in 1995 .
5	dunkerque was tied alongside the mole with her stern facing the sea , so she could not return fire .
11	it was claimed at the time , by a then-unidentified bbc mole , that ross earned # 530,000 ( equivalent to # 10,000 per show ) per year for hosting his radio 2 show .
28	at 25 ° c δ g in kj · mol − 1 = 5.708 p k a ( 1 kj · mol − 1 = 1000 joule per mole ) .
14	etymology the genus name talpanas is taken from the latin word talpa , meaning mole and referring to the small size of the eyes , and the greek word anas , or duck .
11	philip meets claudia where she tells him that there is a mole working for the fbi .
18	however , this slug does have some natural predators , including the hedgehog , badger , shrew , mole , mouse , frog , toad , snake , carnivorous beetle , and some bird .
31	one u is defined as the amount of the enzyme that produces a certain amount of enzymatic activity , that is , the amount that catalyzes the conversion of 1 micro mole of substrate per minute .
35	in 1992 , it was revealed by reporter normand lester that morin had been on the payroll of the royal canadian mounted police ( rcmp ) from 1974 to 1977 as a sort of '' mole '' within the pq .
64	neighborhood celebrations are held in cuernavaca , mostly for patron saints , they include 15 may , the feast of san isidro labrador ; 13 june , the feast of san antonio in the neighborhood of san antón , with aztec dances ; 6 august , the feast of the savior or the transfiguration in ocotepec , featuring the moors and christians dance , mole , and pulque ; 10 august the feast of san lorenzo in chamilpa ; 15 august , the festival of the assumption of mary in santa maría ahuacatilán ; and 8 september , festival of nuestra señora de los milagros in tlaltenango .
16	it is defined as one kilocalorie of energy ( 1000 thermochemical gram calorie ) per one mole of substance , that is , per avogadro’s number of particles .
19	despite its outward similarity to muskrat ( a rodent ) , the russian desman is actually part of the mole family talpidae in the order soricomorpha .
15	it was not long before a shot from terrible hit a magazine on the imperial mole , which exploded causing great damage .
9	unbeknownst to the prison authorities smith was actually a mole for the imprisoned ulster volunteer force ( uvf ) leader gusty spence , passing on information about the conditions in which the internees were being held .
41	metres above the adriatic ( , , ) is the mean sea level datum used in austria and some other central and southeast europe countries to measure elevation referring to the average water level of the adriatic sea at the sartorio mole in trieste .
11	a shooting spree ensues and the gang realizes rod is a mole , forcing him to drive away at gunpoint .
13	traditionally , these two families were grouped with the hedgehog , shrew and mole in the lipotyphla .
9	the fraction of guanine + cytosine pairs is 65 mole percent .
7	however , peterson reveals himself as a mole for the defense department and tries to stop mulder from uploading the virus .
14	biography as a young student , winge was interested in small mammals , particularly mole , shrew and insectivora .
9	he listed several species of the family talpidae ( mole and related species ) from vieux collonges , including '' espèce c '' ( '' species c '' ) , which he named as a new genus and species , veratalpa lugdunensiana , in a footnote .
23	formed from '' mojado '' ( wet or dripping ) probably referring to the mint leaves in the well known cuba drink ; mole : from spanish , from nahuatl molle or molli ( '' sauce '' ) ; montana : from montaña , a mountain ; mosquito : from mosquito , literally '' little fly '' ; mulatto : from spanish or portuguese mulato meaning '' octoroon , sambo '' .
49	a typical tape measure with both metric and us units and two us pennies for comparison standardization of measurement units measurements are most commonly made in the si system , which contains seven fundamental units : kilogram , metre , candela , second , ampere , kelvin , and mole .
2	is a mole zoanthrope and a self-styled master of the traditional ninja arts .
9	wilhelm ostwald ( 1853 -- 1932 ) defines the mole , he received the nobel prize for chemistry ( 1909 ) .
15	in humans , approximately 60 percent of the energy released from the hydrolysis of one mole of atp produces metabolic heat rather than fuel the actual reactions taking place .
5	the synonymous bengal , a mole in the cincinnati bengals organization who calls in to provide anonymous rumors about the team using frequent malapropism .
10	the most common are food items such as plates of mole , tamale , sweets , fruit , hot chocolate , atole , tequila , mezcal and beer .
8	the family remedey the sir remedey is a mole and one of the supporting characters in the series .
17	mona takes advantage of thumbelina 's gratitude and tries to force her into marrying the old mr. mole .
14	the fur is waterproof , and the texture is akin to that of a mole .
8	he is recalled to hunt down a soviet mole in the '' circus '' , the highest echelon of the british secret intelligence service .
8	red foxes seem to dislike the taste of mole , but will nonetheless catch them alive and present them to their kits as playthings .
11	alternatively , in chemistry , it is also referred to one mole of substance , in which case it is called the molar entropy with a unit of .
10	in the summer of 1548 , the french observed the mole was provided with a flanker and cannon ; the english insisted it was merely to protect the workmen .
5	if one targets a 12 mole ethoxylate with a conventional alkaline earth hydroxide , one could expect to get a broad range of ethoxylates with n being anywhere from 3 to 30 moles of eo .
34	he stated that he was recruited after compromising himself during a vulnerable time in his life , but did not specify why he was vulnerable or why he would risk his life as a mole for british intelligence ( sometimes referred to as '' tout '' ) in an area such as west belfast .
34	madame xanadu retorts that she does n't need to see the future to know that the justice league will defeat him , to which he replies that he already won since he has a mole in the justice league .
27	the intelligence gathering for the operation began long before it was actually carried out ; according to one american official , colombia had managed to place a mole within the farc itself one year , if not more , before the operation .
41	i , ii mammal ; ; insectivore erinaceus europaeus praeglacialis brunner ( preglaciation european hedgehog ) sorex minutus linnaeus ( eurasian pygmy shrew ) sorex runtonensis ( hinton ) pachyura etrusca ( savi ) talpa minuta freudenberg ( a genus of mole ) the skull of petralona .
2	the word mole , according to gorin , was introduced into chemistry around 1900 by ostwald .