33	come vivrei is an enchanting italian adaption of trisha yearwood 's grammy award winning song , how do i live , whereas other classics included are the poetic kiss from a rose by seal , and crying by roy orbison , both reworked into baritone adaptions from their original versions .
25	the area also supports large colonies of sea bird such as northern gannet , shearwater , and sea ducks and various sea mammal such as seal , dolphin , and whale .
10	an english deed written on fine parchment or vellum with seal tag dated 1638 .
24	between 2002 and 2005 russell worked with will young , emma bunton ( for whom he also played drums ) , kylie minogue , seal and estelle providing production , programming and engineering for recording sessions .
4	it had its own seal starting in 1274 and in 1320 entered into a burgrecht agreement with wangen .
23	later on , in 1994 , borgarnesbær united with hraunhreppur , norðurárdalshreppur , and stafholtstungnahreppur under the name borgarbyggð , using the borgarnes seal and offices .
39	it is the last in a sequence of novels , chronologically started with the eagle of the ninth , loosely tracing a family of the roman empire , then britain , and finally norse-britain , who inherit an emerald seal ring bearing the insignia of a dolphin .
26	the videos for '' gloria '' and '' leave behind your ego '' were directed by john christopher pina ( kanye west , john legend , seal , common ) for clean sweep .
19	arie contributed vocals to '' imagine '' for the 2010 herbie hancock album , the imagine project along with seal , p!nk , jeff beck , konono n°1 , oumou sangare and others .
28	in 2001 , boutonnat directed his first video for farmer since '' beyond my control '' , her hit single '' les mots '' that she recorded with seal .
7	other decorative touches include the city 's seal on brass doorknobs and intricately molded plaster cornice .
38	other characters include lilia , who is a childhood monster girl friend of io , a monster cat friend named leche , koko , who is the daughter of a yet unknown character , and otton , the seal mascot of the game , who is described as a '' wandering panty hunter '' .
30	carlo dolci , madonna in glory , c. 1670 , oil on canvas , stanford museum , california a circle of stars often represents , and harmony in flag , seal and signs , and is also seen in iconographic motifs related to the woman of the apocalypse as well as in baroque allegoric art that sometimes depicts the crown of immortality .
21	on 23 april 2013 , monsieur adi announced on facebook and twitter that he was '' writing and producing music with seal , '' to which the british singer/songwriter later confirmed on twitter .
14	he is not descriptive , so animals including an elephant , monkey , a seal , a snake , a kangaroo & joey , and turtles are brought to jon 's house for the reward .
24	paleobiology fossil remains of many other animals -- including baleen whale , beaked whale , dolphin , porpoise , shark , sea turtle , seal and sea bird -- have been found at the same site where the remains of l. melvillei have been excavated .
6	one example is the drinking of seal blood : '' inuit food generates a strong flow of blood , a condition considered to be healthy and indicative of a strong body .
8	the island is a haven for seabirds and seal .
8	a vellum deed dated 1638 , with pendent seal attached .
14	the playbill distributed on opening night of a broadway show is stamped with a seal on the cover and the date appears on the title page within the magazine .
35	zeno had defined impressions of sense as '' an impression in the soul '' and this was interpreted literally by cleanthes , who compared the impression on the soul to the impression made by a seal on wax .
18	it was also the first time since '' les mots '' ( 2001 ) , the duet with seal , that a farmer 's single did not reach its peak position in its first week on the french singles chart .
10	animals such as shark , stingray , weever fish , seal and jellyfish can sometimes present a danger .
8	ethnology while some copper inuit did not eat seal and caribou at the same meal , pallirmiut did , as did akuliakattagmiut , kangiryuarmiut , kogluktogmiut , nagyuktogmiut , noahonirmiut , and puiplirmiut .
10	70 kilometres to the north of the town is the seal colony of cape cross .
7	she was married to english b singer seal from 2005 until 2012 .
32	walsingham 's staff in england included the cryptographer thomas phelippes , who was an expert in deciphering letters and forgery , and arthur gregory , who was skilled at breaking and repairing seal without detection .
15	there are many arctic fox and arctic hare in the area and an abundance of seal and walrus which are hunted .
43	the ability to '' piggyback '' or use various animal companions , called '' animal buddies '' , returns from its predecessor , such as squitter the spider , glimmer the anglerfish , rambi the rhino , rattly the rattlesnake , nerk the seal , enguarde the swordfish , and squawks the parrot , which can boost the gameplay experience , proving advantageous at certain points in a level or the whole level overall .
26	schumacher also served as the director for the music videos of two songs appearing in the franchise : '' kiss from a rose '' , by seal , and '' the end is the beginning is the end '' , by the smashing pumpkins ( co-directed with jonathan dayton and valerie faris ) .
2	ba'alis 's seal ( shown on the cover of the issue of biblical archaeology review , where this article was first published ) is made of brown agate with white bands and is in fact quite tiny ( 0.5 inches in diameter and 0.2 inches thick ) .
14	'' but canada and eu remain at odds over an eu ban on importing seal products and canada 's visa requirement for the eu citizens of the eu member states of romania and bulgaria .
59	typical o-ring and application an o-ring , also known as a packing , or a toric joint , is a mechanical gasket in the shape of a torus ; it is a loop of elastomer with a round cross-section , designed to be seated in a groove and compressed during assembly between two or more parts , creating a seal at the interface .
20	archaeological excavations conducted over a period of years in the latter 1900s have revealed evidence of bear , marten , seal and porpoise , but also elucidate mesolithic hunting and gathering technologies through discovery of bone spear , elk antler harpoon and flint .
9	a khelrtva ( ) is a calligraphic monogram , seal or signature of the georgian monarchs , patriarchs , royal and noble princes .
2	władysław 's seal , dated to 1317 .
17	in 1862 argentine pilot luis piedrabuena established a shelter near port cook , and built a small seal oil extraction facility on the island .
9	the inspiration for the dannebrog pennant was a 13th-century seal used by erik abelsøn , duke of schleswig .
10	she was judged for treason and for the forgery of seal .
40	downtown music publishing ( downtown , dmp ) is a music rights management firm representing a roster of songwriters and catalogs including the beatles , john lennon & yoko ono , the kinks , hans zimmer , mötley crüe , seal , and ellie goulding , and neon trees .
15	he soon began to produce songs for well-known artists such as sting , madonna , seal , sarah mclachlan , nsync , britney spears , diana ross and mike oldfield .
27	anthony callea , vanessa amorosi and former pussycat dolls member ashley roberts all publicly expressed interest in coaching roles , however keith urban , delta goodrem , seal and joel madden were ultimately confirmed as the four coaches for the first season .
11	activity in the region flourished as trading in sea otter and seal boomed .
7	bobbie ( stacey depass ) - the seal hostess of the second season , replacing claude .
5	the city also has a seal that can be seen in a few places in the inner city .
1	( seal ) ( 1963-1981 ) sold to stapletask ltd , sittingbourne , kent , england .
4	some are reportedly enlarged seal - breathing holes .
12	in old faroese folklore it was believed that on twelfth night the seal came out of the sea , stripped off their seal-skins and became human beings , dancing on the shore .
23	since moving to london , allen has shared the stage with artists such as emmylou harris , mark knopfler , kt tunstall , seal and josé gonzález .
14	michael mehle of the rocky mountain news positively noted that the song possessed '' seal - like r & b '' qualities .
18	he has performed with many other artists , including madonna , leonard cohen , tears for fears , seal , chris isaak , melissa etheridge , pink , christina aguilera , kevin gilbert , jewel , stevie nicks , ziggy marley , rosanne cash , sara bareilles , the the , john hiatt , grace slick , and joanna wang .
22	coat of arms the coat of arms of the borough of poole the design of the coat of arms originated in a seal from the late 14th century and were recorded by clarenceux king of arms during the heraldic visitation of dorset in 1563 .
13	more than twenty years on , he is still active , producing with seal , tina turner , paul mccartney , tom jones , cher , simple minds , belle and sebastian , t.a.t.u. , charlotte church , captain , pet shop boys and robbie williams among his many credits .
38	california ( uc berkeley ) gold this is a shade of gold identified by the university of california , berkeley in their graphic style guide for use in on-screen representations of the gold color in the university 's seal .
11	seals at play ( ???? -- 2007 ) -- a small seal exhibit which featured two separate enclosures under a circular shade .
6	in the audition , he sang seal 's '' kiss from a rose '' and prince 's '' purple rain '' at the boot camp .
8	his credits include albums for depeche mode , seal , sam smith , ian brown , kylie minogue , sting , paloma faith , olly murs , the kooks and u2 .
31	saber has earned a reputation for diversity in his production and remixing talents , as the genres of the artists with whom he has worked have included pop ( madonna , seal ) , rock ( david bowie , u2 , the rolling stones ) , heavy metal ( ozzy osbourne , korn , marilyn manson ) , hip-hop ( busta rhymes , public enemy , jadakiss ) , and more .
20	'' and t-pain 's '' i 'm in love with a stripper '' as well as prominent artists such as seal , johnny cash and more earning him awards and accolades as prestigious as both , international and american , 2004 remix artist of the year .
15	pearce auditioned for the 6th series of the x factor in 2009 , by singing seal 's '' kiss from a rose '' .
1	the seal of bishop william de lamberton .
3	i. am , seal , bono , mary j. blige , and faith hill , with david foster appearing on piano .
0	seal are known to inhabit the sound in various locations along the coast and on the islands .
13	in the 1990s artists like hootie & the blowfish , janet jackson , seal , mariah carey , celine dion , sheryl crow , and others were added .
22	the finds included the unlooted tomb of a queen thought to be queen puabi -- the name is known from a cylinder seal found in the tomb , although there were two other different and unnamed seals found in the tomb .
18	future plans for the district include continuing to grow reindeer farming and related enterprises as well as developing seal fisheries .
13	in a symbolic vote , all present approved , and puyi stamped his seal to enact the law , ending the manchukuo government after 13 years and five months .
2	the original seal was designed by harry edwards and cost $ 65.00 .
17	the mail ( i.e. its postage stamp ) was cancelled by a standard circular bulgarian handstamping cancellation seal ( metal issue ) with an inscription '' poste bulgare antarktika tangra 1091 '' on its periphery and date/hour counter in the center .
5	relations with william of scotland seal of william i , king of scots .
5	his headstone features the ramones seal with the line '' i feel so safe flying on a ray on the highest trails above '' taken from his song '' highest trails above '' , from the ramones ' subterranean jungle album .
20	it is active in over 40 countries and describes its mission as the development of '' engineered polymer solutions that seal , damp and protect critical applications in demanding environments .
12	the world 's only mainland royal albatross colony and several penguin and seal colonies lie within the city boundaries on the otago peninsula .
2	edmund 's seal ( 19th-century reproduction by henri d'arbois de jubainville ) life edmund soon obtained , however , important possessions and dignities , for soon after the forfeiture of simon de montfort , 6th earl of leicester on 25 october 1265 , edmund received the earldom of leicester and later that of lancaster .
4	the beothuk pursued the seal and salmon fisheries in the area .
4	he then toured with seal , with whom he was seen by many record producer around los angeles , california which led to session work .
36	despite the fish-like appearance , it is not either a fish or an amphibian , it can not breathe underwater and though a good swimmer , it needs to come up for air , like a seal , whale , polar bear or penguin .
24	cultural depictions in the jungle book by rudyard kipling , limmershin , the winter wren , is the narrator of the '' the white seal '' story .
5	it was also covered by seal as the last track on his soul 2 album released in 2011 .
4	often at least one seal can be seen in or close to the harbor .
20	loki is a shape shifter and in separate incidents he appears in the form of a salmon , mare , seal , a fly , and possibly an elderly woman .
12	'' ca n't stop the river '' is a song written by seal and peter gordeno .
41	overloading a converter can result in several failure modes , some of them potentially dangerous in nature : overheating : continuous high levels of slippage may overwhelm the converter 's ability to dissipate heat , resulting in damage to the elastomer seal that retain fluid inside the converter .
2	he brought seal , simply red , vangelis , mike oldfield , enya , and cher to the uk label and in 1997-98 warner added mark morrison , brit award winner shola ama , indie group catatonia , and teenage girl band cleopatra to the uk .
38	impact on energy consumption air curtains can be used to save energy by reducing the heat transfer ( via mass transfer when air mixes across the threshold ) between two spaces , although a closed and well - seal physical door is much more effective .
28	guided walks are available in the village , and boat trips can be taken from the harbor to view the coastline which can offer sightings of dolphin and seal .
18	it can be identified by its constantly dripping mane and by its skin , which is like a seal 's but cold to the touch .
19	in 1811 a party of aleut from russian alaska landed on san nicolas in search of sea otter and seal .
12	captain ahab scoffs at this , saying they have merely passed a seal colony in the night .
4	findings include a steatite seal with indus script probably used for trading goods , impressions of seals on a terracotta lump of burnt clay , chert blade , copper implements , terracotta bead and bangle and typical standardised pottery of the indus valley civilization .
35	since the late 1970s , she has worked mainly in the united kingdom and collaborated with various british artists such as gerry rafferty , ray jackson , lindisfarne , george michael , paul young , seal and marc almond .
23	since then , ruslan has been touring , performing and recording with major artists ( in addition to clarke ) , such as seal , josh groban , al jarreau , ne-yo , chick corea , eric benét , marcus miller , dennis chambers , rachelle ferrell , diane warren , los angeles philharmonic and countless others .
8	since then they are only seen in the seal of the town .
23	economy historical background during the 15th -- 16th centuries , the main occupations of the tersky coast population were atlantic salmon fishing , seal hunting , and the extraction of salt from the sea water .
13	seal-top spoon silver , end of handle in the form of a circular seal ; popular in england in the later 16th and 17th centuries spork , sporf , spife , splayd etc. differing combinations of a spoon with a fork or knife stroon - a straw with a spoon on the end for eating slush puppies etc. cooking and serving utensils spoons primarily used in food preparation , handling or serving , in the kitchen or at the table .
5	holloway was apprenticed to a seal engraver named stent at a young age .
13	the main sources of livelihood for the residents of this town are hunting seal , walrus , and whale , which is done as part of the municipal agricultural enterprise '' nanuk '' ( ) .
6	paleobiology cryptoclidus oxoniensis due to their seal - like body plan , small plesiosaurs such as cryptoclidus have been depicted as amphibious animals instead of fully marine reptiles .
8	industries in kangiqsualujjuaq include hunting of caribou , seal and beluga whale , arctic char fishing , and the production of inuit art .
4	azarashi chap - a seal .
3	the fiat was seal in the home office and issued to the applicant who filed it in the central office of the high court of justice , and a sealed copy was served on the treasury solicitor , with a demand for a response on behalf of the crown .
0	seal , sea lion , and walrus are popular pinniped in the media .
10	at the circus , tiny introduces panny to a local seal .
18	carin has worked with amnesty international , greenpeace , 4 seasons of hope for fundraising events playing with seal , elvis costello , the chieftains , spinal tap , and many others .
9	'' waiting for you '' is a song by seal .
13	each level must review , add information as necessary , and stamp or seal that the submittal was examined and approved by that party .
11	the skf group currently consists of approximately 150 companies including the seal manufacturer chicago rawhide .
12	at guildhall , the outgoing lord mayor transfers the mayoral insignia the seal , the , the sword and the mace to the incoming lord mayor .
11	in old english law , a cocket was a custom house seal ; or a certified document given to a shipper as a warrant that his goods have been duly entered and have paid duty .
8	personal life banks was romantically linked to musician seal , film director john singleton and actor will smith in the 1990s .
42	uss walrus ( ss-437 ) , a world war ii -class submarine , was the third ship of the united states navy to be named for the walrus , a gregarious , aquatic mammal found in arctic waters , related to the seal and a prime source of leather , oil , ivory , and food .
7	endangered marine species include the dugong , seal , turtle , and whale .
16	at least from the early 14th century , so called '' tran boats '' or '' seal boats '' lay fastened to poles on the water around the area .
18	the importance of the galley to the sea-kings of the crovan dynasty is illustrated in its implementation upon seal that certain members are known to have used .
34	by an act of 1388 no servant or labourer , man or woman , however , could depart out of the hundred to serve elsewhere unless bearing a letter patent under the king 's seal stating the cause of going and time of return .
23	in 2005 , he was the music director of the argent mortgage orchestrated concert series , which included shows with leann rimes , seal , jewel ( singer ) and duran duran .
85	beggs has also worked with bands and artists such as abc , alphaville , belinda carlisle , celtus , china crisis , cliff richard , cozi , curiosity killed the cat , ream , engelbert humperdinck , gary numan , go west , howard jones , iona , keke , kim wilde , maddy prior , mark shaw , michael bolton , midge ure , nena , nick heyward , nik kershaw , polysics , rick waller , right said fred , naked eyes , seal , stefano ianne , steve hackett , steve howe , t'pau , terl bryant , then jerico , there she was , tina turner , tom mcrae , tony hadley , toyah willcox , troy donockley and warren cuccurullo .
8	toppies come in two varieties : the blue seal featured in the japanese famicom ice climber release , and the short yeti seen in western versions and vs. ice climber .
13	'' 1825 september - '' 3 amphibious quadrupeds , alive , of the seal tribe .
5	possible changes in design the seal of john moidartach ( from 1572 ) .
6	muck is also known for its seal population , and for the porpoise in the surrounding waters .
10	he has often worked with producer trevor horn including for seal and rod stewart .
11	ken jeong as short fuse , an explosive and demolitions expert seal and a member of the north wind .
17	it also consumes foraminifer , amphipod , bryozoa , hydrozoa , polychaete worms and sponge and also seal faeces when available .
4	in 1556 , the seal of duncan mccorquodale of phantelane bore the legend , '' s. duncan .
25	the animals that the visitors could contemplate at the opening were eagle , chicken , duck , owl , rabbit , a fox , a seal in a bathtub and a turtle in a bucket .
29	'' may god hear '' ) is a biblical hebrew personal name that appears in the bible for several different individuals , and has been found on an onyx seal dating from the 6th century bce .
6	the coastal iñupiat hunt walrus , seal , beluga whale , and bowhead whale .
15	craig , who lives in melbourne , was coached in the program by british singer seal .
14	the first representation of the castle dates back to 1307 , imprinted on the seal allowed to the city by albert ii .
81	these materials include : low-density flexible foam used in upholstery , bedding , and automotive and truck seating low-density rigid foam used for thermal insulation and rtm cores soft solid elastomers used for gel pads and print rollers low density elastomers used in footwear hard solid plastics used as electronic instrument bezels and structural parts flexible plastics used as straps and bands polyurethane foam is widely used in high resiliency flexible foam seating , rigid foam insulation panels , microcellular foam seal and gasket , durable elastomeric wheels and tires , automotive suspension bushings , electrical potting compounds , seals , gaskets , carpet underlay , and hard plastic parts ( such as for electronic instruments ) .
1	the seal of bishop william de bondington .
25	subsistence activities are a large part of the culture for indigenous people and nanwalek is no exception , especially when it comes to salmon and seal harvesting .
6	origin of the earls of lancaster seal of edmund crouchback after the supporters of henry iii of england suppressed opposition from the english nobility in the second barons ' war , henry granted to his second son edmund crouchback the titles and possessions forfeited by attainder of the barons ' leader , simon de montfort , 6th earl of leicester , including the earldom of leicester , on 26 october 1265 .
13	by 1905 several animals had been donated : a monkey , a large seal , four grass parakeet , a racoon , a canary , and a black bear .
14	the main indigenous animals are insects along with large populations of ocean-going seabird , seal and penguins .
20	2012 saw one direction and delta goodrem perform on the night and appearances of flo rida , tony bennett and seal .
22	it was so named in 1902 by the swedish surveyor johan gunnar andersson who found old english try pot used to render seal oil at the site .
8	the army 's formation insignia was a trained seal balancing on its nose a terrestrial globe showing the eastern hemisphere , black on a white background .
58	'' she has collaborated with musicians and singers in spanish , catalan , english , french and portuguese , with artists such as anoushka shankar , chick corea , niño josele , mariza , bebo y chucho valdes , luz casal , ivan '' melon '' lewis , '' dizzy '' daniel moorehead , jose luis perales , seal , armando manzanero , nelly furtado , and javier limon .
6	this would become the de facto seal of unovis and took the place of individual names or initials .
2	alexander 's seal , which names him '' s'alexandri de isle '' , contains a lymphad with two men therein .
28	'' martyrdom according to the most fully developed version of the story , in 1815 a group of russian employees of the russian american company and their aleut seal and otter hunter , including peter , was captured by spanish soldiers , while hunting illicitly for seals near san pedro .
79	'' celebrities that key impersonated on the show include ludacris , snoop dogg , matthew lillard , bill cosby , al roker , terrell owens , tyler perry , robin antin , keith richards , eddie murphy ( as his character james '' thunder '' early from the movie dreamgirls ) , sherman hemsley ( as his character george jefferson on the jeffersons ) , charles barkley , sendhil ramamurthy ( as mohinder suresh ) , tyson beckford , seal ( originally played by jordan peele until peele left the show at the end of season 13 ) , sidney poitier , lionel richie , barack obama ( ironically , jordan peele would play obama on key & peele while key would play obama 's anger translator , luther ) and kobe bryant .
17	more recent artists to emerge from the london music scene include george michael , kate bush , seal , siouxsie and the banshees , bush , the spice girls , jamiroquai , blur , the prodigy , gorillaz , mumford & sons , coldplay , amy winehouse and adele .
4	live in paris , seal 's first live album , was recorded at the famous olympia theatre in paris , france .
31	in the animistic tradition of north-eurasian peoples , kutkh has a variety of interactions and altercations with wolf , fox , bear , wolverine , mouse , owl , dog , seal , walrus and a host of other spirits .
24	beginning with abc 's debut the lexicon of love in 1981/82 , jardim has worked extensively on projects with trevor horn , including with seal and on grace jones ' slave to the rhythm .
36	artists who have presented their works there include philip glass , peter brook , pina bausch , merce cunningham , laurie anderson , lee breuer , ethel , nusrat fateh ali khan , steve reich , seal , alice in chains , robert wilson , blackstreet , ingmar bergman , the whirling dervishes and the kirov opera directed and conducted by valery gergiev among others .
8	'' human beings '' is a song by seal .
34	the original document recording this grant , issued at soria on 18 november 1153 , has survived , and is one of possibly ten charters of alfonso vii to have been authenticated with a seal .
17	in 2002 , santana released shaman , revisiting the supernatural format of guest artists including p.o.d. and seal .
32	nikolay petrovich likhachyov ( ) , alternatively transliterated as likhachev ( 12 april 1862 14 april 1936 ) was the first and foremost russia sigillographer ( that is , an expert on seal ) who also contributed significantly to an array of auxiliary historical disciplines , including palaeography , epigraphy , diplomatics , genealogy , and numismatics .
23	the source of nutrition for the chono , yahgans , and alcaaluf thus mainly consisted of sea food such as ; whale , seal porpoise , guanaco , and otter .
3	mieszko i 's seal , dated to 1288 .
28	she insists on something to guarantee her safety in his absence and , as a symbol of his promise and his protection , he gives her his imperial seal of authority .
36	a gentleman 's armorial bearings represented his very identity and were of enormous importance to him , both as a matter of family pride and for practical purposes of personal recognition in battle and in legal seal .
14	such chartered bodies normally authenticate their official acts by marking them with a distinctive seal .
34	records as a producer/arranger programmer and re-mixer , fiennes has worked with a diverse range of artists including neneh cherry , marianne faithfull , bryan ferry , the spice girls , hal david , seal , yello , propaganda $ 2 , erazure , eagle-eye cherry , david mcalmont , ian mcculloch , roland gift , lenny kravitz , nigel kennedy , daniel lanois , trilok gurtu , damien hirst ( in the guise of fat les 's vindaloo ) , dot allison , justin hawkins , jamelia and geneva .
8	in 1441 , the town used an official seal listing its name as eherneborgh .
23	when she was fifteen years old , she signed a management contract with kwame kwaten , who had worked with mick jagger and seal .
35	nomenclature although the university is generally referred to as '' stanford university '' or '' stanford , '' its official name is still '' leland stanford junior university , '' as seen on the university seal .
31	norris has worked with a broad range of musical acts including the who , eric clapton , antony and the johnsons , john adams , deep purple , manu delago , seal , dave brubeck , elvis costello , daniel barenboim , bernard haitink and pierre boulez .
18	a music video for '' kiss from a rose '' , also from the film , features singer seal performing the song while standing near the bat-signal .
17	he is known from a small ( 15.9 x16 .9 mm ) black clay bulla bearing his seal impression .
7	he has done mixing for artists including seal , art of noise and captain .
31	bay and lagoon the lagoon and bay of kalloni is a shallow , rich wetland that hosts a stupendous variety of aquatic and avian life , including flamingo , porpoise and seal .
2	a faience seal and a block naming an osorkon with throne name aakheperre , were for a long time attributed to osorkon iv ; however , this attribution has been criticized by frederic payraudeau in 2000 , who pointed out that those objects more likely referred to osorkon the elder .
9	this symbols can be found on the coin , seal , coat of arms and standards of that time .
11	march 2 congress proclaims the entire bering sea , an important seal breeding area , to be under us control .
19	cohn won the grammy award for best new artist , besting the notable debuts of boyz ii men and seal , among others .
33	uss sealion ( ss-195 ) , a -class submarine , was the first ship of the united states navy to be named for the sea lion , any of several large , eared seal native to the pacific .
17	following the death of king alexander iii in 1286 an image of andrew was used on the seal of the guardians of scotland who assumed control of the kingdom during the subsequent interregnum .
18	beck collaborated on '' imagine '' for the 2010 herbie hancock album , the imagine project along with seal , p!nk , india.arie , konono n°1 , oumou sangare and others and received a third grammy in 2011 for best pop collaboration with vocals for the track .
3	law and government seal of alcaldía el hatillo , the mayor 's office .
35	songs featured in their catalogue include relax and two tribes by frankie goes to hollywood -- two of the best selling pop hits of the 1980s , the grammy award-winning kiss from a rose by seal , frankie 's the power of love , and dreams and sunshine by gabrielle ( singer ) , and beatbox , close ( to the edit ) and moments in love by the art of noise -- two of the most sampled songs in history .
13	no other food resource receives as much emphasis as salmon ; however , seal and game are both close seconds .
7	'' we loved it '' ( featuring seal ) ( produced with jeff bhasker ) pusha t -- my name is my name 01 .
0	seal recorded this song for his 2008 album soul .
41	in 1994 , the song '' how do you stop '' , that he co-wrote with dan hartman for james brown 's 1986 album gravity was covered by joni mitchell on her album turbulent indigo in a version featuring vocals by seal .
15	horn is a well-known producer who worked with many singers and bands , including : seal , tina turner , cher , robbie williams and frankie goes to hollywood .
6	sealskin is the skin of a seal which has been hunted .
53	a prolific session musician since the 1970s , levin has played on 500 albums , including those of cher , alice cooper , john lennon , sarah mclachlan , stevie nicks , pink floyd , dire straits , lou reed , tom waits , buddy rich , the roches , todd rundgren , seal , anderson bruford wakeman howe , warren zevon , kevin parent , laurie anderson , kate and anna mcgarrigle , gibonni , and jean-pierre ferland .
1	dead seal in the snow the american paddlefish is poached for its eggs ocelot in bolivia white rhino in nakuru county , kenya the global decline of leatherback sea turtle populations is attributed to the illegal harvest of egg and killing of egg-bearing females at nesting sites along central and south america coastlines of the caribbean sea and on the malaysia terengganu beach .
1	history seal of ceps ( customs excise and preventive service ) .
35	psychrobacter lutiphocae is a gram-negative , aerobic oxidase - and catalase - positive , non - spore - forming , non-motile bacterium from the genus of psychrobacter which was isolated from the faeces of a seal in schleswig-holstein in germany .
25	soundtrack m.c . hammer - u ca n't touch this m.c . hammer - here comes the hammer quad city dj 's - space jam seal - fly like an eagle r. kelly - i believe i can fly m.c . hammer - pray method man featuring coolio , b-real , busta rhymes and ll cool j - hit 'em high ( the monstars ' anthem ) dj jazzy jeff and the fresh prince - the fresh prince of bel air ( theme from nbc 's the fresh prince of bel-air ) juvenile feat .
65	the song has also made him '' the first uk urban act ever to top billboard s hot 100 '' , the ninth ( second british ) male solo performer to top the us charts with his debut single in the us , and the first british act to have reached no. 1 in the us and not in the uk with a song since seal 's '' kiss from a rose '' in 1995 .
17	coat of arms the historic coat of arms of the rôtisseurs , upon which the current chaîne seal is based the original coat of arms consists of two crossed turning spit and four larding needles , surrounded by flames of the hearth on a shield .
8	it is exhibited strongly in aquatic mammal ( seal , otter , dolphin , etc. ) , but exists in weaker versions in other mammals , including human , including babies up to 6 months old ( see infant swimming ) .
9	the production was handled by horn who worked with seal , tina turner , cher , robbie williams , frankie goes to hollywood and many others successful singers and bands .
7	the two-time grammy nominee has worked with seal , coldplay , paul oakenfold , alanis morissette , dido , jem , niyaz , ryuichi sakamoto , khaled , tiesto , bt , esthero , a.r . rahman and pete townshend .
7	he also started using a new personal seal that read tenka fubu ( 天下布武 ) , which means '' all the world by force of arms '' .
4	the reverse of the seal of alexander i , enhanced as a 19th-century steel engraving .
1	the seal ( german : siegel ) was used extensively in the late middle ages , and was instrumental in spreading heraldry to the various institutions .
13	these include canine distemper virus ( dog ) , phocine distemper virus ( seal ) , cetacean morbillivirus ( dolphin and porpoise ) newcastle disease virus ( birds ) and rinderpest virus ( cattle ) .
9	'' when asked by the judges , however , seal jokingly proclaimed black 's performance the best rendition of '' kiss from a rose '' that he ever heard .
30	the plot revolves around a boy called robbie henderson , a resident on the island of black ness , where there are legends of creatures called selkie , which are seal that can take on human form .
24	hoff wrote and illustrated over 60 volumes in the harpercollins '' i can read '' series for beginning readers , most notably sammy the seal and the popular danny and the dinosaur ( 1958 ) , which sold 10 million copies and has been translated into a dozen languages .
12	soon after , the two split and klum began dating the musician seal .
10	'' amazing '' is a song recorded by british singer seal .
15	other notable british artists in pop music include ; spice girls , george michael , seal , leona lewis , one direction , ed sheeran and robbie williams .
10	coaches series 1 coaches delta goodrem , joel madden and seal are set to return .
10	as well as the remains of numerous butchered moa , seal , porpoise , the extinct haast 's eagle , eyles ' harrier , new zealand swan and new zealand raven , kurī ( maori dogs ) , tuatara , kiore , shellfish such as pipi , paua , cockle , and marine bones from eel , skate , sunfish and sharks were found there .
10	the purpose of the barrel is to provide a consistent seal , allowing the bullet to accelerate to a consistent velocity .
11	tahir agreed on the condition al-amin turn over his sceptre , seal and other signs that he was caliph .
14	british artists received awards recognition overseas , with the ting tings , adele , seal , imogen heap , pet shop boys and coldplay nominated at the 52nd grammy awards .
5	society and culture the musician seal has this skin condition .
5	at the center of the seal is a lighthouse with a rising sun , surrounded by seven stars and an abbreviation for wisconsin , wis. the middle area displays ( beginning at top , clockwise ) a railroad locomotive , a church , a steamboat , and a factory .
19	american plaice may be an intermediate host for the nematode parasite otostrongylus circumlitis , which is a lungworm of seal , primarily affecting animals less than 1 yr of age .
32	music video the music video for '' everything is everything '' was directed by sanji , who helmed critically acclaimed videos for artists such as macy gray , mary j. blige , seal and jennifer lopez .
24	on the south of the miquelon island is a large lagoon known as the grand barachois which is host to a large population of seal and other wildlife .
1	a seal tank is under construction .
12	'' performances auditions/hollywood audition - '' kiss from a rose '' ( seal ) group performance - '' how deep is your love '' ( bee gees ) ( performed with blake lewis , rudy cardenas , and tom lowe ) final round performance - '' have you ever really loved a woman ? '' ( bryan adams ) career 2007-2008 : running back to you in november 2007 , sligh stated that he had signed a solo deal with brash music , an atlanta-based independent label that is distributed through warner bros , ada distribution , and word distribution .
28	while his name might imply that he turns into a guppy , his features , including flipper-shaped legs and pin teeth , are more closely related to a seal or sea lion .
29	it was swiftly followed by two further top ten hits for jakatta with '' ever so lonely '' ( featuring monsoon ) ( uk # 8 ) and the seal collaboration '' my vision '' ( uk # 6 ) .
2	examples include seal , dolphin , lion , and many herbivore such as deer , horse , and elephant .
8	armin also wrote a song for english singer seal , but due to the release of his greatest hits album , hits , the collaboration never came together .
12	it is one of very few containing symbolism adopted from ducal portrait seal rather than from coats of arms of dynasties , which is the case for most european countries .
88	critical reception sharon mawer of allmusic gave the album two out of five stars , stating : '' despite having high hopes after the success of simon webbe and lee ryan 's solo careers , and having a hit single already behind him , duncan james ' '' future past '' was doomed from the outset after the poor performances of the lead singles '' sooner or later '' and '' ca n't stop a river '' , despite the latter being backed by the writing talents of seal .
2	the original seal of transylvania university an institution that aided in the creation of transylvania university at this time was bacon college , named after sir francis bacon , which would later be known as kentucky university .
0	seal oil is also reported to have been used , in addition .
18	blind harry 's late-15th-century poem gives his father as sir malcolm of elderslie , however william 's own seal , found on a letter sent to the hanse city of lübeck in 1297 gives his father 's name as alan wallace .
11	the emperor gave gyatso a parting gift of an elaborate gold seal reading '' dalai lama , overseer of the buddhist faith on earth under the great benevolent self-subsisting buddha of the western paradise '' .
6	this arrangement was also performed by seal .
10	the clerk also was the custodian of the court 's seal , which is used to authenticate copies of the court 's order , judgments and other records .
2	political influence seal of thomas de brantingham during the fourteenth century , and in particular during the reign of edward iii , several de brantinghams held great offices of the state , including ralph de brantingham , king 's chamberlain to edward iii from 1349 , and thomas de brantingham ( died 1394 ) , lord treasurer from 1369 to 1371 and bishop of exeter from 1370 until his death .
29	in this cold climate plant life is mainly limited to grasses , moss and lichen , while the main animals are insects along with large populations of seabird , seal and penguin .
14	kangaroo wanted to jump and wombat wanted to wiggle on the ground , while seal wanted to swim .
25	the queen 's remembrancer presents newly appointed sheriff of the city with a writ of approbation from the monarch , sealed with the great silver seal of the exchequer .
15	he has additionally produced , written for , or worked with multiple international artists including seal , corinne bailey rae , netherlands wind ensemble , emilie simon , holland baroque society , nolwenn leroy , nico muhly , and ane brun .
38	annabelle was one of the first animals when the zoo was founded as the alaska children 's zoo in 1969 , along with several orphaned and injured animals in need of homes , including a black bear , seal , arctic fox , and petting zoo goat .
10	other animals present in the park include sea lion , seal , walrus , whale and sea otter .
0	seal ) jamiroquai - '' love foolosophy '' jimmy cliff - '' many rivers to cross '' , '' i want i do i get '' jennifer lopez - '' jenny from the block '' jessica garlick - '' come back '' jimmy eat world - '' the middle '' justin timberlake - '' like i love you '' kelly llorenna - '' tell it to my heart '' kylie minogue - '' in your eyes '' , '' come into my world '' ( fischerspooner mix ) lange - '' drifting away '' ( feat .
8	this oldest coat of arms is actually a seal .
10	zeniba tells sen that haku has stolen a magic golden seal from her , and warns sen that it carries a deadly curse .
42	sightseeing saw rob hit his peak as a singer , writer and producer , bringing together his rocking live band and a host of top guest 's including , guitarist steve harris ( gary numan ) , keyboard player richard cottle ( seal ) , and percussionist miles bould ( sting ) .
9	the selected machines , secured under lock and numbered seal in a storage room , is transferred to the draw hall , along with the balls .
6	the original document with the official seal of süchteln is in the national archives of france in paris .
1	dead seal and sea lion are also consumed .
24	some of these solo arrangements include : '' jump '' by van halen '' higher ground '' by stevie wonder '' killer '' by seal '' blue in green '' by miles davis '' she drives me crazy '' by the fine young cannibals '' norwegian wood ( this bird has flown ) '' and '' while my guitar gently weeps '' by the beatles '' take five '' by dave brubeck '' smells like teen spirit '' by nirvana a characteristic feature of his playing was his percussive style of playing involving drumming on the body of the guitar to create the sound of various different drums and sounds similar to dj scratching .
0	seal of the faculty of arts from the second half of the 17th century following the hussite wars , the faculty of liberal arts became the nucleus of the university for two centuries .
22	hervé was shipped back to constantinople in chains , but there he was apparently reconciled to the byzantine emperor : a surviving seal records his having received the title of magistros , and the positions of vestiarites and stratelates of the east in the army of emperor isaac i komnenos ( r. 1057 -- 1059 ) .
14	seals a recent strain of the virus is able to infect the lungs of seal .
57	2011 -- 13 : child of the universe , and the voice australia goodrem at the 2012 logie awards on 24 november 2011 , goodrem was confirmed to be a part of the judging panel of the australian version of the voice which aired in early 2012 , coaching alongside keith urban , joel madden , and seal .
22	) where a portion of the exterior housing has been removed to reveal the internal components , ( piston , bearing , seal , etc. .
8	it was previously a popular location for hunting seal .
22	despite all this , titan has a flourishing arctic ecosystem , apparently at the top of which is a clawed , blubbery seal - like native race of infant-like intelligence .
18	other tracks included a cover of steve miller band 's '' fly like an eagle '' ( by seal ) , '' hit 'em high ( the monstars ' anthem ) '' ( by b-real , busta rhymes , coolio , ll cool j , and method man ) , '' basketball jones '' ( by chris rock & barry white ) , and '' for you i will '' ( by monica ) .
18	the group spent 2013 on hiatus while the members spent time on other projects , before performing alongside seal ( a horn-produced artist ) at the 2014 mpg awards in february .
3	bishop abraham 's seal , attached to a charter of 1211 .
19	in the early 19th century , the islands were often visited by sealers , to the extent that the seal had been nearly exterminated by 1835 .
4	aggressively searching for new seal rookeries south of cape horn , on 17 november 1820 , palmer and his men became the first americans and the third group of people to discover the antarctic peninsula .
14	it is theorised that they benefit from the actions of diving predators such as seal and penguin which push prey up towards the surface while hunting , allowing the surface feeding storm petrels to reach them .
2	the college seal , that was inlaid in the main floor of the administration building , was saved and is now on display on the grounds of former campus .
2	whale , seal , cod , squid , mackerel , beluga whales and seabird all prey on capelin , in particular during the spawning season of the capelin while it migrates southwards .
11	monrose present their new single '' strike the match '' and seal performs two of his songs .
19	alexander supported the album with extensive touring in the united states and europe and later that year , opened seal 's u.s. tour .
61	throughout the series , music is featured from artists including : bell biv devoe , the doors , biz markie , enigma , joe esposito , stacy q , rick astley , extreme , heart , ray parker , jr . , yello , rick derringer , bruce springsteen , soul asylum , bon jovi , whitesnake , steve winwood , seal , kate bush , deee-lite , styx , boyz ii men , alphaville , berlin , thin lizzy , the go-go 's , wolfgang amadeus mozart , and franz schubert .
8	city logo the st. catharines logo ( or seal ) performs much the same function as a coat of arms .
44	work recht 's work is considered to be innovative in its use of indigenous , new and unconventional materials and technologies though also seen by many to be controversial due to the use of materials such as minke whale foreskin , spider silk , seal and human skin .
14	the launch featured a '' concert by recording artist -- and leica shooter -- seal '' .
28	a decree from 1574 fixed the capacity of the mezzo quarto bottle , and established a public office that would certify the capacity of fiascos by a lead seal applied to the straw covering .
32	john patten , the master of an english merchant ship , and part of his crew lived on tristan from august 1790 to april 1791 , during which time they captured 3600 seal .
42	the main attractions in durness are smoo cave , a conjoined sea cave and freshwater cave with a small river running through it and a waterfall in wet weather , unspoilt beaches backed by cliffs , and the local sea bird , seal , porpoise and minke whale .
15	musical performers at the event included one direction , flo rida , tony bennett , seal and delta goodrem .
2	sumerian cylinder seal also depict houses built from reeds not unlike those built by the marsh arabs of southern iraq until as recently as 400 ad .
8	not only are they invariably always executed under seal as a deed , but frequently the initial trust fund ( usually a nominal amount ) , will actually be physically affixed to the trust instrument itself to prove that the initial trust property was transferred .
3	polar bear , seal , and walrus frequent the area .
10	trepanning can also be useful to make groove for inserting seal , such as o-ring .
19	the first scene of '' bop gun '' , for example , featured the song '' killer '' by seal and adamski over a brief montage of images just before a murder took place .
8	it survives with tags which once attached a seal , now lost .
23	trade in 2010 , greenland 's exports to the eu amounted to in 2009 the eu put in place an import ban on seal fur on grounds on animal cruelty , but made exemptions for inuit communities in greenland and canada in order to protect their way of life .
27	anthony callea , vanessa amorosi and former pussycat dolls member ashley roberts all publicly expressed interest in coaching roles , however delta goodrem , keith urban , seal and joel madden were ultimately confirmed as the four coaches for the first series .
26	history the first known people to occupy the area were the pre-dorset people , somewhere around 1800 bce , about 4,000 years ago , and were seal and caribou hunters .
15	assynt is renowned for having diverse wildlife and achmelvich is no exceptions with cetacean , seal , basking shark , otter , pine marten , osprey and white-tailed eagle having been seen in the area .
10	appended to the latter document is a description of a seal impressed in white wax , which the fifteenth-century notary alleged to have belonged to ragnall .
18	in such cases , an architect or engineer may provide certification including the professional 's signature and applied seal .
23	attestations the existence of this shadowy and rebel ruler whom we know very little about , was confirmed by inscriptions found on two seal and one scarab that bear his name written in a royal form inside a cartouche .
10	april 2012 saw amali selected as the support act for seal on his 2012 australian ` soul 2 ' tour .
15	he 's known for working with many top recording artists , including michael jackson , seal , michael sembello , celine dion and frank sinatra , to name a few .
16	he also won best male pop vocal performance , beating elvis costello , prince , and seal for the award .
14	donkey and horse milk have the lowest fat content , while the milk of seal and whale may contain more than 50 % fat .
8	it is thus a device that provides a seal between a stationary supply passage ( such as pipe or tubing ) and a rotating part ( such as a drum , cylinder , or spindle ) to permit the flow of a fluid into and/or out of the rotating part .
14	the current coat of arms can be traced to the town 's first known seal , dating from 1311 .
7	marduk was said to have put his seal on the tablets of destiny , while the israelite breastplate had a jewelled stone upon it for each of the israelite tribes , which may derive from the same principle .
19	the traces consists of various tools , including quartz and flint arrowheads used by these hunter-gatherer to catch mostly seal .
25	( domenico modugno , paul simon , christopher cross , michael jackson & lionel richie , billy joel , bobby mcferrin , eric clapton , seal , shawn colvin & john leventhal , james horner , u2 , the dixie chicks , amy winehouse , coldplay , lady antebellum , adele and lorde ( which is the stage name of ella yelich-o'connor ) ) .
11	oudemans concluded that such creatures might be a previously unknown large seal , which he dubbed megophias megophias .
5	death nineteenth-century illustration of the seal of walter fitzalan , depicting a mounted knight , armed with a pennon lance and shield .
9	for example , as well as having an official seal , and the texas longhorns logo , the university of texas at austin uses a '' ut '' monogram ( in the same color as the longhorns logo , burnt orange ) .
7	'' violet '' is a song by seal .
81	'' recording artists reported to have participated in the sessions for my beautiful dark twisted fantasy included raekwon , rza , pusha t , rick ross , charlie wilson , big sean , cyhi the prynce , swizz beatz , dwele , nicki minaj , t.i. , drake , teyana taylor , common , jay-z , eminem , lil wayne , john legend , fergie , rihanna , the-dream , ryan leslie , elton john , m.i.a. , justin vernon , seal , beyoncé knowles , kid cudi , mos def , santigold , alicia keys , elly jackson , and tony williams .
40	he is found at ayr on 23 october 1269 , confirming the rights of paisley abbey to some churches in the bishopric of argyll ; and is found at paisley on 6 may -- 9 july 1270 , attaching his seal to two charters granted by a landowner from cowal to the abbey .
32	towards the end of his time with sl & g , mcguinness was also a highly successful marketing director for warner music group , winning awards for his campaigns for madonna , seal , simply red and mike oldfield .
16	etymology the generic name is taken from the turkish word , '' tamga '' , meaning seal or cattle brand .
32	; h1n1 ; h2n2 ; h3n2 ; h5n1 ; h7n7 ; h1n2 ; h9n2 ; h7n2 ; h7n3 ; h10n7 influenzavirus b influenza b viruses are only known to infect human and seal , giving them influenza .
11	the local economy consists largely of subsistence hunting for walrus , seal , fish , and bowhead whale ; the city calls itself the '' walrus capital of the world '' .
0	seal performed a live version of this song at the freddie mercury tribute concert in 1992 , noting that the song made him cry when he first heard it .
26	the album , executive produced by legend , kanye west and dave tozer , features guest appearance from kimbra , rick ross , stacy barthe and seal .
6	the tight fit of the mask seal around the face and the retention strips wrapping around the back of the head were uncomfortable in long sessions .
16	moose , caribou , fox , wolverine , otter and beaver are also found as are seal , sea lion , sea otter and whale and various seabirds such as eagle found along the shore .
20	coulter became a mentor for the first season of the voice australia in 2012 , and paired up with coach seal to prepare the contestants in his team for the show 's battle rounds .
14	other musicians who have recorded '' manic depression '' include : jeff beck with seal , besh o drom , blood , sweat & tears , bonerama , carnivore , clawfinger , larry coryell , tanya donelly , katharina franck , jan hammer , ben harper , david ryan harris , eric johnson , king 's x , yngwie j. malmsteen , nomeansno , red hot chili peppers , styx , type o negative , stevie ray vaughan , rozz williams and gitane demone .
4	canada starts its largest seal hunt in 50 years .
25	some time after the wedding , philip is said to have seen himself , in a dream , securing his wife 's womb with a seal engraved with a lion 's image .
12	history first uses of the coat of arms in form of a seal are known since 1279 .
18	mamegoma peeking out of a shopping bag after being rescued from a ufo catcher is a series of seal characters created by the japanese company san-x .
13	mikey dread was the featured artist on '' lips like sugar '' with seal for the soundtrack of the 2004 film , 50 first dates .
6	the islands are known for their seal population .
4	bishop george douglas ' seal .
27	style critics have compared klose to a range of modern day and old school artists including paul mccartney , kevin gilbert , xtc , elliott smith , seal , paul simon , nick drake , eric matthews , sting , jacques brel , kurt weill , francis dunnery , and a less risque serge gainsbourg .
10	a representation of the tower is featured prominently on the seal and unit patch of the former us navy vessel , newport .
19	art and creative materials that have been certified as non-toxic by acmi are entitled to display an acmi certification seal on their packaging .
28	the launch ( which also introduced the leica x1 and leica s2 models ) included a live video webcast , and featured a guest appearance by the musician seal .
16	fauna and flora kittiwakes on the cliffs of cape graham moore ; fauna beluga whale , seal , walrus , caribou , arctic fox , arctic hare and wolves are found in the park .
27	in april , 2013 , simone auditioned for season 2 of the voice ( australia ) and after successfully having three judges turn their chairs she chose seal as her coach .
13	in the final , he performed '' kiss from a rose '' by seal .
20	during the first semester of the school 's existence , the faculty and students cooperatively selected the school motto , seal , and colors .
3	bolesław iii 's seal , dated to 1337 .
6	their name , a mendacity as seal infants are called pups not cubs , was an effort to get away from usual one word-searching through the dictionary names that are often used by bands .
10	culleenamore is a diverse animal habitat , and also a seal sanctuary .
57	joshua has worked with mariah carey , justin timberlake , sean combs , jay-z , chris brown , miley cyrus , christina aguilera , mary j. blige , rihanna , r. kelly , celine dion , j-lo , t.i. , usher , michael jackson , nikki minaj , katy perry , snoop dogg , justin bieber , seal , nas , and whitney houston .
22	'' '' the stripped-down approach works well throughout the plaintive ballad ` believe in me ' , which sounds like a low-tech seal song .
1	a seal of green wax is attached to the second charter is blazon a bend surmounted of a label of five points in chief , and reads in latin '' s gilecrist macnachten '' .
53	episodes i love 1990 broadcast : 18 august 2001 . presented by sheryl lee ( from twin peaks ) the episode features twin peaks mc hammer / vanilla ice supermodels volkswagen girl advert goodfellas vogueing creature comforts world cup 90 / gazza sinead o'connor - nothing compares 2 u the simpsons adamski / seal baywatch i love 1991 broadcast : 25 august 2001 . presented by vic reeves and bob mortimer .
16	historically the town was the center of the historical jurisdiction grums hundred , with its oldest seal stemming from 1617 .
4	ragnall 's now non-existent seal , which pictured a knight on horseback , also indicates that he attempted to present himself as an up-to-date ruler , not unlike his anglo-french contemporaries of the bordering kingdom of scots .
18	when they catch large prey , such as when the killer whale ( orcinus orca ) catches a seal , they bite off and swallow one chunk at a time .
36	in applying the traditional christian interpretation of the hebrew bible as a series of prefigurations of the gospel story , jordan also writes that '' the fact that the den was sealed points forward to the seal on jesus ' tomb .
7	another is example is a late 14th-century seal of sir william le scrope , lord of mann , in which the manx triskelion is depicted in plate armour , rather than mail .
8	: '' kiss from a rose '' ( seal ) the judges then chose only men aloud !
6	'' dreaming in metaphors '' by seal .
13	generally speaking , standard ball joints will outlive sealed ones because eventually the seal will break , causing the joint to dry out and rust .
4	an inuit hunts the seal and uses the whole body of the animal as a basic resource for his survival .
3	traditional foods like seal , walrus , narwhal and caribou are consumed frequently .
18	he had much less power than other ( king 's ) chancellors , he guarded the queen 's seal and was the second most important official of her court , after her court marshall .
37	the title is a reference to the mona lisa , the famous painting by leonardo da vinci , and the song of the same name , originally performed by nat king cole , which was covered by seal for the movie .
29	among some alaska natives , the i ` nogo tied ( '' house of spirits '' ) refers to a luck and protection amulet made from blubber encased in seal fur .
8	indus-valley seals the first indus valley or harappan seal was published by alexander cunningham in 1872 however it was erroneously identified .
11	the first documented use of the flemish lion was on the seal of philip d'alsace , count of flanders of 1162 .
15	the settlement near the castle received town privileges , with a coat of arms and seal , in 1612 while part of the duchy of prussia .
2	hunters seeking seal and sea otter worked out the island between 1790 and 1850 .
19	however , due to the huge success of the single '' les mots '' , recorded as duet with seal , the new single was not released until april 2002 .
10	marine mammals : include whale , dolphin , porpoise , seal , sea lion , walrus , sea otter , marine otter , manatee , dugong and the polar bear .
4	traders , whaler and seal were among the first arrivals , and the gum and timber of the mighty kauri trees brought more colonisers .
6	most are covered by a or seal on the outside for weatherproofing .
13	some bearing assemblies require routine addition of lubricants , while others are factory seal , requiring no further maintenance for the life of the mechanical assembly .
40	founded in october 1989 by joseph pigato , the group won the 1997 icca competition and notable performances include the 1996 olympic games , the white house , with 10-time grammy award winner bobby mcferrin in 2005 , and with seal in 2009 .
18	under historical english common law a covenant was distinguished from an ordinary contract by the presence of a seal .
51	she has appeared in several music videos , including jamiroquai 's video '' love foolosophy '' from their album a funk odyssey , kelis 's '' young , fresh n ' new '' , off her second 2001 album wanderland and , most recently , the second video for her husband seal 's song '' secret '' off his 2010 album commitment .
21	the posters featured gilroy 's distinctive artwork and more often than not featured animals such as a kangaroo , ostrich , seal , lion , and notably a toucan , which has become as much a symbol of guinness as the trinity college harp .
49	the trier cathedral ( trierer dom ) and the church of our lady ( liebfrauenkirche ) to the right of the cathedral from 902 , when power passed into the hands of the archbishops , trier was administered by the vogt of the archbishopric , which developed its own seal in 1149 .
7	these first kayaks were constructed from stitched seal or other animal skins stretched over a wood or whalebone-skeleton frame .
19	however , after a papal grant he retained administration of the diocese and continued to use his glaswegian episcopal seal .
17	the main focus of the research is the ecology and population of the island 's seabird and seal .
7	in easter 2007 the aquarium opened '' seal cove '' .
4	current configuration the official seal of the supreme court , as included in certificates granted to attorneys approved by the board of attorney certification in one of several specialist areas .
14	chycki 's list of previous clients include aerosmith , nk , mick jagger , seal , foreigner and dolores o'riordan .
1	the seal represents the centerpiece of the democracy monument , bangkok , which itself honors the thai constitution of 1932 .
34	some angling groups argue that the progress of migratory fish is delayed below the barrier as fish have difficulty finding the very narrow entrance to the fish pass and that excessive numbers of foraging seal are taking advantage of this delay and are predating these fish and thus damaging the recovery of salmonid on the tees .
5	the sea elephants use their seal allies to launch exploding squid at their enemies .
21	in the archives of st. lô exists a charter , dating from the 1st crusade , on which is found the seal of renaud de carteret .
9	fauna bowhead whale , narwhal , polar bear , seal , walrus , and white whale frequent the area .
36	the running speed of cheetahs is almost certainly subject to stabilizing selection , as would be the size of the wings of a bird , the thickness of the layer of subcutaneous blubber of whale or seal , or the hardness and rate of growth of the hooves of zebra .
4	on this date his seal was attached to a document which recorded the losses suffered by scone abbey following the scottish rebel defeat by the english crown at the battle of falkirk .
22	while freeman had produced the early recordings , the v2 deal paired mandalay with producer guy sigsworth ( ex - björk , seal , acacia ) for the recording of their debut album .
14	there were no signatures on the original document , however , only a single seal placed by the king .
24	st. giovanni baptistery in florence , italy during the months when there were no baptisms the baptistery doors were sealed with the bishop 's seal , a method of controlling the orthodoxy of all baptism in the diocese .
0	seal performed the inaugural concert on november 6 , 2006 .
5	gallienus depicted on a lead seal gallienus ( ; ; c. 218 -- 268 ) was roman emperor with his father valerian from 253 to 260 and alone from 260 to 268 .
14	hel peninsula as seen from the tallest building in władysławowo kitesurfing , hel peninsula seal at the oceanography institute wooden house from circa 1850 , now a restaurant hel peninsula ( ; ; ; or putziger nehrung ) is a 35-km-long sand bar peninsula in northern poland separating the bay of puck from the open baltic sea .
7	domestic policy reverse of ivan iii 's seal from 1472 , after his marriage with sophia paleologue the character of the government of moscow under ivan iii changed essentially , taking on a new autocratic form .
2	svg the seal coats of arms of historic romanian regions and provinces transylvania region coat of arms of transylvania , under michel the brave in romanian culture , contrary to the hungarian one , the geographical region of transylvania is not identical to the principality of transylvania , which is called ardeal in romanian .
5	it is often made from seal , or from whale , reindeer , or sea-birds .
1	the seal of john moidartach ( from scotland ,1572 ) .
10	wildlife that can be observed in the thames estuary includes seal , velvet swimming crab and the migrant turnstone .
7	he has collaborated with such artists as seal , sarah brightman , josh groban , john legend , bebe winans , gladys knight , jessica simpson , shaffer '' ne-yo '' smith , skylar grey , mozella , sacha skarbek , randy jackson , dj khalil , carole bayer sager , jc chasez , fergie , kardinal offishall , bc jean , planet vi , boi-1da , as a songwriter , musician and producer .
11	marine mammals and birds such as shore bird , whale , seal and sea otter can be seen from the beach .
7	the moravian church in the present the seal of the moravian church featuring the agnus dei .
10	by 1191 burgess are using the first known corporate town seal in england .
11	he made archaeological contributions in the areas of copperware and jade seal dated between the xia dynasty and the zhou dynasty .
28	lid of a tic tac mint case a lid , also known as a cap , is part of a container , and serves as the cover or seal , usually one that completely closes the object .
57	an arcade redemption game entitled tux racer arcade has been released by roxor games ; a sequel entitled tux 2 arcade has also been released , featuring four courses and four characters from the commercial version , namely tux , his friend trixi , a female penguin , boris , a bear , and samuel , a seal .
12	other two days of the week , the same boat is offering seal - safari from langør at stavns fjord .
24	starr has performed as keyboardist alongside such artists as mariah carey , whitney houston , stevie wonder , carole king , carlos santana , seal , b.b . king , ray charles , madonna , celine dion , al green and many others .
7	they are populated by large numbers of seal and bird species .
11	among the musicians the group opened for were joe walsh and seal .
23	in 2010 , the italian legendary singer , mina , recorded teitur 's song '' you get me '' as a duet with seal , which was the first single from her album '' caramella '' , which went top 3 in italy .
26	flora and fauna the many river flowing into richmond gulf make its water brackish but a healthy habitat for brook trout and whitefish , beluga and seal .
13	adopted thirteen years after the country gained independence , it has been the seal of the republic of mali since 1973 .
26	performers , including def leppard , robert plant , guns n ' roses , elton john , david bowie , george michael , annie lennox , seal , extreme , and metallica performed various queen songs along with the three remaining queen members ( and spike edney .
8	her success led to an american tour with seal in 1995 .
13	john de courcy , affreca , and the norman invasion of ireland the seal of richard de clare , 2nd earl of pembroke , a cambro-norman lord who led the 'norman ' invasion of ireland in the mid 12th century .
14	the purpose of the fold is to provide a more secure anchorage for the seal , and to guard against the parchment being torn .
0	seal has recently recorded a cover of this song for his 2008 album soul .
70	the debut program featured avril lavigne , and has featured musical guests bon jovi , barenaked ladies , blues traveler , counting crows , duran duran , en vogue , the goo goo dolls , ann and nancy wilson ( interviewed ) of heart ( performed ) , boyz ii men , backstreet boys , james blunt , maroon 5 , meat loaf , queen latifah , ringo starr , seal , chicago , and toby keith , as well as actors john cusack , michael douglas , and anthony hopkins .
35	this feat is unlikely to be repeated , as all dogs have been banned from antarctica by the antarctic treaty nations since 1994 , due to fears that they could transmit diseases to the native seal population .
39	numerous fish , crustacean , sea bird , sea snake , marine mammal ( e.g. bottlenose dolphin ( tursiops ) , common dolphin ( delphinus ) , spotted dolphin ( stenella ) , dugong ( dugong dugon ) , seal and sea lion ) , and sea turtle ( including the three largest species : the leatherback ( dermochelys coriacea ) , the loggerhead ( caretta caretta ) and the green sea turtle ( chelonia mydas ) , ) are regularly eaten by adult tiger sharks .
0	seal recorded a version of the song featuring the reggae singer mikey dread for the soundtrack of the 2004 film 50 first dates .
10	some mammals , such as camel , polar bear , seal and aardvark , have full nictitating membranes .
29	sources common animal sources for fur clothing and fur trimmed accessories include fox , rabbit , mink , beaver , stoat ( ermine ) , otter , sable , seal , cat , dog , coyote , chinchilla , and possum .
3	henry iv 's seal , dated to 1308 .
2	united kingdom seal with ex-wife heidi klum .
14	because of his strong , husky voice and a few similarities to british singer seal grosch became an early favorite with the judges and the audience , who enabled him to sing against competitor tobias regner during the final show .
0	seal inhabit the reefs , by the hörgsnes peninsula .
0	seal kiss from a rose run for number-one adult contemporary singles for 12th weeks these are the billboard adult contemporary chart number-one hits of 1995 .
13	habitat coastlines and intertidal zones of subantarctic islands , especially around seabird and seal colonies , as well as the vicinity of human habitation .
23	however , the dyes in these cells also suffer from degradation under heat and uv light and the cell casing is difficult to seal due to the solvents used in assembly .
21	it has the sound of an early 1990s dance hit , and the song has been compared to the music by seal and adamski .
0	seal of the american judicature society .
19	the town is known for its colonial architecture , including some art nouveau work , and for wildlife including seal , penguin , flamingo and ostrich .
4	nineteenth-century depiction of the seal of alan fitz walter , steward of scotland .
27	the river 's name means wolf river in french and may have come from a native tribe known as '' les loups '' or from the many seal , known in french as loup-marin , once found at the river 's mouth .
5	their primary uses are for seal , adhesive and molded flexible parts .
19	the band has shared the stage with performers such as david gray ( musician ) , james morrison , seal , eric bibb , joss stone , the dubliners , arlo guthrie and korn .
26	king edward showed his fellow englishman alan favor , and on 12 june 1291 , appointed him chancellor of scotland and handed over to him the seal of regency .
18	in an article by american songwriter , lawrence cites acts such as billy joel , elton john and seal as his biggest influences and inspirations .
20	written out : - محمود خان بن عبدالحميد مظفر دائماً a tughra ( tuğrâ ) is a calligraphic monogram , seal or signature of an ottoman sultan that was affixed to all official documents and correspondence .
13	soul 2 is the eighth studio album by british soul / b singer seal .
1	the seal of aulay macaulay of ardincaple , in 1593 bore : a fess chequy and in chief a buckle .
17	this possibility is abruptly nullified when buster 's left hand is bitten off by a '' loose seal '' ( note the pun on '' lucille '' ) , when he impulsively gets the courage to jump into the ocean one day after years of being afraid to swim .
17	'' american idol sligh auditioned in birmingham , alabama singing '' kiss from a rose '' by seal , after which paula abdul gave him a standing ovation and said , '' i like you very much .
9	dry gas seals are non-contacting , dry-running mechanical face seal consist of a mating ( rotating ) ring and a primary ( stationary ) ring .
17	it was named after the many oak trees that grow in the area , and the city seal is adorned with an oak .
1	the seal was much broader than the wires hence it was barely legible .
136	'' this eventually conflicted with the nationalism that eventually rose amongst north america 's canadians following the sacrifices and heroism shown by canadian troops on their own in various war fronts in the first world war and later increasing following the publicity of the larger canadian army in the second world war , the spreading use of newspapers with the installation of radios in most homes by the 1920s and 1930s beaming news and entertainment into all homes , followed by television 's impact after world war ii , and with the increasing population with the domestic , cultural and artistic accomplishments of native canadians and increased participation of assimilated immigrant groups brought an accompanying desire to have the dominion of canada 's sovereign status reflected in distinct nationalistic symbols ( such as flags , anthem seal , etc. ) .
54	the model asserts these people made the crossing in small boats , using skills similar to those of the modern inuit people : hauling out on ice floes at night ; collecting fresh water from melting icebergs or the first-frozen parts of sea ice ; hunting seals and fish for food ; and using seal blubber as heating fuel .
19	clayoquot sound is home to wolves , black bears , cougar , grey whale , orca , porpoise , seal , sea lion , river otter , bald eagle , osprey , marbled murrelet , pacific loon , roosevelt elk , marten , and raccoon .
27	with ocean food it was mussels , sea eggs , cockles , clams , seaweed , herring , trout , crab , urchin , sea lion , seal , all kinds of salmon .
33	among the artists that have performed here are bob dylan , b.b . king , enrique bunbury , julio iglesias , boz scaggs , merle haggard , george lopez , jamie foxx , seal , something corporate and jaguares .
50	other musical projects d'abo has worked on include backing vocals for julian lennon 's help yourself , an acoustic duet version of bon jovi 's livin ' on a prayer , produced by leonard , that appears on their this left feels right hits cd , and a duet with seal '' broken '' .
3	history first known seal of 1241 ( replica ) the oldest coat of arms of hamburg has been retained on a city seals int the 12th and 13th century .
10	this is especially true due to the dramatic drop in seal skin prices in the late 1980s .
10	marine mammals associated with the islands include two species of seal , large groups of common dolphin ( delphinus delphis ) , and minke whale ( balaenoptera acutorostrata ) .
20	whale and walrus were hunted for food in norway and the north-western parts of the north atlantic region , and seal were hunted nearly everywhere .
14	the band was put on hold and eventually disbanded when harvin began touring with seal and prioritized the jazz project earl harvin trio .
31	soon orthopaedix , his wife angina and influenza , their daughter , arrive at '' their '' new village only to be disappointed to find it already inhabited but hope the seal of julius caesar will convince the villagers to leave .
10	other objects -- such as badge , banner , and seal -- may also be described in blazon .
8	wildlife attractions include local birds , penguin , seal , and orcas , many of these species colonizing islands in the beagle channel .
5	music the original video for seal 's kiss from a rose ( 1994 ) and the music video for amerie 's '' take control '' from the album because i love it ( 2007 ) and were influenced by the film .
27	sharks and rays tiger shark and albatross ( winner : albatross ) torpedo ray and reef fish ( winner : torpedo ray ) great white shark and seal ( winner : great white shark ) 4 .
14	hot wax would not stick to it so it was often used to make seal impressions .
6	design the flag has the city seal emblazoned on quartered background , with each section representing a country that once controlled detroit .
11	these first kayaks were constructed from stitched animal skins such as seal stretched over a wooden frame made from collected driftwood , as many of the areas of their construction were treeless .
22	in 1934 the sir edward mountain expedition analyzed film taken the same year and concluded that the monster was a species of seal , which was reported in a national newspaper as '' loch ness riddle solved -- official '' .
6	she changes her grandson into a seal and has him swim out to sea .
18	the reef 'm øllegrunden ' northwest of the island is an important resting and breeding site for many seal in the kattegat sea .
5	the island has a flourishing seal colony , and is surrounded by the tonga island marine reserve , which was inaugurated in 1993 .
11	during his career he has worked with many artists , including seal , björk , goldie , madonna , britney spears , kate havnevik , imogen heap , bebel gilberto , mozez , david sylvian , alanis morissette and alison moyet .
23	in addition to streisand , she has cited her influences as john lennon , janis joplin , nick drake , jackie wilson , seal , sarah vaughn , nina simone , george michael , annie lennox , the beatles , coldplay and jamiroquai .
29	other mammals include lemming , polar bear , walrus , beluga whale , snowshoe hare and arctic hare , red fox , grey wolf , arctic ground squirrel and seal .
38	also unearthed were 62 double-tiered kilns , beads and seals , four stepped ziggurats , female terracotta figurines with plaited hair , stone vessels , hafted bronze and copper daggers with flat blades , tabbed silver and bronze seal , paintings of animals such as goats , eagles , panthers and three headed composite animal , a priest 's tomb with gold heads of a wolf and a bull , and other tombs with silver ornaments , precious stones and seals .
4	he also opened for seal and the dave matthews band .
10	in 2011 , british soul and r & b singer-songwriter seal included the song in his second cover album soul 2 .
4	the earliest known county seal that has been preserved shows a right-facing lion rampant and dates to the year 1215 .
19	featured artists include adele , miley cyrus , my chemical romance , the gaslight anthem , pete townshend , seal , jeff beck , elvis costello , mark knopfler , darren criss , eric burdon , sting , patti smith , my morning jacket , pete seeger , steve earle and rise against .
24	he served as the sweetened puffed wheat breakfast cereal 's mascot until 1956 , when replaced by a rival mascot named smaxey , a seal dressed in a sailor suit .
12	asking university students and professors to sign a petition against the saskatchewan seal hunt and the toronto polar bear hunt .
15	norwegian settlers arriving from the late 9th century re-interpreted orc as old norse orkn '' seal '' , with the added suffix '' island '' .
19	the grand masters of the knights templar during the later 12th and the 13th century used a double-sided great seal which showed a representation of the dome of the rock ( or a circular dome of the church of the holy sepulchre ) on one side , and the order 's symbol of two knights on one horse on the other side .
13	also featuring the hidden track '' crazy '' , a song originally by seal .
21	bouvet island was claimed in 1927 ( formally in 1930 ; in 1935 the island was declared a nature reserve for seal ) .
9	ascension and assassination seventeenth-century illustration of a charter and seal of haraldr óláfsson , rögnvaldr óláfsson 's brother and royal predecessor .
2	the state seal of azad kashmir was adopted in 1975 and symbolizes the state 's ideological foundation , the basis of its heritage and its guiding principles .
12	fauna beluga whale , caribou , peregrine falcon , polar bear , seal , and snowy owl frequent the area .
20	the area also includes one of the largest bird colonies in the northern hemisphere , as well as walrus and seal rookeries .
1	the seal of the moravian church the british province of the moravian church ( formally the moravian church in great britain and ireland ) is part of the world wide moravian church unity .
1	a seal at st. andrews sea life centre went missing in the strong waves , and a river in musselburgh overflowed .
5	there is also evidence of seal , dolphin , a range of marsupial , dingo and even whale .
42	history she was built as a type 207 submarine by rheinstahl-nordseewerke of emden , germany in 1965 for the royal norwegian navy and served for 25 years as hnoms uthaug before being purchased by denmark in 1990 , and renamed after the seal .
7	due to the near extinction of the seal population in the bering sea , the american and british governments dispatched a squadron of warships to suppress poaching activities .
13	the hunting season begins 11 september and hunters may go after deer , seal , and whale .
27	on a 1960 united states tour as the house of representatives speaker , jaja wachuku was honored and presented with the city of philadelphia , pennsylvania blue seal and key to the city of atlanta , georgia .
26	simon holt of the sydney morning herald noted that '' she has a voice which brought tears to many eyes '' , including coach and mentor seal 's .
13	bedrock is also not far from oceanrock aquarium , home of dripper the seal .
14	fauna the area is frequented by bowhead whale , narwhal , polar bear , seal , walrus , and white whale .
0	seal , sea lion , walrus and whale are found at various times of year along the refuge 's of coastline .
13	then they find a polar bear had just killed and partially consumed a seal .
21	he collaborated with top songwriters such as ty lacy and steve power , and recorded duets with both bryan adams and seal .
14	the staircase had a large window , handpainted with a design that included the seal of the corporation of south brisbane , the work of messrs exton & gough .
5	he reportedly used a silver seal on letters sent to other notable leaders who were requested to convert to islam .
7	this was the final season to feature seal and delta goodrem as coaches , as it was announced that will.i.am and kylie minogue would replace them in the next season .
26	the earlier english spoon-handles terminate in an acorn , plain knob or a diamond ; at the end of the 16th century , the baluster and seal ending becomes common , the bowl being fig - shaped .
21	unlike most of the the eagle of the ninth series , it does not follow either the inheritor of the dolphin seal ring or the person who will eventually marry said inheritor ; although the current inheritor , the son of the protagonist of the lantern bearers , is a minor character in the book , the action follows the character of artos ( arthur ) as established in the lantern bearers .
18	he had been sealed near the great pyramids of giza until freed by the breaking of the combined seal in japan .
13	the disease has also mutated to form phocid distemper virus , which affects seal .
31	the channel 's playlist was gradually expanding , and , by 1994 , included contemporary musicians such as ace of base , melissa etheridge , sheryl crow , lisa loeb , seal , and other slightly heavier , or more alternative rock - influenced music than what it had originally played .
42	wearing arab / muslim dress and learning fluent arabic he managed to blend in with the inhabitants of north africa ; he was tattooed by the inuit in the arctic , using needle and sooty thread , and ate raw caribou and seal meat with them .
7	in 1274 thunstetten was granted its own seal .
25	presumably his wealth was the reason he was chosen as mayor , but controversy began almost immediately when he was accused of stealing the official seal of dublin corporation for his own use .
11	producers such as trevor horn ( frankie goes to hollywood , seal , etc. ) , martin hannet ( the stone roses , joy division , etc. ) and arthur baker ( bruce springsteen , bob dylan , kraftwerk , al green ) all visited spirit to record and produce their work .
36	a change is gonna come -- single cover it 's a man 's man 's man 's world -- single cover it 's alright -- single cover soul is the sixth studio album by british singer seal , which was released on 10 november 2008 .
13	the aleuts soon suffered severe problems due to the depletion of the fur seal and sea otters which they needed for survival .
36	this gallery of country coats of arms shows the national coat of arms , an emblem serving a similar purpose , or both ( such as greater and lesser coat of arms , national emblem or seal ) of each of the countries in the list of sovereign states .
20	in return for a barrel of butter per year , they gained permission from the local laird to hunt the seal on it .
9	'' love 's divine '' is a song by seal .
29	'' the first number-one song on the adult top 40 , from the test chart of october 7 , 1995 , was '' kiss from a rose '' by seal .
3	maé opened for seal at the grand rex in paris and for cher at the zénith de paris , both in 2004 .
2	dolphin , seal and otter inhabit the loch , and basking shark can appear in its waters during the summer months .
9	'' killer '' is a song by adamski and seal .
15	name sæl is the pre-1917 reform bokmål version of the norwegian word sel , meaning seal .
9	some of these ventures resulted from the pursuit of seal and constituted the first sealing boom .
19	m28 harpoon gun between the wars , several norwegian gunsmiths attempted to create harpoon guns , intended for hunting seal and shooting rescue lines to boat in distress .
8	a national emblem is an official emblem or seal reserved for use by a nation state as a symbol of that nation .
7	pingu 's friends robby is a gray seal .
0	seal of alexander ii , king of scots .
32	marine mammal shows marine mammal shows include the display or performance of marine mammal such as polar bear , sea otter , whale , porpoise , dolphin , manatee , dugong , seal , sea lion , walrus , and other mammals with fins or flippers .
14	'' the album was produced by trevor horn , who has also produced for seal and the english dance-pop band frankie goes to hollywood .
9	hoax the article carried a purported photo of a seal - like creature with a bony growth protruding from its head .
7	on the floes they finally took a seal , and strength returned , with additional seals ending their famine for good .
31	said to be politically finnish but culturally swedish ) , from prehistoric times onwards till date , is exhibited ; a particular display in this genre is the boat made of seal skin dated to the stone age .
7	with the special performances by will.i.am , seal & spice girls and the show was hosted by heidi klum .
10	the term is derived from the tradition of placing a seal on specified files or documents that prevents anyone from reviewing the files without receiving a court order .
30	her and charlotte completed the task best and as a grand price they were invited to the '' night of the proms '' in rotterdam by heidi klum 's husband seal , whom they also got to meet backstage and who was very kind to the girls .
13	first logo from its founding until 1574 , the university 's first official seal featured an icon of the '' virgen del rosario '' ( virgin of the rosary ) , patron saint of the dominican friar ; at the right was a representation of the pacific ocean and on the bottom a lime ( fruit ) ( that is , the fruit , which in spanish is una lima , hence lima , peru ) .
0	seal of bishop gamelin .
18	and rankin 's hunger tv other work mickey lightfoot have writing credits for producer adamski whos hits include seal 's chart topping record ' killer ' .
11	the lead single and only new track , a cover of seal 's '' crazy '' , was a u.s. adult top 40 and dance hit , but it achieved only minimal chart success elsewhere .
27	unicorn seals of the indus valley civilization the first objects unearthed from harappa and mohenjo-daro , major sites of the indus valley civilization , were small stone seal inscribed with elegant depictions of animals , including a unicorn-like figure , and marked with indus script writing which still baffles scholars .
116	conway has hosted a variety of producers , mixers and artists , such as alicia keys , barbra streisand , the black eyed peas , kent , blink-182 , britney spears , carlos santana , christina aguilera , dave matthews band , dido , daft punk , enrique iglesias , foo fighters , green day , guns n ' roses , hole , katy perry , ke$ha , kiss , korn , lady gaga , mariah carey , marilyn manson , maroon 5 , metallica , michael jackson , miley cyrus , no doubt , phil collins , pink , prince , queens of the stone age , ray charles , red hot chili peppers , seal , stevie wonder , the subways , thalía , u2 , whitney houston , and redone .
3	attributes on the seal of the abbey , benignus of dijon is depicted as having a dog by his side .
17	new world marsupials specialist group otters specialist group peccaries specialist group pinnipeds specialist group this group includes seal and walrus .
1	the seal of bacău was oval which is exceptional in moldavia where the seals of other towns were round .
7	the castle already appeared on the oldest seal of the city , dating from 1226 .
48	honours and awards jaja wachuku received many honors ; including the title of ugo ngwa ( eagle and pride of the ngwa people ) which was conferred on him by the entire ngwa people in 1949 but was installed in 1971 , city of philadelphia , pennsylvania blue seal , key to the city of atlanta , georgia , time '' pride of africa '' commendation , commander of the order of niger republic , commander of the order of the federal republic of nigeria ( cfr ) , ll.d : doctor of laws honoris causa by trinity college , dublin , ireland , knight of saint christopher ( ksc ) by the anglican church nigeria , enyi ( elephant : wisdom and strength ) abia title and merit award by the government of abia state , nigeria .
2	signature and seal of amias ( née cole ) thomson maverick , november 1635 in 1628 maverick married amias , widow of fellow colonist david thompson , who had been sent by sir ferdinando gorges as an early explorer and settler to new hampshire , and later settled on present-day thompson island in boston harbor .
1	background seal of the knight hans kruckow , dated 29 august 1450 , showing an unicorn rising from the bars and an helmet bearing a full moon with several little stars .
2	whale , seal , polar bear , walrus , waterfowl , caribou , and fish are harvested from the coast or nearby rivers and lakes .
9	the discography of english soul / pop - singer seal , consists of eight studio albums , two live albums , two compilation album , twenty-eight single and four video albums .
25	mycenean art collection mycenean civilization is represented by stone , bronze and ceramic pots , figurines , ivory , glass and faience objects , golden seal and rings from the vaulted tombs in mycenae and other locations in the peloponnese ( tiryns and dendra in argolis , pylos in messinia and vaphio in lakonia ) .
13	not far from dyers island is geyser island , a breeding ground for seal .
12	the aleuts soon suffered severe problems due to the depletion of fur seal and sea otters which they needed for survival .
47	the topiary garden agave victoriae-reginae at lotusland featuring a topiary clock 25 feet ( 8 m ) in diameter , bordered by senecio mandraliscae ; a boxwood maze ; and a '' zoo '' of 26 topiary animals , including a camel , gorilla , giraffe and seal .
9	there 's evidence of paleolithic people killing and eating seal and elands as far as 100,000 years bp .
1	downfall seal of william rufus .
5	the company bought and processed seal and whale oil from christensen vessels .
13	they toured extensively with indie dance act the farm and provided support for seal on his uk tour .
17	the sound of her early songs have been compared to adult contemporary artists such as sting and seal .
16	his mother , empress wei , committed suicide after emperor wu sent messengers to seize her seal as a punishment of supporting her son 's uprising .
45	durisdeer is often taken as an anglo - latin corruption of dorus doire , entrance to the wood or thicket ; but the word dair is also an old gaelic word for an oak , and this is probably why andrew had acorn on his seal .
16	it comprises material from 1995 to 2005 , with some soundtrack selections and a cover of seal 's '' crazy '' .
12	on the mikhelson rocks , not far from the island , live seal .
9	important devices attached to royal charters were double-sided waxen seal , used to authentic such instruments .
14	he won a grammy award for producing '' kiss from a rose '' by seal .
1	mammals seal frequent the islands , and whale may be seen in the surrounding waters .
13	he has played and appeared with performing artist such as mick jagger , seal , orchestral manoeuvres in the dark , elton john and randy crawford .
22	sceale bay conservation park was proclaimed in june 2006 to aid in the protection of native flora and fauna , particularly the seal colony located in the bay .
28	after the release of their self produced album good 4 we , they started productions and remixes for artists such as mick jagger from the rolling stones , seal , jay-z , tom jones , beverley knight , lighthouse family , changing faces or daryl hall of hall & oates .
41	the church takes it name from saint eric , the 12th-century king of sweden who , having been slain by a danish prince , came to be regarded as a martyr and the patron saint of stockholm , depicted in the seal and coat of arms of the city .
24	contemporary typographers view typography as craft with a very long history tracing its origins back to the first punches and dies used to make seal and currency in ancient times .
6	they were also permitted to engrave seal , and to sell gunpowder and saltpeter ; but their exclusion from the mining-towns remained in force .
9	to order coat lined in sable , beaver , seal , or mink from one 's tailor would be prohibitively expensive for most , and to own one would mark one as a person of immense wealth and status .
8	some aquatic mammal , such as walrus , seal , sea lion , narwhals , beluga whales and killer whales , can store fat called blubber that they use to help keep warm in the icy waters .
35	the headland was charted and named in 1911 by the northern party , led by victor campbell , of the british antarctic expedition , 1910–13 , and named because of the great number of young seal , known as calves , distributed nearby this headland .
16	characteristics cirth no. 19 '' g '' , used by gandalf as a personal sign or seal .
5	the doctor befriends a circus seal named sophie who longs to return to her husband in the north pole .
30	the current crackers are bear , bison , camel , cougar , elephant , giraffe , gorilla , hippopotamus , hyena , kangaroo , lion , monkey , rhinoceros , seal , sheep , tiger , and zebra .
5	clapper - clapper is a seal who originated in .
13	she decided to immediately proceed to the imperial palace and seize the imperial seal and summon dong .
13	limitations the primary difficulty in underwater camera usage is , of course , seal the camera from water at high pressure , while maintaining the ability to operate it .
8	its profile is prominent in the kópavogur town seal .
27	paramyxoviruses are also responsible for a range of diseases in other animal species , for example canine distemper virus ( dog ) , phocine distemper virus ( seal ) , cetacean morbillivirus ( dolphin and porpoise ) , newcastle disease virus ( birds ) , and rinderpest virus ( cattle ) .
11	monheim was awarded its town rights shortly after and the oldest seal of the town dates from 1340 .
1	overcharging seal ni -- cd cells consist of a pressure vessel that is supposed to contain any generation of oxygen and hydrogen gases until they can recombine back to water .
20	during the avant que l'ombre ... à bercy tour , the american session drummer abe laboriel , jr . replaced seal to perform '' les mots '' on stage with farmer .
12	currently attached to the project are producer , , martin landau , seal , armand assante , and mr. engine audi .
25	in late 2008 , their second album rethroned was released , headlined by the single '' kiss from a rose '' ( originally performed by seal ) .
13	the three songs mark had to perform were kiss from a rose by seal , billy joel 's tell her about it , and i can make you feel good by shalamar .
5	they were centered around a seal / sting / beatles vein , described as '' bluesy at times , nostalgic at others , jazzy , and even r & bish .
30	they 've produced , remixed and or written for some of the hottest acts in pop music , including jay sean , britney spears , justin timberlake , beyoncé , seal , usher , birdman , blue cantrell , backstreet boys , alanis morissette , annie lennox , fabolous , janet jackson , and shakira .
13	he has worked with johnny cash , josh groban , mick jagger , seal , elton john , johnny hallyday and tom petty and the heartbreakers among others .
13	many families still harvest the traditional subsistence resources , especially pacific salmon and seal .
24	horn learned that a secret alliance had been made between the people of jämtland and the norwegians , ratified with the local communities ' seal .
22	starting in the early 17th century , the island was used mainly as a base for the hunting of walrus and other seal species .
0	seal of hoskuld hoskuldsson in 1524 .
26	he enlightens a circus owner who cares little for animals , fights against the practice of fox hunting and helps other creatures such as a circus seal and cart horses too old to work .
1	a seal allows part of the spool to protrude outside the housing , where it is accessible to the actuator .
20	'' kadyrov event in october 2011 , van damme , along with other celebrities including hilary swank , vanessa-mae and seal attracted criticism from human rights groups for attending an event in russian federal subject chechnya 's capital grozny on the 35th birthday of chechen president ramzan kadyrov on 5 october .
16	however , it does occur in many other safety-critical items such as fuel line and rubber seal , such as gaskets and o-rings , where ozone attack is considered unlikely .
6	kate st. john ) 1994 - seal - kiss from a rose from batman forever ( ob .
72	babookari , a ground-living new world monkey descended from the present-day uakari ; carakiller , a giant , flightless bird of prey , descended from the present-day caracara ; cryptile , a lizard that inhabits salt flats and has a sticky neck frill for catching flies ; deathgleaner , a giant , carnivorous bat descended from the vampire bat of south and central america ; gannetwhale , a large , flightless , seal - like seabird descended from the present-day gannet ; rattleback , an armored rodent descended from the present-day paca or agouti ; there are two species , one in the amazonian grasslands and the other in the northern deserts ; gryken , a slender terrestrial mustelid descended from the present-day pine marten ; scrofa , a wild pig living on the mediterranean salt flats descended from the wild boar .
10	when hagenbeck was 14 , his father gave him some seal and a polar bear .
10	into the 1990s , the label had continued success with seal , k.d . lang , tommy page and ministry .
11	he was also the first catalonian count to have his own seal , imitating the carolingian emperors and the frankish kings in style .
9	artefacts retrieved include evidence of bear , marten , seal and porpoise , but also reveal hunting and gathering technologies through discovery of bone spear , elk antler harpoon and flint .
15	the engineers had developed a good background in the metallurgy of housing , high speed seal , radial inflow turbines , and centrifugal compressor .
16	'' future love paradise '' is a 1991 song recorded by the soul singer and songwriter seal .
29	twin horrible deaths happened on / circa the same day last year , january 15 , 2007 , that the supreme court of the philippines ' ( logo or seal ) was mysteriously burned into halves by an almost one hour afternoon fire .
34	other animals appearing on the show included a chesapeake bay retriever named spray ( real name was chobee from okeechobee , florida ) ( seen only in a few early episodes ) , a seal , a baby elephant , alligator , a female albino dolphin ( whose baby flipper fathered during her only appearance , in the '' white dolphin '' episode ) ; and another female dolphin , introduced at the end of the second season , dubbed '' lorelei '' by the ricks family .
10	sights at the notojima aquarium visitors can watch dolphin and seal shows , animal feeding and meet many species in the ` touch and feel ' tank .
12	within the order carnivora are the pinniped ( sealion , walrus and seal ) , the polar bear ( ursus maritimus ) , and two otter ( enhydra lutris and lontra feline ) .
30	louis vii ordered the use of fleur-de-lis clothing in his son philip's coronation in 1179 , while the first visual evidence of clearly heraldic use dates from 1211 : a seal showing the future louis viii and his shield strewn with the '' flowers '' .
15	despite the short time he was a king , he was issued an official jade seal ( 玉璽 yù xǐ ) , which is an exhibit in the hong kong museum of history ( 香港歷史博物館 ) .
14	these involve authentication factors like : a difficult-to-reproduce physical artifact , such as a seal , signature , watermark , special stationery , or fingerprint .
2	sumerian cylinder seal also depict houses built from reeds not unlike those built by the marsh arabs of southern iraq until as recently as 400 ce .
10	uses an epdm rubber roof epdm rubber is used in seal ( for example , it is used in cold-room doors since it is an insulator , as well as in the face seals of industrial respirators in automotive paint spray environments , where silicone must be avoided ) .
17	recent projects include recordings with sarah brightman and the lso , paul young , jeff beck , seal , dame shirley bassey , kerry ellis and paul carrack .
9	the pliocene seas were alive with sea cow , seal and sea lion .
5	one night to remember , seal 's second live album , was recorded at the kesselhaus in düsseldorf , germany .
21	pressurized oil enters the center of the housing and passes into a drum rotor free to spin on a bearing and seal .
22	another image shows the pope and a number of bishops presenting a large papal bull , carrying a total of 11 ecclesiastic seal but no text .
3	the originator 's seal was attached pendent from the document , so that it did not have to be broken in order for the document to be read .
34	history formation and stereoid lotfi , pál and walkó first met in 2005 , when behnam lotfi 's techno producer duo , collins and behnam planned to produce a cover version of adamski and seal 's killer and was in search of a vocalist .
5	it is home to a seal colony and has never supported a human population .
4	he also played with seal and appeared in the video release one night to remember .
6	it is sometimes converted into imitation seal .
9	the logo of melammu is taken from an achaemenid seal discovered on the northeast coast of the black sea and represents the goddess anahita , mounted on a lion and surrounded by the divine radiance , appearing to a persian king .
15	as a boy , he was the sole survivor of an attack by giant baby seal orchestrated by a mysterious man riding a tiger called catwulf on the people of kinmundy , it claimed the lives of the warrior 's mother and father .
31	career born in wolverhampton , staffordshire , england , lewis , known for possessing a higher-timbred , yet rich voice and impeccable diction , drew comparisons to fellow english musician , seal .
17	today , distribution and movement of game , especially the beluga , bowhead whale , caribou , seal , walrus , fur-bearing animals , polar bear and grizzly bear , directly affect the lives of tikigaq .
14	for the rest of his life , he used a cross as his personal seal , with several variations , for the documents of his diocese and the riksråd .
9	paris hilton , sharon stone , richard gere , seal , mariah carey , tom jones , & monica bellucci at the mardan palace opening in antalya , turkey .
1	his seal featured the figure of a drinking horn .
20	martin performed the song on second series of the voice australia with fellow judges delta goodrem , joel madden and seal .
28	thus was the foundation of a new english province laid , and father william staney recognizing the zeal of john gennings , now gave into his hands the seal of the old province of the english observants .
13	bryan adams deep purple kim wilde wadaiko yamato abba mania jean michel jarre seal sting vanessa-mae australian pink floyd show lord of the dance andrea bocelli carmen kool & the gang tiësto enrique iglesias scorpions buena vista faithless eros ramazzotti elton john 50 cent references external links gallery image : steelarena3 .
58	the debut album , waiting for the tide , was recorded in the summer of 1996 at jacob 's studios in farnham , surrey with an all-star cast featuring drummer darren mooney from primal scream , bassist jon noyce from jethro tull , keyboard player reg webb of lenny kravitz and produced by ace guitarist greg bone ( seal , sting , take that ) and sound engineer robin black , wings , the who , and pink floyd .
2	the artist seal covered this song for the space jam soundtrack , even sampling steve miller 's original '' space intro '' parts in the song 's chorus .
9	he is also known to have bore a waxen seal which depicted a sailing ship on one side and a lion on the other .
53	on 30 june 1407 , a papal mandate was issued to the bishop of dunkeld and the bishop of caithness to receive alexander 's oath of fealty to the papal see , and to ensure that a copy of the oath was sent to the papal court by letters patent under alexander 's seal .
0	seal performed '' weight of my mistakes '' , with cheryl burke , chelsie hightower , kym johnson , and lacey schwimmer dancing .
12	his name is denoted with the letters k and t in his seal .
11	an exception is the black-faced sheathbill , an opportunistic scavenger around seal and penguin colonies and the only solely terrestrial breeding bird species present on the islands .
25	personal life and other projects hexum produced the gold-selling soundtrack to the adam sandler / drew barrymore film 50 first dates - including songs for seal , jason mraz , etc. hexum appeared on the joe strummer track '' it 's a rockin ' world '' , from alongside flea and tom morello .
20	the charter is called '' golden '' due to its impressive ( and undoubtedly authentic ) golden bull , or seal .
12	leconte bay is a very steep-sided fjord that is home to a seal rookery and the terminus of leconte glacier .
9	in march 2013 it was announced as mentor to seal 's artists for the 2013 australian season of tv talent quest , the voice .
37	the following year he joined azoff 's executive office as an assistant and runner to the artists -- a position that would get the aspiring songwriter up close and personal with the eagles , christina aguilera , seal , jewel , eddie van halen , brian wilson , bush , and many other top acts .
1	when seal fell in the water , mylène farmer does n't help or ca n't help him , all interpretations are free .
12	favoured habitat includes freshwater pools and streams fringed by tussock grassland , seal wallows and poorly drained land next to wetlands and melting snow , as well as coastal habitats .
41	les mots ( 2001 -- 2003 ) at the end of 2001 , and seventeen years into her career , universal issued farmer 's first greatest hits collection : les mots whose title track and lead single , a duet with seal , became an enormous hit .
8	history in 1876 the islands were granted a seal consisting of an image of hms hebe ( which brought many of the early british settlers to the islands , including richard moody , in the 1840s ) in falkland sound , overlooked by a bullock ( representing wild cattle which once roamed the islands ) .
14	owned and operated by associated pleasure parks , the zoo had such attractions as seal , penguins , raccoon , pelican , chimpanzee , a whale , african elephant , tiger and an orangutan .
30	upon a request by the julius bien company in new york city to provide a description of the municipal banner , the common council adopted its first official flag and seal .
25	the economy of the island was depressed due to decreased demand for newfoundland cod and hamilton encouraged diversification of the fisheries to include whale , seal and salmon .
23	the 2006 delhi sealing drive was a campaign by the municipal corporation of delhi ( mcd ) to close ( and thus '' seal '' the locks of ) a number of illegal commercial establishments in delhi , india which are running in residential areas without authorization .
18	in 2007 and 2008 , oscar dyson took scientists to the bering sea so that they could capture seal on the ice there and attach satellite tags to them with which to collect movement and behavior data .
0	seal , whose hits include crazy , kiss from a rose , killer and future love paradise .
29	; les coulisses de l'apprentissage ( sea lion show ) a live demonstration of the learning techniques used with all the mammals in the park , in which the seal and sea lion trainers disclose some of the '' ropes '' for preparing the show , the better to understand the basis of the relationship between humans and animals .
22	march 17 -- the territory of nunavut bans importation of alcohol from europe , in retaliation for the european union ban on seal products .
38	in november 2004 , pet shop boys played at the prince 's trust concert titled produced by trevor horn with other artists who had worked with famous british producer trevor horn , including grace jones , abc , seal and frankie goes to hollywood .
51	first sighted in 1906 , various theories have been proposed for as to the identity of this sea serpent , ranging from a hoax or mistaken identity , to the suggestion that the creature is a surviving species of plesiosaur or that it is a previously undiscovered species of long necked seal .
24	it seems to have had personal details ( acting to identify a body the same way a modern dog tag does ) with a seal or stamp to authenticate it .
0	seal .
13	airman applying caulk to baseboard caulking is one of several different processes to seal joints or seams in various structures and some types of piping .
4	guitarist randy jacobs ( seal , tears for fears , was not was ) .
8	'' the beginning '' is a song by seal .
48	his career in music video direction has included notable videos for a diverse array of musicians including carrie underwood , my chemical romance , john mayer , three days grace , billy corgan ( as well as corgan 's band , the smashing pumpkins ) , evanescence , seal , audioslave , prince , jack white & alicia keys , slipknot , sevendust , bullet for my valentine , avenged sevenfold , matisyahu , mötley crüe , goo goo dolls , miley cyrus & snoop lion , static-x and death cab for cutie .
3	marine mammals include seal , walrus , and several species of cetacea -- baleen whale and also narwhal , killer whale and belugas .
11	levin 's session career commitments -- mostly to peter gabriel and seal -- were also obstructing future king crimson activity .
12	the first single and music video released off this album was the seal cover '' kiss from a rose '' ( originally from the soundtrack of the film batman forever ) .
12	other session and touring work sancious has done includes living colour , seal , bryan ferry , julia fordham , robbie dupree , natalie merchant , eric clapton , jon anderson of yes , and hall & oates .
9	special attractions besides the well-known attractions such as the seal crèche in pieterburen , the center for mud flat walking and the lauwersmeer area , there are also some other attractions .
18	by 1245 , the family of gurren of haag had already begun using a horse salient as their seal device .
16	for example , oils , and grease , and rubber , or plastic gasket used as seal for the vacuum chamber must not boil off when exposed to the vacuum , or the gases they produce would prevent the creation of the desired degree of vacuum .
19	on july 24 , 1579 english privateer sir francis drake landed on the islands , in order to collect seal meat and bird eggs for his ship .
17	during this time , wolf worked on projects for artists such as mc lyte , prince , seal , new kids on the block , nona gaye , coolio , new edition , sheena easton , laquan and bell biv devoe .
9	remixed artists include : prince , the cure , seal , nitzer ebb , peter gabriel , depeche mode , & the human league 1990 -- 1992 : guerilla and bassomatic orbit founded guerilla records at the beginning of the 90s , releasing vinyl discs from artists such as leftfield , underworld , felix da housecat and dj pierre in the then-new genre of ' progressive house ' , and hosting illegal rave parties in disused warehouses in central london , before forming the band bassomatic , fascinating rhythm being their biggest hit .
30	pop songs using pedal points include '' fly like an eagle '' by the steve miller band , '' superstition '' by stevie wonder , and '' crazy '' by seal .
7	jack black humorously performed an excerpt of seal 's '' kiss from a rose '' for the judges , as kyle gass sat in the audience holding a rose , acting moved by the song .
4	steven sealbird : half seal , half seabird and another hollywuz movie director whose film making was interrupted by hoppo .
12	mike walden would often comment that safety equipment included '' genuine saskatchewan seal - skin bindings '' ( even though saskatchewan is landlocked ) .
9	predation at sea is insignificant though large shark and seal may rarely snatch a gannet out at sea .
28	beyond human habitation , the island 's diverse habitats are home to an assortment of flora and fauna , such as the golden eagle , red deer and seal and are recognized in a number of conservation areas .
41	1981 - 1985 : conservatory köln 1985 - 1988 : scholarship holder at the herbert karajan stiftung in berlin for classic trumpet ( professors : robert platt and ack van rooyen ) baldauf played with james brown , liza minnelli , seal , shirley bassey , michael bublé , and he was on tour with maceo parker , joe zawinul , shirley bassey , udo jürgens .
46	biography midnight has produced and written songs for more than 30 films including rocky iv , the bodyguard , bull durham , lizzie mcguire and ruthless people , as well as for such notable and varied artists as cher , billy joel , joni mitchell , seal , barbra streisand , britney spears , christina aguilera , james brown , chaka khan , joe cocker , the doobie brothers , '' weird al '' yankovic , jamey johnson , george thorogood , john waite , hilary duff , dan hartman and paul young .
3	hunting is for seal , walrus , caribou , and beluga whale .
21	people flocked to the attraction , not only for the rides , but for vaudeville acts and aquarium creatures , including seal and a tiger shark .
11	food sources hunted meats : sea mammals such as walrus , seal , and whale .
23	during the 1960s he became involved in conservation activities -- promoting the establishment of wildlife reserves on several of the islands and surveying seal populations there .
53	after '' totori no mura '' ( totori 's village ) , which enables visitors to see birds flying freely in a huge cage , the zoo continued to install new facilities including polar bear aquatic park , a '' walk - through '' penguin aquarium , an orangutan trapeze , and a seal aquarium which includes a vertical tube through which the seals can swim .
2	jpg the seal of the moravian church , the agnus dei window with the lamb of god carrying the vexillum file : agnus dei .
44	the population in 2002 was the indigenous population ( from 1872 to the 1950s when it was resettled to the mainland ) consisted of about 50 -- 300 nenetses who subsisted mainly on fishing , trapping , reindeer herding , polar bear hunting and seal hunting .
22	his throne name was thought to be aakheperre , from a few monuments naming an aakheperre osorkon -- such as a faience seal and a block .
13	the strongest evidence of albin 's relationship with henry is that his episcopal seal bore the arms of earl david .
11	the city of cracow uses a coat of arms , a seal , official colors , a flag , and a banner as its official symbols .
9	the name jaazaniah appears on a sixth-century bc onyx seal discovered during the excavation of the tell en-nasbeh site , likely the biblical city of mizpah in benjamin , near jerusalem , conducted between 1926 and 1935 by william frederic badè of the pacific school of religion in berkeley , ca .
19	konono nº1 collaborated on '' imagine '' for the 2010 herbie hancock album , the imagine project along with seal , p!nk , india.arie , jeff beck , oumou sangare and others .
46	released in 2013 , the real thing was well received by critics and featured an all-star lineup of cameos including grammy-nominated vocalist wayna , dj kid koala , butterscotch ( from america 's got talent ) , guitarist chris bruce ( me’shell ndegeocello , india.arie , seal , sheryl crow ) , and bassist dan lutz ( sheila e . , bebe winans , gladys knight , jonathan butler ) .
7	his audition impressed both joel madden and seal enough to turn their chairs for him and he ultimately chose to progress in the competition on team joel .
14	these claims included : fighting amongst the insurrectionists in uruguay , to have hunted seal down the south american coast and around cape horn as well as labrador , and to have played rugby in france , germany , south africa , india and north and south america .
6	this was inspired by the medieval seal of eric of pomerania in which the three lions jointy hold the danish flag .
43	commercial performance in the united states , my love is your love was released on november 17 , 1998 when major records were released simultaneously for the holidays by high-profile musicians like garth brooks , jewel , method man , the offspring and seal besides her .
1	his seal , along with that of other scottish prelates , was appended to the obligation document drawn up for king david ii 's ransom at an assembly in edinburgh on 26 september 1357 .
41	on 5 october 2011 , he celebrated his 35th birthday in a lavish fashion in the presence of several hollywood stars , including the actor jean-claude van damme and the actress hilary swank as well as british violinist vanessa-mae , singer seal and many others .
13	the coat of arms dates back to the 16th century , when official seal depicting the images of saints peter and paul and the letter b first appeared .
7	abraham has also worked with artists like seal , saint etienne and madonna .
39	it featured a beached female hyneria attempting to catch prey by sliding along the muddy ground like a walrus to catch two hynerpeton ( with the narrator explaining that it could '' attack like a killer whale after a seal '' ) .
32	he is a prolific session musician and guitarist who has played on a large number of albums since the early 1980s with artists as varied as minoru niihara , joni mitchell , seal , michael jackson , james taylor , helen watson , richard marx , steve perry , pink floyd , roger daltrey , glenn frey , and miles davis .
31	gameplay returning from the previous four starfy titles are the costume series of power ups - this time , it is a ghost , dragon , chicken , and an ice-tailed seal costume .
61	'' taylor has cited influences such as david bowie , metric , death cab , r.e.m , the decemberists , ambulance ltd , tegan and sarah , radiohead , robbie williams , elton john , belle and sebastian , elbow , inxs , garbage , muse , peter gabriel , queen , sufjan stevens , billy joel , yoko kanno , seal , and the police .
19	the first series premiered on the nine network on 15 april 2012 featuring delta goodrem , joel madden , seal and keith urban as the coaches .
39	adamski ( born adam paul tinley , 4 december 1967 ) is an english dance music producer , prominent at the time of acid house for his tracks '' n-r-g '' and '' killer '' ( a collaboration with seal ) .
1	the seal of eric i , the first known example of the coat of arms of schleswig .
34	as a keyboardist/vocalist he has additionally toured or performed live with other artists including michael mcdonald , kenny loggins , sheena easton , jewel , edgar winter , al stewart , david becker and seal .
7	a rubber gasket makes for a tight seal against the wire .
30	in 1985 , greenland left the european economic community ( eec ) upon achieving self-rule , in view of the eec 's commercial fishing regulations and an eec ban on seal skin products .
30	his clients list includes , amongst others artists , kanye west , nicki minaj , frank ocean , nas , bon iver , the black eyed peas , k'naan , seal , john legend , record labels capitol records , universal music , sony , warner bros . print and broadcast media billboard , rolling stone , vogue , mtv , rizzoli , fashion personalities like designer jeremy scott and model heidi klum , the charity oxfam and manufacturers coca cola , foot locker , nike , adidas , vans .
9	'' do n't cry '' is a song by seal .
70	written in the ( early modern spelling of the ) dutch language , it is inspired by the motto of the united dutch provinces ( first dutch republic , predecessor of the current kingdom of the netherlands ) , ( currently also the official motto of the neighboring kingdom of belgium ) and translated '' in unity , there is strength . '' the motto is displayed on the borough seal and flag , which also feature a young robed woman bearing a bundle of bound rods known as a '' fasces '' , a traditional emblem of republicanism .
9	lutak inlet is frequented by numerous sea lion , seal , and orca .
30	it has been covered by several artists , including deborah harry , regina belle , hall & oates , bette midler , boz scaggs , lambchop , michael mcdonald and seal .
17	mr. lung eventually helps the mayor capture capt lu and pai yu ching after they find the seal that makes counterfeit money .
9	other production work price was the album producer on seal 's fifth studio album system , which was released in november 2007 .
17	and funeral for a friend , as well as pop artists prince , madonna , björk , seal , annie lennox and pet shop boys .
5	symbols an engraving of the seal of the order , showing its '' tau '' symbol .
15	marina becomes a regular member of stingray s crew , and later acquires a pet seal pup named oink , who appears in a number of episodes .
16	description the lamp consists of a crescent-shaped cup of carved soapstone , filled with whale or seal blubber .
25	clearly the porthaus accepted this interpretation of their name , since the blazon of their arms ( without tinctures , as the source is a seal ) was : a lion rampant and in chief two towers crenellated , masoned and inflamed , one to the dexter and the other to the sinister .
5	the latest form of the seal was introduced in 1938 with the arms somewhat altered from -- but very similar in concept to -- one that was earlier used .
10	influenza b viruses are only known to infect human and seal , giving them influenza .
33	fauna the islands are home to birds and insects such as butterflies , moth , weevil , and spider as well as wildlife typical of the southern oceans such as penguin , and seal and seabirds .
19	on march 10 , 2012 , the soul rebels shared the stage with kanye west , snoop dogg and seal at brad pitt 's night to make it right foundation new orleans after-party , hosted by comedian aziz ansari .
18	the wildlife here is limited to polar bear , arctic fox , caribou , hares , lemmings , seal , muskox , and migratory birds .
7	the first known usage was on a seal from 1390 .
7	on 20 august he went hunting for seal in his kayak in tugtilik fjord and did not return .
16	when walking on the beach near the pier , it is possible to see otter and seal .
14	it is made of dried fish meat or fish roe mixed with fat ( seal or reindeer ) and berries ( bilberry or crowberry ) extended with edible plant bulbs or stems , ground and pounded together for a long time to yield a white paste .
4	some , for example seal and otter , move through more than one type of medium .
35	hunting beagle and fox ( 1885 ) by bruno liljefors the earliest historical records of fox hunting come from the 4th century bc ; alexander the great is known to have hunted foxes and a seal dated from 350 bc depicts a persian horseman in the process of spearing a fox .
14	astt camps are often found along coasts and streams , to take advantage of seal or salmon populations .
13	in the period that enguerrand founded his order , he chose a new seal .
41	intraguild predation between sharks and toothed whales usually involves large sharks preying upon dolphin and porpoise while also competing with them for fish prey , but orca reverse this trend by preying upon large sharks while competing for large fish and seal prey .
39	on september 6 , 2007 , zhuo yongsheng ( director of a tv station 's news center run by the administration office of the nature reserve at mount changbaishan , jilin ) , shot a 20-minute video of 6 seal - like , finned '' lake tianchi monster '' , near the border with the democratic people 's republic of korea ( dprk ) .
19	sangaré contributed vocals to '' imagine '' for the 2010 herbie hancock album the imagine project , along with seal , p!nk , india.arie , jeff beck , konono nº1 and others .
5	animals at the zoo include seal , penguin , wallabies , flamingo , dwarf otters , ocelot , beaver , and pelican .
29	'' les mots '' ( english : '' the words '' ) is a 2001 song recorded as a duet by french singer-songwriter mylène farmer and english soul singer seal .
12	he became tutor to the young king , guardian of the royal seal and a key adviser to queen margaret , while guillaume was appointed abbot of a monastery near maletto .
23	legends a legend connected with loch duich states that three brothers who went fishing at the loch one night became enraptured by three seal - maidens who had thrown off their furs , assumed the likeness of humans , and danced in the moonlight on the sands .
10	'' prayer for the dying '' is a song by seal .
7	they are traditionally stored by submerging in seal oil ( the '' tlingit refrigerator '' ) , but in modern times may be canned , salted , or frozen , the latter usually in vacuum sealed bags .
14	it concerned the mythical creature called the selkie ( in this case , a seal - woman ) .
13	2013 -- present in april 2013 , connie mitchell was a mentor to seal 's artists on the australian version of the voice .
13	it is the symbol of the catholic university of leuven , in whose seal it is enclosed in a vesica piscis shape whose margin bears the text '' universitas catholica lovaniensis .
3	alexander iii 's seal illustrates the armament of a contemporary mounted knight .
8	it is used as a motto on the seal of lund university .
21	waterfowl and shorebirds occupy the bay during all but the winter season , while waterbirds and marine mammals including otter , seal , porpoise , and whale remain in the bay all year .
27	twin horrible deaths happened on/circa the same day last year , january 15 , 2007 , that the supreme court of the philippines ' ( logo or seal ) was mysteriously burned into halves by an almost one hour afternoon fire .
38	they also consume a range of invertebrates , including freshwater fairy shrimp ( brachinecta gaini ) , marine amphipod , diptera , small clam , nematode and snail , foraging in the intertidal zone and sometimes scavenging at seal carcasses .
8	one exceptional find was the discovery of a seal stamp made of a lead-tin alloy which portrayed the coat of arms of the lords of hademstorf as the former lords of the castle .
16	popular examples are coral , sponge , fish , sting ray , mollusc , cetacea , seal , shark and crustacean .
10	one theory suggests that it was a sea lion or seal .
12	the display was the '' northern panorama '' , the foreground featured seal and walrus in a pool .
16	paynter began touring , serving as a supporting act for vanessa amorosi , newton faulkner , seal and the veronicas on their revenge is sweeter tour .
13	such lenses were used by artisans for fine work , and for authenticating seal impressions .
8	aleut women sewed finely stitched waterproof parkas from seal gut , and wove fine baskets from dune wildrye grass or elymus mollis .
52	performances have included luciano pavarotti , đorđe balašević , andrea bocelli , jose carreras , dino merlin , jamiroquai , anastacia , eros ramazzoti , maksim mrvica , norah jones , zucchero , zdravko čolić , alanis morissette , sinéad o'connor , elton john , 2cellos , sting , michael bolton , seal , il divo , tom jones , gibonni , manu chao and oliver dragojević .
30	another of the tracks on still waters is performed with the south african group , ladysmith black mambazo , and '' ca n't stop the river '' was written by seal .
0	seal recorded this song for his 2008 album soul , and his 2009 album , soul live .
9	the people lived on fishing and the hunting of seal and sea bird .
14	'' notable figures interviewed include ringo starr , hugh jackman , david copperfield , seal , bob geldof , baz luhrmann , jack thompson , princess michael of kent and lawrence blair .
13	he has since performed , or recorded with mc 900 foot jesus , seal , joe henry , the the , the psychedelic furs , trevor horn , pet shop boys , art of noise , the frames , richard thompson , jeff beck and many others .
2	1896 the seal and motto of peder palladius , the first protestant bishop to reside in the property , is placed above the gate .
21	the few tourists who reach the mcmurdo sound find spectacular scenery with wildlife to be seen , including killer whale , seal , adelie penguin , and emperor penguin .
84	counterfeiting money , or attempting to coin genuine legal tender without due authorization ; tampering with wills , codicils , or such-like legal instruments ; prying into the correspondence of others to their prejudice ; using false weights and measures , adulterating merchandise , so as to render saleable what purchasers would otherwise never buy , or so as to derive larger profits from goods otherwise marketable only at lower figures ; bribing judges , suborning witnesses ; advancing false testimony ; manufacturing spurious seal ; forging signatures ; padding accounts ; interpolating the texts of legal enactments ; and sharing in the pretended birth of supposititious offspring are among the chief forms which this crime assumes .
11	magnus håkonsson ( the law-mender ) gave jämtland its first known seal 1274 .
4	simultaneously , coins and seal inscribed with a mysterious script were also discovered .
20	the legal corporate entity was '' the abbess and convent '' which could transact business by affixing its single corporate seal .
16	festive clothing is commonly worn to the event , and highly decorated mukluk and parkas of seal , caribou , wolverine , wolf , and fox are abundant .
55	productions directed since the late 1990s , lather has directed many large productions adding another stage to his director/choreographer career , directing world tours & live television performances for usher , p.diddy , mariah carey , rihanna , ciara , pussycat dolls , sean kingston , ashlee simpson , pharrell , gwen stefani , and seal .
8	it is home to one of the largest seal colonies in iceland , among others at hindisvík and ósar .
42	the cd is positioned to reach a broad and popular audience with an accessible collection of inspiring tracks from artists including sarah mclachlan , ziggy marley , peter gabriel , michael franti , sheryl crow , krishna das , anjelique kidjo , seal & guru singh , anoushka shankar & sting .
9	they found only a single container that was still seal by the high priest , with enough oil to keep the menorah in the temple lit for a single day .
14	a successful trader , fanning made a fortune in the china trade , killing seal in the south pacific and exchanging their skins in china for silk , spice , and tea ; which he in turn sold in new york city .
28	heimdallr is said to be the originator of social class among humanity and once regained freyja 's treasured possession brísingamen while doing battle in the shape of a seal with loki .
7	in 1838 , he made the silver seal of the duchy of lancaster , claiming to have invented a new process by which the punch or die could be cast in metal directly from the original wax or clay mould , rather than having to be copied by hand engraving .
8	wildlife wildlife on the island includes otter , seal and heron .
21	the album also contained some new material including the songs '' les mots '' ( a duet with the british singer seal ) and '' c'est une belle journée '' , both of which became top five hits .
20	other artists he has produced include john howard , paul mccartney , tom jones , cher , grace jones , seal , propaganda , tina turner , lisa stansfield , pet shop boys , simple minds , eros ramazzotti , mike oldfield , marc almond , charlotte church , t.a.t.u. , leann rimes , genesis and belle & sebastian .
46	the forelimbs had the required range of movement to push the body up and forward , probably allowing the animal to drag itself across flat land by synchronous ( rather than alternate ) '' crutching '' movements , much like that of a mudskipper or a seal .
33	history prior to the founding of yeshiva college in 1928 , riets , or yeshivat rabbeinu yitzchak elchanan ( the institutional name in its hebrew version , and as it appears on the seal of all affiliates of yeshiva university ) referred to both the talmudical academy ( mta ) and the post-high school yeshiva and semicha program .
17	the stout whiting is also a major prey species itself for a number of species , with seal , dolphin and larger fish known predators of the species .
25	'' amoré ( sexo ) '' was such a smash that clive davis personally asked mendez to produce additional santana tracks with artists such as seal and nickelback .
25	particularly in summer , the nutrient-rich sea water supports an abundant planktonic life in turn providing food for larger species , such as fish , seal , whale , and sea - and shore - bird .
20	1904 version with image of the raleigh but still retaining latin inscription the state of new hampshire has held two seal since it declared its independence from great britain on january 5 , 1776 .
16	if either party takes an appeal , the lower court produces a copy with a unique seal to authenticate the formal record .
9	on 4 september 1439 , bishop bullock appended his seal to the contract between joan beaufort , queen dowager , and sir alexander livingston of callendar , a contract that made livingstone guardian of the boy king , james ii of scotland .
9	his new design , the foka ( polish for seal ) drew from both nowkuński 's earlier designs and the promising french and american constructions of the epoch .
30	) , pinworm , aelurostrongylus , paragonimiasis , strongyle and strongyloide and can be administered to sheep , cattle , horse , fish , dog , cat , rabbits and seal .
9	'' get it together '' is a song by seal .
6	this would become the de facto seal of unovis that took the place of individual names or initials .
38	the ancient aleut name for a sea kayak is iqyak , and earliest models were constructed from a light wooden frame ( tied together with sinew or baleen ) and covered with sea mammal ( sea lion or seal ) hides .
12	one night when the frodis-water inhabitants were gathering for dinner , a seal 's head began to emerge from the floor .
5	jpg brunswick lion on 1231 seal of the city of brunswick .
4	'' her rendition of seal 's '' kiss from a rose '' was nominated for best ac single at the 2006 canadian radio music awards , while her version of etta james ' '' at last '' was featured in the real divas torch light volume 2 compilation .
45	the three genera of influenzavirus , which are identified by antigenic differences in their nucleoprotein and matrix protein , infect vertebrates as follows : influenzavirus a infects humans , other mammals , and birds , and causes all flu pandemic influenzavirus b infects humans and seal influenzavirus c infects humans , pig and dog .
32	in the next few years ofm consistently charted on the billboard charts with production , remixer , and writers credits with britney spears , justin timberlake , beyoncé , kelly rowland , seal , usher , blue cantrell , backstreet boys , birdman , alanis morissette , janet jackson , annie lennox , dolce , tina ann , fabolous , bone crusher , shakira , and jessica simpson .
72	that the town council is desirous of having armorial bearing duly established with lawful authority and he therefore as town mayor of the town of horwich and on behalf of the council thereof did request the favor of his grace 's warrant for our granting and assigning such arms and crest as we may consider fit and proper to be borne and used by the town council of horwich on its common seal or otherwise according to the laws of arms .
11	likewise new zealand became a home for hunters seeking whale and seal in the 1790s with later non-commercial settlements by the scottish in the 1820s and 30s .
12	in coastal areas , they will feed on beached marine mammal , seal , fish and mussel .
11	mr. croack frog bibbo the owl jojo the baboon samson the seal shirley the sheep walter the woodpecker willy the woodpecker hilda the hippo robby the rooster paul the polar bear down hill donny the stork nessie the cow calvin the calf - a juvenile cow who always has the need to suck on an udder .
5	both are comparable to a seal .
32	at the height of her days at malmaison , joséphine had the company of kangaroos , emus , black swans , zebras , sheep , gazelles , ostriches , chamois , a seal , antelopes and llama to name a few .
7	the island has large sand dune where seal and otter can be found .
9	nashville ) scritti politti ( us ) johnny sea seal brady seals ( warner bros. .
2	the official seal of the united states tax court bears the fasces at its center .
18	in earlier times , even biologists did not make a distinction -- sixteenth century natural historians classified also seal , whale , amphibian , crocodile , even hippopotamus , as well as a host of aquatic invertebrates , as fish .
1	a seal of the abbot of arbroath , showing the murder of becket .
25	toward the end of the 12th century , konungs skuggsjá , an old norse philosophical didactic work , featured several descriptions of the whale , seal , and monster of the iceland seas .
18	lochlann , the sons of niall , and guðrøðr óláfsson hatton 's 17th-century illustration of a charter and seal of haraldr , which were lost in the fire which destroyed much of the cottonian library .
19	at the same time a hurried population of consumer wanted a fast and easy way to open and effectively seal food bags -- originally bread hence the name .
12	however , there were some 45 sealers operating in the area and seal were already becoming rare ( a mere two years after the discovery of the islands ) , and so he scouted for new hunting grounds .
5	aulay macaulay of ardincaple 's seal , in 1593 , is blazoned : a fess chequy and in chief a buckle .
12	in 2007 he began remixing for leela james , michael bublé and seal for warner bros. .
4	they shot and ate seal , walrus , and especially polar bear throughout the march .
10	duchy of warsaw and victory in the 1809 austro-polish war seal of prince józef as minister of war of the duchy of warsaw .
1	its seal depicts a large castle located in the town .
7	10th independent music awards judging panel included seal , fall out boy , portishead , mccoy tyner , counting crows , aerosmith , ozzy osbourne , suzanne vega , jesse harris , tom waits , aimee mann , jonatha brooke among other notable artists and music industry professionals .
10	they have also done session work and/or wrote songs with seal , k.d . lang , joni mitchell , meshell ndegeocello , pearl jam , terence trent d'arby , lisa germano , lisa marie presley , liz phair , michael penn , grace jones , tricky , the three o'clock , uh huh her , sheryl crow , victoria williams , rob thomas , gwen stefani , skye edwards , scritti politti , nerina pallot , ok go , madonna , the like , nina gordon , fdeluxe , the family , doyle bramhall ii , nikka costa , andre cymone , kate earl , eric clapton , bettye lavette and more and vocals on the soundtrack for toys and their first scoring work , for dangerous minds .
4	radical 26 meaning '' seal '' is 1 of 23 kangxi radicals ( 214 radicals total ) composed of two strokes .
42	her keel was laid down by the moran company in seattle , washington , as walrus , making her the first ship of the united states navy to be named for the walrus , a gregarious , aquatic mammal related to the seal found in arctic waters , but on 17 november 1911 she was renamed k-4 .
24	after the war of 1812 whaling became a very important part of groton 's economy , but most of the expeditions were still for seal skins .
5	the flexible nature of this seal allows pressure effects to cross the barrier but not the material being contained .
25	the rzucewo people had domesticated cattle , pigs , some goats , but did little cultivation and engaged in fishery and hunting , especially of seal , then numerous along the baltic coast .
45	cornwall in late summer 5 january species seen : shore crab , pipefish , dormice , badgers , little egret , butterflies ( gatekeeper , red admirals , marbled white , skipper ) , moth ( rosy footman , swallowtailed , scarce silver-lines ) , seal the first episode has some superb photography of badgers at dusk , which captivated oddie : '' one of the wildest animals i 've ever seen '' .
2	not all seal are preserved .
51	towards the end of that decade and into the 1990s , massy was an engineer on recordings from a diverse group of internationally-known artists , including aerosmith , babyface , big daddy kane , the black crowes , bobby brown , danzig , prince , geto boys , julio iglesias , seal , skunk anansie , paula abdul , seigmen , and many others .
1	unlike seal and other general emblem , heraldic achievements have a formal description called a blazon , expressed in a jargon that allows for consistency in heraldic depictions .
19	her association with horn , led on to working with musical artists such as frankie goes to hollywood , seal , marc almond , rod stewart , robbie williams and more recently with siphiwo .
10	marine mammals as a class ( whale , porpoise , seal , and polar bear ) , for the most part , found protection under the passage of the marine mammal protection act ( public law 92-522 ) of 1972 , which prevented extinction or depletion from indiscriminate taking , including hunting , harassment , capture , and killing ( permitted takings , including for subsistence and research purposes , must be accomplished humanely , with '' the least degree of pain and suffering practicable to the animal '' ) .
14	the b-side is a cover version of english producer adamski 's and english musician seal 's 1990 single '' killer '' .
21	for example , shuvalov obtained for himself an exclusive right to export lumber , lard , blubber oil and monopolized the seal trade .
24	as of 2008 , the following sections remain fully in force : secure fencing and handrails for teagle openings and doorways ; water - seal gasholder .
16	the cooked eggs may be salted , frozen , dried in cakes , or submerged in seal oil to preserve them for use throughout the year .
23	one of the primary values of spray-foam insulation is its ability to create an airtight ( and in some cases , watertight ) seal directly against the substrate to reduce the undesirable effects of air leakage .
18	by the mid - '90s , he was gracing music videos by such stars as mariah carey , seal , and george michael , and appearing in low-budget '' independent '' films in los angeles .
8	the islands and surrounding bays hold the only seal colonies in turkey .
20	a portion of the area of the disc is used for intake and compression , a portion is used to seal against a center casing , and the remaining portion is used for expansion and exhaust .
8	the phrase is used both for the physical seal itself ( which is kept by the u.s. secretary of state ) , and more generally for the design impressed upon it .
5	the import and sale of seal products was banned in the u.s. in 1972 over conservation concerns about canadian seals .
7	hits is a 2009 compilation album by seal , released by warner bros. records .
19	fema as an independent agency ( 1979 2003 ) national fire prevention and control administration redirects here the fema seal before 2003 the fema flag before 2003 fema was established under the 1978 reorganization plan no. 3 , and activated april 1 , 1979 , by president jimmy carter in his .
17	ex - tusk was commissioned into the republic of china navy as hai pao ( meaning '' seal '' ) , first with hull number ss-92 , then ss-794 , and finally ss-792 .
19	28 february - at the 38th annual grammy awards in los angeles : trevor horn ( producer ) & seal win record of the year for '' kiss from a rose '' .
50	the seven very different contestants share a mansion '' somewhere in saskatchewan ... '' where they compete in challenges to avoid extinction ( the show 's version of disqualification ) , supervised by the show 's host , claude the vulture in the first season , and later bobbie the seal in the second .
26	after the song , the countess , seeing cherubino 's military commission , notices that the count was in such a hurry that he forgot to seal it with his signet ring ( which would be necessary to make it an official document ) .
108	activities/master classes the academy is a host to master-classes by nationally and internationally-renowned musicians , producers and managers including : albert lee ( eric clapton , the everly brothers ) , laurie jenkins ( kasabian , beverley knight ) , guthrie govan ( dizzee rascal ) , ash soan ( adele , robbie williams ) , katie holmes ( professor green , lily allen ) , oli saville and nathan curran ( basement jaxx ) , luke bullen and arnulf linder ( kt tunstall ) , dave troke ( overtones ) , vintage trouble , vula malinga ( mark ronson , sam sparro ) , simon have ( seal , george michael ) , bruce findlay ( simple minds ) .
41	background prior to the release of the album , cook was a songwriter , session musician and backing vocalist for other artists , and had worked with paul young , george michael , marc almond , frankie goes to hollywood , seal and gerry rafferty .
36	the contributing artists on the cd are : bono and the edge , eddie vedder , paul simon and edie brickell , faith hill , sade , lauryn hill , rita wilson , diana krall , seal , dave matthews band , sting , alanis morissette , edward sharpe and the magnetic zeros , david bowie , cedella marley , beck , rufus wainwright , patti smith , and coldplay .
8	the group are soon joined by a live-in seal named gladys and a pair of dolphin ( duke and duchess ) which stay close at hand and fend off unwanted shark .
25	drayton 's other credits include work with herbie hancock , johnny cash , andrés calamaro , chaka khan , mariah carey , michelle branch , seal , iggy pop , neil young , janet jackson , courtney love , simon & garfunkel and many others .
13	the name ` ko veta ' is engraved in brahmi script on a seal buried with the skeleton and is assigned by the excavators to the 3rd century bc .
7	'' we loved it '' ( featuring seal ) ( add .
38	construction scuba diver with bifocal lenses in mask diving masks may have a single , durable , tempered glass plate in front of the eye and a '' skirt '' of rubber or silicone to create a watertight seal with the diver 's face .
1	judges seal of the united states tax court .
12	parts body - usually natural or light color dyed from rabbit , seal , and muskrat .
21	biodiversity at the site : popular examples are coral , sponge , fish , sting ray , mollusc , cetacea , seal , shark and crustacean .
7	lord high admiral : 1585 -- 1619 seal dating from 1585 .
128	the album features akon , ashanti , babyface , ben jelen , bilal , bonnie mckee , bonnie raitt , brandy , claudette ortiz , don yute , eric clapton , ellie lawson , emmylou harris , everclear , eve , fabolous , faith evans , farena , floetry , freckles , jadakiss , jamie foxx , jaheim , jon b , julia fordham , jurassic 5 , kristine w , lady saw , lenny kravitz , mary j. blige , marques houston , matt nathanson , mc lyte , monica , miri ben-ari , missy elliott , mr. north , musiq , mystic , nate dogg , of a revolution , omarion , raphael saadiq , rev run , res , russell simmons , $ 5 , seal , the latin kings , tracy edmonds , wayne wonder , wyclef jean and yoko ono .
24	he could at the same time have succeeded the painter sebastiano del piombo in his lucrative office as holder of the piombo or papal seal , and he was prepared to take holy orders for the purpose ; but the project lapsed through his being summoned away from venice in 1547 to paint charles v and others in augsburg .
4	bishop of glasgow the seal or signet of jocelin , bishop of glasgow after the death of his friend bishop enguerrand , jocelin was elevated to the bishopric of glasgow .
6	the writ was authenticated by a seal and gradually replaced the diploma as evidence of land tenure during the late anglo-saxon and early norman periods .
8	as a consequence , marine mammals , especially seal , and seabird and penguin are numerous .
15	attractions the site also included , at various times , such exotic diversions as a seal pond , ostrich and the interestingly named house of trouble and cave of the winds .
12	applications one major engineering application is oil drilling components , such as seal , compressor rings , valve parts , gear , bearing , and wire coatings .
21	he also stated his wish list for guest appearances would include lauryn hill , 2 chainz , jay-z , drake , seal , ceelo green , diddy , meek mill , beyonce knowles , fabolous , dipset , ariana grande and eric bellinger .
28	although the other communities have disappeared , archaeological evidence of their existence remains in the form of midden containing seashell , pottery and the bones of whale and seal , as well as ash and charcoal .
22	while at sarm west spence worked with coldplay , doves , iron maiden , skin , belle and sebastian , sikth , seal and new order .
13	he also started portraying celebrities such as kelly preston , juliette lewis , seal , anne archer , and statesmen such as hans blix , bill clinton , and the danish royal family .
7	later uses show a ram in a seal used by the , members of the old faroese law court , the løgting .
12	moosel ( voiced by bill scott ) : half moose and half seal .
4	cobb records that a seal inscribed with the name of the fraternity of st clement ( later the worshipful company of founders ) was discovered in the garden behind egerton house .
4	there is a large seal colony on the island .
23	the true value is estimated to lie between these figures , at around 8 to 10 t. it looked somewhat like a large seal , but had two stout forelimbs and a whale - like fluke .
33	the three logos include the nasa insignia ( also known as the '' vector '' ) , the nasa logotype ( also known as the '' worm '' ) , and the nasa seal .
7	the freshwater seals are the species of seal which live exclusively in freshwater bodies .
31	week 3 original airdate : january 17 , 2011 one-on-one : ashley s. they went to a famous recording studio and recorded them singing '' kiss from a rose '' by seal .
9	artists such as tom petty , bruce springsteen and seal were approached to possibly contribute material .
7	human being is the third album by seal .
20	shortly after liu ju 's escape , emperor wu sent two officials to empress wei 's palace to seize her seal ( i.e. suspending her rights in preparation to depose her ) .
59	arms of the city of valencia it is traditionally considered that a senyera was granted by james i of aragon as the arms of valencia following the christian conquest from moorish rule in 1238 , although the earliest sources related to this are dated in 1377 , when the city council agreed to replace the old arms used for seal with a new one with the senyera .
20	a jug with a cork bung a bung , stopper or cork is a truncated cylindrical or conical closure to seal a container , such as a bottle , tube or barrel .
9	present-day provinces of thailand this list includes all the seal of the provinces of thailand .
62	stuart price ( born 9 september 1977 ) is a three-time grammy - winning british electronic musician , songwriter , and record producer known for his work with artists including new order , madonna , kylie minogue , example , take that , missy elliott , scissor sisters , the killers , pet shop boys , brandon flowers , gwen stefani , seal , keane , frankmusik and hard-fi .