7	this was the final season to feature seal and delta goodrem as coaches , as it was announced that will.i.am and kylie minogue would replace them in the next season .
16	paynter began touring , serving as a supporting act for vanessa amorosi , newton faulkner , seal and the veronicas on their revenge is sweeter tour .
41	les mots ( 2001 -- 2003 ) at the end of 2001 , and seventeen years into her career , universal issued farmer 's first greatest hits collection : les mots whose title track and lead single , a duet with seal , became an enormous hit .
30	her and charlotte completed the task best and as a grand price they were invited to the '' night of the proms '' in rotterdam by heidi klum 's husband seal , whom they also got to meet backstage and who was very kind to the girls .
15	he soon began to produce songs for well-known artists such as sting , madonna , seal , sarah mclachlan , nsync , britney spears , diana ross and mike oldfield .
4	live in paris , seal 's first live album , was recorded at the famous olympia theatre in paris , france .
19	alexander supported the album with extensive touring in the united states and europe and later that year , opened seal 's u.s. tour .
23	in 2010 , the italian legendary singer , mina , recorded teitur 's song '' you get me '' as a duet with seal , which was the first single from her album '' caramella '' , which went top 3 in italy .
7	'' violet '' is a song by seal .
32	in the next few years ofm consistently charted on the billboard charts with production , remixer , and writers credits with britney spears , justin timberlake , beyoncé , kelly rowland , seal , usher , blue cantrell , backstreet boys , birdman , alanis morissette , janet jackson , annie lennox , dolce , tina ann , fabolous , bone crusher , shakira , and jessica simpson .
23	in addition to streisand , she has cited her influences as john lennon , janis joplin , nick drake , jackie wilson , seal , sarah vaughn , nina simone , george michael , annie lennox , the beatles , coldplay and jamiroquai .
9	'' waiting for you '' is a song by seal .
9	other production work price was the album producer on seal 's fifth studio album system , which was released in november 2007 .
15	pearce auditioned for the 6th series of the x factor in 2009 , by singing seal 's '' kiss from a rose '' .
21	he also stated his wish list for guest appearances would include lauryn hill , 2 chainz , jay-z , drake , seal , ceelo green , diddy , meek mill , beyonce knowles , fabolous , dipset , ariana grande and eric bellinger .
17	more recent artists to emerge from the london music scene include george michael , kate bush , seal , siouxsie and the banshees , bush , the spice girls , jamiroquai , blur , the prodigy , gorillaz , mumford & sons , coldplay , amy winehouse and adele .
25	drayton 's other credits include work with herbie hancock , johnny cash , andrés calamaro , chaka khan , mariah carey , michelle branch , seal , iggy pop , neil young , janet jackson , courtney love , simon & garfunkel and many others .
21	on 23 april 2013 , monsieur adi announced on facebook and twitter that he was '' writing and producing music with seal , '' to which the british singer/songwriter later confirmed on twitter .
9	'' love 's divine '' is a song by seal .
11	among the musicians the group opened for were joe walsh and seal .
36	artists who have presented their works there include philip glass , peter brook , pina bausch , merce cunningham , laurie anderson , lee breuer , ethel , nusrat fateh ali khan , steve reich , seal , alice in chains , robert wilson , blackstreet , ingmar bergman , the whirling dervishes and the kirov opera directed and conducted by valery gergiev among others .
25	in late 2008 , their second album rethroned was released , headlined by the single '' kiss from a rose '' ( originally performed by seal ) .
58	'' she has collaborated with musicians and singers in spanish , catalan , english , french and portuguese , with artists such as anoushka shankar , chick corea , niño josele , mariza , bebo y chucho valdes , luz casal , ivan '' melon '' lewis , '' dizzy '' daniel moorehead , jose luis perales , seal , armando manzanero , nelly furtado , and javier limon .
12	soon after , the two split and klum began dating the musician seal .
0	seal kiss from a rose run for number-one adult contemporary singles for 12th weeks these are the billboard adult contemporary chart number-one hits of 1995 .
3	i. am , seal , bono , mary j. blige , and faith hill , with david foster appearing on piano .
13	the three songs mark had to perform were kiss from a rose by seal , billy joel 's tell her about it , and i can make you feel good by shalamar .
12	in 2007 he began remixing for leela james , michael bublé and seal for warner bros. .
0	seal performed '' weight of my mistakes '' , with cheryl burke , chelsie hightower , kym johnson , and lacey schwimmer dancing .
13	he has played and appeared with performing artist such as mick jagger , seal , orchestral manoeuvres in the dark , elton john and randy crawford .
9	special attractions besides the well-known attractions such as the seal crèche in pieterburen , the center for mud flat walking and the lauwersmeer area , there are also some other attractions .
10	animals such as shark , stingray , weever fish , seal and jellyfish can sometimes present a danger .
14	it is theorised that they benefit from the actions of diving predators such as seal and penguin which push prey up towards the surface while hunting , allowing the surface feeding storm petrels to reach them .
6	it is sometimes converted into imitation seal .
31	bay and lagoon the lagoon and bay of kalloni is a shallow , rich wetland that hosts a stupendous variety of aquatic and avian life , including flamingo , porpoise and seal .
14	the main indigenous animals are insects along with large populations of ocean-going seabird , seal and penguins .
3	traditional foods like seal , walrus , narwhal and caribou are consumed frequently .
14	kangaroo wanted to jump and wombat wanted to wiggle on the ground , while seal wanted to swim .
13	no other food resource receives as much emphasis as salmon ; however , seal and game are both close seconds .
45	cornwall in late summer 5 january species seen : shore crab , pipefish , dormice , badgers , little egret , butterflies ( gatekeeper , red admirals , marbled white , skipper ) , moth ( rosy footman , swallowtailed , scarce silver-lines ) , seal the first episode has some superb photography of badgers at dusk , which captivated oddie : '' one of the wildest animals i 've ever seen '' .
8	the island is a haven for seabirds and seal .
10	marine mammals as a class ( whale , porpoise , seal , and polar bear ) , for the most part , found protection under the passage of the marine mammal protection act ( public law 92-522 ) of 1972 , which prevented extinction or depletion from indiscriminate taking , including hunting , harassment , capture , and killing ( permitted takings , including for subsistence and research purposes , must be accomplished humanely , with '' the least degree of pain and suffering practicable to the animal '' ) .
32	john patten , the master of an english merchant ship , and part of his crew lived on tristan from august 1790 to april 1791 , during which time they captured 3600 seal .
7	the freshwater seals are the species of seal which live exclusively in freshwater bodies .
13	the main sources of livelihood for the residents of this town are hunting seal , walrus , and whale , which is done as part of the municipal agricultural enterprise '' nanuk '' ( ) .
15	norwegian settlers arriving from the late 9th century re-interpreted orc as old norse orkn '' seal '' , with the added suffix '' island '' .
9	his new design , the foka ( polish for seal ) drew from both nowkuński 's earlier designs and the promising french and american constructions of the epoch .
10	other animals present in the park include sea lion , seal , walrus , whale and sea otter .
44	work recht 's work is considered to be innovative in its use of indigenous , new and unconventional materials and technologies though also seen by many to be controversial due to the use of materials such as minke whale foreskin , spider silk , seal and human skin .
4	azarashi chap - a seal .
24	on the south of the miquelon island is a large lagoon known as the grand barachois which is host to a large population of seal and other wildlife .
5	it is home to a seal colony and has never supported a human population .
17	ex - tusk was commissioned into the republic of china navy as hai pao ( meaning '' seal '' ) , first with hull number ss-92 , then ss-794 , and finally ss-792 .
13	the hunting season begins 11 september and hunters may go after deer , seal , and whale .
8	wildlife wildlife on the island includes otter , seal and heron .
2	hunters seeking seal and sea otter worked out the island between 1790 and 1850 .
24	paleobiology fossil remains of many other animals -- including baleen whale , beaked whale , dolphin , porpoise , shark , sea turtle , seal and sea bird -- have been found at the same site where the remains of l. melvillei have been excavated .
5	it is often made from seal , or from whale , reindeer , or sea-birds .
18	mamegoma peeking out of a shopping bag after being rescued from a ufo catcher is a series of seal characters created by the japanese company san-x .
25	subsistence activities are a large part of the culture for indigenous people and nanwalek is no exception , especially when it comes to salmon and seal harvesting .
30	upon a request by the julius bien company in new york city to provide a description of the municipal banner , the common council adopted its first official flag and seal .
2	the original seal of transylvania university an institution that aided in the creation of transylvania university at this time was bacon college , named after sir francis bacon , which would later be known as kentucky university .
16	etymology the generic name is taken from the turkish word , '' tamga '' , meaning seal or cattle brand .
4	findings include a steatite seal with indus script probably used for trading goods , impressions of seals on a terracotta lump of burnt clay , chert blade , copper implements , terracotta bead and bangle and typical standardised pottery of the indus valley civilization .
9	the logo of melammu is taken from an achaemenid seal discovered on the northeast coast of the black sea and represents the goddess anahita , mounted on a lion and surrounded by the divine radiance , appearing to a persian king .
36	this gallery of country coats of arms shows the national coat of arms , an emblem serving a similar purpose , or both ( such as greater and lesser coat of arms , national emblem or seal ) of each of the countries in the list of sovereign states .
7	marduk was said to have put his seal on the tablets of destiny , while the israelite breastplate had a jewelled stone upon it for each of the israelite tribes , which may derive from the same principle .
25	clearly the porthaus accepted this interpretation of their name , since the blazon of their arms ( without tinctures , as the source is a seal ) was : a lion rampant and in chief two towers crenellated , masoned and inflamed , one to the dexter and the other to the sinister .
2	political influence seal of thomas de brantingham during the fourteenth century , and in particular during the reign of edward iii , several de brantinghams held great offices of the state , including ralph de brantingham , king 's chamberlain to edward iii from 1349 , and thomas de brantingham ( died 1394 ) , lord treasurer from 1369 to 1371 and bishop of exeter from 1370 until his death .
2	svg the seal coats of arms of historic romanian regions and provinces transylvania region coat of arms of transylvania , under michel the brave in romanian culture , contrary to the hungarian one , the geographical region of transylvania is not identical to the principality of transylvania , which is called ardeal in romanian .
41	the church takes it name from saint eric , the 12th-century king of sweden who , having been slain by a danish prince , came to be regarded as a martyr and the patron saint of stockholm , depicted in the seal and coat of arms of the city .
14	the current coat of arms can be traced to the town 's first known seal , dating from 1311 .
8	one exceptional find was the discovery of a seal stamp made of a lead-tin alloy which portrayed the coat of arms of the lords of hademstorf as the former lords of the castle .
28	she insists on something to guarantee her safety in his absence and , as a symbol of his promise and his protection , he gives her his imperial seal of authority .
5	gallienus depicted on a lead seal gallienus ( ; ; c. 218 -- 268 ) was roman emperor with his father valerian from 253 to 260 and alone from 260 to 268 .
3	history first known seal of 1241 ( replica ) the oldest coat of arms of hamburg has been retained on a city seals int the 12th and 13th century .
13	it is the symbol of the catholic university of leuven , in whose seal it is enclosed in a vesica piscis shape whose margin bears the text '' universitas catholica lovaniensis .
33	the three logos include the nasa insignia ( also known as the '' vector '' ) , the nasa logotype ( also known as the '' worm '' ) , and the nasa seal .
13	john de courcy , affreca , and the norman invasion of ireland the seal of richard de clare , 2nd earl of pembroke , a cambro-norman lord who led the 'norman ' invasion of ireland in the mid 12th century .
7	domestic policy reverse of ivan iii 's seal from 1472 , after his marriage with sophia paleologue the character of the government of moscow under ivan iii changed essentially , taking on a new autocratic form .
4	current configuration the official seal of the supreme court , as included in certificates granted to attorneys approved by the board of attorney certification in one of several specialist areas .
6	design the flag has the city seal emblazoned on quartered background , with each section representing a country that once controlled detroit .
7	lord high admiral : 1585 -- 1619 seal dating from 1585 .
1	the seal was much broader than the wires hence it was barely legible .
5	aulay macaulay of ardincaple 's seal , in 1593 , is blazoned : a fess chequy and in chief a buckle .
17	it was named after the many oak trees that grow in the area , and the city seal is adorned with an oak .
6	origin of the earls of lancaster seal of edmund crouchback after the supporters of henry iii of england suppressed opposition from the english nobility in the second barons ' war , henry granted to his second son edmund crouchback the titles and possessions forfeited by attainder of the barons ' leader , simon de montfort , 6th earl of leicester , including the earldom of leicester , on 26 october 1265 .
14	such chartered bodies normally authenticate their official acts by marking them with a distinctive seal .
23	later on , in 1994 , borgarnesbær united with hraunhreppur , norðurárdalshreppur , and stafholtstungnahreppur under the name borgarbyggð , using the borgarnes seal and offices .
0	seal of the faculty of arts from the second half of the 17th century following the hussite wars , the faculty of liberal arts became the nucleus of the university for two centuries .
1	overcharging seal ni -- cd cells consist of a pressure vessel that is supposed to contain any generation of oxygen and hydrogen gases until they can recombine back to water .
9	dry gas seals are non-contacting , dry-running mechanical face seal consist of a mating ( rotating ) ring and a primary ( stationary ) ring .
59	typical o-ring and application an o-ring , also known as a packing , or a toric joint , is a mechanical gasket in the shape of a torus ; it is a loop of elastomer with a round cross-section , designed to be seated in a groove and compressed during assembly between two or more parts , creating a seal at the interface .
16	for example , oils , and grease , and rubber , or plastic gasket used as seal for the vacuum chamber must not boil off when exposed to the vacuum , or the gases they produce would prevent the creation of the desired degree of vacuum .
28	lid of a tic tac mint case a lid , also known as a cap , is part of a container , and serves as the cover or seal , usually one that completely closes the object .
81	these materials include : low-density flexible foam used in upholstery , bedding , and automotive and truck seating low-density rigid foam used for thermal insulation and rtm cores soft solid elastomers used for gel pads and print rollers low density elastomers used in footwear hard solid plastics used as electronic instrument bezels and structural parts flexible plastics used as straps and bands polyurethane foam is widely used in high resiliency flexible foam seating , rigid foam insulation panels , microcellular foam seal and gasket , durable elastomeric wheels and tires , automotive suspension bushings , electrical potting compounds , seals , gaskets , carpet underlay , and hard plastic parts ( such as for electronic instruments ) .
15	the engineers had developed a good background in the metallurgy of housing , high speed seal , radial inflow turbines , and centrifugal compressor .
12	applications one major engineering application is oil drilling components , such as seal , compressor rings , valve parts , gear , bearing , and wire coatings .
19	at the same time a hurried population of consumer wanted a fast and easy way to open and effectively seal food bags -- originally bread hence the name .
6	the tight fit of the mask seal around the face and the retention strips wrapping around the back of the head were uncomfortable in long sessions .
38	construction scuba diver with bifocal lenses in mask diving masks may have a single , durable , tempered glass plate in front of the eye and a '' skirt '' of rubber or silicone to create a watertight seal with the diver 's face .
1	a seal allows part of the spool to protrude outside the housing , where it is accessible to the actuator .
18	he had been sealed near the great pyramids of giza until freed by the breaking of the combined seal in japan .
11	the skf group currently consists of approximately 150 companies including the seal manufacturer chicago rawhide .
21	pressurized oil enters the center of the housing and passes into a drum rotor free to spin on a bearing and seal .
24	as of 2008 , the following sections remain fully in force : secure fencing and handrails for teagle openings and doorways ; water - seal gasholder .
13	airman applying caulk to baseboard caulking is one of several different processes to seal joints or seams in various structures and some types of piping .
13	limitations the primary difficulty in underwater camera usage is , of course , seal the camera from water at high pressure , while maintaining the ability to operate it .
5	the flexible nature of this seal allows pressure effects to cross the barrier but not the material being contained .
8	it is thus a device that provides a seal between a stationary supply passage ( such as pipe or tubing ) and a rotating part ( such as a drum , cylinder , or spindle ) to permit the flow of a fluid into and/or out of the rotating part .
20	a jug with a cork bung a bung , stopper or cork is a truncated cylindrical or conical closure to seal a container , such as a bottle , tube or barrel .
23	however , the dyes in these cells also suffer from degradation under heat and uv light and the cell casing is difficult to seal due to the solvents used in assembly .
20	it is active in over 40 countries and describes its mission as the development of '' engineered polymer solutions that seal , damp and protect critical applications in demanding environments .
23	the 2006 delhi sealing drive was a campaign by the municipal corporation of delhi ( mcd ) to close ( and thus '' seal '' the locks of ) a number of illegal commercial establishments in delhi , india which are running in residential areas without authorization .
13	generally speaking , standard ball joints will outlive sealed ones because eventually the seal will break , causing the joint to dry out and rust .
13	some bearing assemblies require routine addition of lubricants , while others are factory seal , requiring no further maintenance for the life of the mechanical assembly .
22	) where a portion of the exterior housing has been removed to reveal the internal components , ( piston , bearing , seal , etc. .
7	a rubber gasket makes for a tight seal against the wire .
38	impact on energy consumption air curtains can be used to save energy by reducing the heat transfer ( via mass transfer when air mixes across the threshold ) between two spaces , although a closed and well - seal physical door is much more effective .
20	a portion of the area of the disc is used for intake and compression , a portion is used to seal against a center casing , and the remaining portion is used for expansion and exhaust .