36	the tombstone prospector later reported that both of the bodies were found and that much of adelnietze 's belongings were captured , including his 1873 springfield rifle , '' with a shortened barrel , '' a bow , two horses , moccasin and leggings '' filled with blood .
19	in the mesolithic age , antler and animal skull were used for jewelry and burial sites , and the bow began common and hunt for all game types begun .
45	morgan lewis h. morgan , an anthropologist whose ideas have had much impact on sociology , in his 1877 classic '' ancient societies '' differentiated between three eras : savagery , barbarism and civilisation , which are divided by technological inventions , like fire , bow , pottery in savage era , domestication of animals , agriculture , metalworking in barbarian era and alphabet and writing in civilisation era .
24	tigranes also possessed several thousand cataphract , formidable heavily armored cavalry that were clad in mail armor and armed with lances , spear or bow .
43	the player moves the remote in a manner similar to the method the separate games are played in real life ; for example , swinging the wii remote to replicate hammer throw or pulling back the remote and tilting the nunchuk like a bow and arrow .
26	weapons the immortals were equipped with some of the finest weapons of their day , including spear , sword , mace , dagger , and cane bow .
10	their principal food was bighorn sheep and they made their bow from sheep horn .
22	the game follows a rock-paper-scissors mechanism in which axe beat lance , lances beat sword , and swords beat axes ; the bow in the game is not a part of any weapon triangle , but is especially effective against flying units .
13	by the mesolithic , hunting strategies had diversified with the development of the bow 18,000 years ago and the domestication of the dog about 15,000 years ago .
13	the french name for the osage orange , '' bois d'arc '' ( bow - wood ) , is sometimes rendered as '' bowdark .
9	another less common technique is bowfishing using a regular bow or a crossbow .
11	he supports the shield with his right hand and holds a bow over his left shoulder .
19	'' ) : a flying swan has been shot , and a young man is brought forth , a bow in his hand and a quiver of matching arrows .
80	players in gears can only carry four different weapons , with the exception of the fourth game , allowing two weapon slots one grenade slot , which may be filled with grenades , one pistol-type weapon , up to four grenades of a specific type ( fragmentation , smoke , ink and incendiary ) and two other weapons , which include , but are not limited to , assault rifles , a sniper rifle , grenade launchers and an explosive bow .
34	a swiss arrow ( also known as a dutch arrow , scotch arrow , yorkshire arrow or gypsy arrow ) is a weapon similar to an arrow but thrown rather than shot from a bow ( so as to make it a dart ) , with the addition of a small notch close to the fletching .
10	analysis the work portrays the two men holding each a bow , while the shotgun was the more popular choice of weapon at the time .
4	the villu , a bow , the age-old weapon of warriors - paradoxically lends itself to be used as a primary musical instrument for the villu pattu artists .
5	a woman figure with a bow - the tellervo of astuva - a rarity among the rock painting .
1	the bow was usually constructed with wood or steel , depending on the preference .
3	sharnga is the bow of the hindu god vishnu .
39	the idol has an old fashioned shaping , i.e. , the face cutting is of a longish pattern ; it has large eyes spread up to the ears and the four hands display conch , discus , shaft and bow respectively .
22	masters of champions episode 1 : 14-year-old contortionist princess elayne from argentina , who hit a target while blindfolded by shooting a bow and arrow with her feet while performing a backbend handstand .
5	a woman figure with a bow -- the tellervo of astuva -- a rarity among the rock paintings .
21	as was standard siege technique at the time , small ballistae were placed in the towers with other troops armed with bow or sling .
1	this bow can be bought at 10-40 or 20-50 pounds draw weight .
17	iconography kāmadeva is represented as a young , handsome winged man with green skin who wields a bow and arrows .
20	link collects a variety of different equipment throughout his adventure , featuring series mainstay items such as bomb , a bow , the boomerang , and a lamp .
16	arjuna abandoning gandiva after the kurukshetra war the gandiv ( iast : ; ) is the bow of arjuna , the hero of the hindu epic mahabharata .
8	trade with peoples to the southwest brought the bow and arrow , and trade with the marksville culture and other hopewellian peoples brought exotic goods such as fresh water pearls , sea shells , sharks ' teeth , and copper .
19	sketch by leonardo da vinci , c. 1500 a crossbow is a type of weapon , based on the bow , consisting of a horizontal bow-like assembly mounted on a stock , that shoots projectiles called bolts or quarrel .
8	the explosion blew away the ship 's entire bow , and she sank in four minutes with no survivors .
0	bow on the basis of witness evidence , the joint investigation team considered it unlikely that the fire was caused by the hot work ( welding ) that was being carried out as part of the renovation or by carelessly discarded smokers ' materials .
24	proa characteristics the defining feature of the proa is that the vessel '' shunts '' when it changes tacks ; the stern becomes the bow and vice versa .
15	they were equipped with four 18 inch ( 460 mm ) torpedo tubes at the bow , two on either beam and another pair in a swivel mounting on the superstructure for night use .
10	the general shape of the boat began in a narrow bow which spread back towards a wide stern , with the final shape at the rear being rectangular .
14	as part of the ship 's interim repairs , liverpool had a provisional false bow constructed and fitted .
50	basic information rowers in a coxed eight ( 8 + ) , a sweep rowing boat while rowing , the athlete sits in the boat facing toward the stern , and uses the oars which are held in place by the oarlock to propel the boat forward ( towards the bow ) .
17	( linggi means ' stem ' in bugis and refers to the strongest vertical plate at the bow of a ship .
9	the battered miztec dropped her anchors , swung her bow to the seas , and survived the storm .
10	the british fired a warning shot across his ship 's bow , to which he responded with a full broadside .
1	jpg bow of the battleship mikasa the shiragiku ( lit .
14	that morning , william m. hobby sighted a floating naval mine off her port bow and destroyed it with 40-millimeter , 20-millimeter , and rifle fire .
30	) trouble appeared off jekyll island , when the royal navy ship sloop , under the command of captain john poo beresford , fired a shot across the cutter 's bow .
28	men generally entered the boat by climbing down a cargo net hung from the side of their troop transport ; they exited by charging down the boat 's bow ramp .
10	this distinction is denoted by gold hull number on the bow of the ship .
2	at the bow resides a thwart to support the mast which passes through a hole in its center to the mast step mounted on the center line of the boat .
20	also , unlike any other warship in the japanese navy , she had two chrysanthemum crest due to her unusual bow configuration .
13	hydrodynamics hydrodynamics concerns the flow of water around the ship 's hull , bow , stern and over bodies such as propeller blades or rudder , or through thruster tunnels .
26	another possible origin involves the fact that '' devil '' was a name for the longest seam of a wooden ship , which ran from the bow to the stern .
27	to minimize the risk of water ingestion , the engine air intakes are located on the forward fuselage section with spray fences on either side of the bow protecting the engines from water ingestion .
1	jpg bow of the vessel file : 6 arrival of thor - icelandic coast guard 2011-10-27 reykjavik .
16	in a three-masted , square-sail carrying ship , the masts , given their standard names in bow to stern ( front to back ) order , are : sprit topmast : a small mast set on the end of the bowsprit ( discontinued after the early 18th century ) ; not usually counted as a mast , however , when identifying a ship as '' two masted '' or '' three masted '' fore-mast : the first actual mast , or the mast fore of the main-mast sections : fore-mast lower -- fore topmast -- fore topgallant mast main-mast : the tallest mast , usually located near the center of the ship sections : main-mast lower -- main topmast -- main topgallant mast -- royal mast ( if fitted ) mizzen-mast : the third mast , or the mast immediately aft of the main-mast .
19	'' kohl describes the sagamore as a long shipwreck of with impressive triple tow rings mounted on her blunt-nosed bow , wide open hatches for easy access , and comfortable ambient lighting for swimming inside her hull .
3	after badly damaging bow of the ship their first time underway , harkness and his officers butt heads with gruff commander reynolds ( john mcintire ) , who oversees the project as the representative of rear admiral tennant ( ray collins ) .
12	thomas tracy attempted to make an emergency turn to starboard but her bow soon plowed into valcour s starboard side , rupturing an aviation gasoline fuel tank .
23	in addition , given the experience with deployment of japanese destroyers for extended periods overseas in world war i , the hull and bow needed to be reinforced to handle heavy seas .
21	uses nautical during the 18th century , a warning shot ( in nautical terms , often called a shot across the bow ) could be fired towards any ship whose '' colours '' ( nationality ) had to be ascertained .
15	one is that seafaring people believed that pilot fish , which would appear around the bow of their ships when they were close to land , were leading ( or piloting ) them back to port .
5	the damage to ariel s bow was so serious that she had to be towed into port .
5	in 1956 , kentucky s bow was removed and used in the repair of , which had been damaged in a collision with the destroyer on 6 may 1956 .
5	he then picks up a bow and comes to a table occupied by a sleeping hefty patron .
7	the violinist produces sound by drawing a bow across one or more strings ( which may be stopped by the fingers of the other hand to produce a full range of pitches ) , by plucking the strings ( with either hand ) , or by a variety of other techniques .
29	in italian it is called either manico or tasto , the latter especially in the phrase sul tasto , a direction for bowed string instruments to play with the bow above the fingerboard .
1	the bow consists of a stick with many hairs stretched between its ends .
22	on bowed string instrument it is a method of playing by plucking the strings with the fingers , rather than using the bow .
17	william lewis & son was a distinguished chicago - based music store that specialized in violins and bow .
5	other folk instruments include the bow .
9	sheeran sings and performs on a loop station , bow saw , melodica , accordion , flute , ukulele , and used a tc helicon voice live 2 to manipulate her vocals and create harmonies .
20	changes by august bohlin ( 1877 -- 1949 ) in 1929/1930 made the nyckelharpa a chromatic instrument with a straight bow , making it a more violin - like and no longer a bourdon instrument .
21	( franz ) albert ( ii ) nürnberger ( 1854 -- 1931 ) is regarded as one of the greatest german bow makers .
7	horsehair is used for brush , the bow of musical instruments and many other things .
4	ysaÿe also employed virtuoso bow and left hand techniques throughout , for he believed that '' at the present day the tools of violin mastery , of expression , technique , mechanism , are far more necessary than in days gone by .
1	a bow is pulled over the string/s ( made of horsetail ) , creating a dramatic and sharp sound , expressive and difficult to master .
28	other african-derived instruments include metal percussion rods , agan , the rasp wiri , aerophones like the cachu trumpet , becu transverse double-reed wind instrument , and the bow benta .
5	amber frog on a violin bow , made by keith peck in 1996/97 .
10	this was sometimes the concertmaster , who could use his bow as a baton , or a lute who would move the neck of his instrument in time with the beat .
11	with this technique more pressure than usual is needed on the bow , so this can not be practiced in softer passages .
26	if you learn it according to my instructions it will expand your hand and enable you to perform arpeggio like strokes of the ( violin ) bow .
5	it is played with a bow and has between three and thirty strings depending on the region .
8	for instance , it is clear that the bow is held underhand ( with the palm upwards ) , unlike the technique used for the modern cello or violin .
4	hooke ran a violin bow along the edge of a plate covered with flour and saw the nodal patterns emerge .
11	it is bowed with either a notched stick or a horsehair bow .
14	pentozali music is instrumental : the main tune is played by the pear-shaped , bow cretan lyre , to the accompaniment of a lute , played not in a melodic but in a percussive-like fashion .
1	the bow is drawn horizontally across the strings .
24	instruments traditional instruments include : the maravanne ( rattle ) moutia ( hand drum ) the goatskin drum ravanne triangle and the bobre ( bow ) .
26	after a section where the melody is accompanied quietly with fast running notes , it returns as a series of chords , alternately played with the bow and plucked .
1	her bow was crafted by françois tourte .
19	two concave c-bouts between each side 's corners form the waist of this figure , providing clearance for the bow .
29	bowed string instruments , such as the violin , can also be plucked in the technique known as pizzicato ; however , as they are usually played with a bow , they are not included in this category .
30	zithers are played by strumming or plucking the strings , either with the fingers ( sometimes using a tool called a plectrum ) , or sounding the strings with a bow .