16	these flashlights can also be distinguished by the technique used to store the energy : a spring , a flywheel , a battery or a capacitor .
5	but macroscopic systems , like spring and capacitor , are accurately described by classical theories like classical mechanics and classical electrodynamics .
29	today , many clothes-pegs ( also clothespins ) are manufactured very cheaply by creating two interlocking plastic or wooden prongs , in between which is often wedged a small spring .
33	in archery , the bulk of elastic energy is stored in the throwing device , rather than the projectile ; arrow shafts can therefore be much smaller , and have looser tolerance for spring constant and weight distribution than atlatl darts .
7	these mechanical controllers used a lever , spring and a mass and were often energized by compressed air .
9	this air pressure pushes against the force of a spring located in the wastegate actuator to allow the wastegate to open and re-direct exhaust gas so that it does not reach the turbine wheel .
5	example the motion of a spring satisfying hooke 's law is given by the semi-implicit euler for this equation is the iteration preserves the modified energy functional exactly , leading to stable periodic orbits ( for sufficiently small step size ) that deviate by from the exact orbits .
34	lumped element model in mechanical systems the simplifying assumptions in this domain are : all objects are rigid bodies ; all interactions between rigid bodies take place via kinematic pair ( joints ) , spring and dampers .
8	by the end of the 15th century , spring - driven clocks appeared in italy , and in germany .
27	retractors can also be self retaining and not need to be held once inserted by having two or more opposing blades or hooks which are separated via spring , ratchet , worm gear or some other method and pull on opposite sides of a wound .
5	november is a month of spring in the southern hemisphere and autumn in the northern hemisphere .
8	this he named izumiya , literally meaning '' spring shop '' .
6	activities annual performances typically include : spring show , which usually has a theme and a guest quartet or performing group williamsburg community show dogwood dell show ( outdoor performance ) christmas show the virginians chorus participates in numerous community appearances with diverse shows that may include performances by its registered chapter quartet .
28	trees on some other streets , where more closely built skyscraper cause a greater wind tunnel effect , were knocked completely down , despite being too early in spring to involve leaf drag .
21	tulips are also popular in australia and several festivals are held in september and october , during the southern hemisphere 's spring .
9	it is harvested in october and released in the spring after fermenting for 21 months in 75 percent new and 25 percent seasoned french oak barrels .
27	the triumph of flora , by master of flora c. 1560 in roman mythology , flora ( ) was a goddess of flowers and the season of spring , a symbol for nature and flowers .
18	however , on december 29 , it was announced that the roof would not be repaired until the spring of 2011 .
2	in the spring of 2007 he earned his debut , and quickly became a starter ; he has scored 2 goals in 8 matches , and made a some god of assists .
15	on local , national and religious festivals , such as jashn-e-baharan ( the welcoming of spring ) , basant , eid , pakistan 's independence day and pakistan day the canal is illuminated with lights and different types of decor are laid out into the water - relevant to the festival .
3	its river and spring habitat ecosystems are relatively intact and support a highly endemic fish fauna .
22	its natural habitat are temperate forest , river , intermittent rivers , swamp , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , and canal and ditches .
10	ward erected a drinking fountain on the site of the spring at walton well , located in walton well road , with a plaque dated 1885 .
55	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , dry savanna , moist savanna , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , river , intermittent rivers , shrub-dominated wetland , swamp , freshwater lake , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , and freshwater spring .
10	the native riparian ( populus fremontii ) grow around natural spring .
17	it is only known from a few small seeps and the shallow lower outflow of one larger spring in dalhousie springs , lake eyre basin .
5	it is found in freshwater spring , irrigated land , and canal and ditches .
13	geologist james dwight dana later attributed the '' beaver pond '' to natural spring , rather than the activity of beaver .
14	the cave system drains over of land and the water re-emerges at a major spring on the stones river .
17	the town 's name is aboriginal in origin , and is the local name for a nearby spring .