17	jason matthew thirsk ( december 25 , 1967 -- july 29 , 1996 ) was the former bass player of the california punk rock band pennywise who grew up in hermosa beach , california .
45	the original 1963 formation of six was founded in reggio emilia : augusto daolio ( vocals ) , beppe carletti ( keyboards ) , franco midili ( guitar ) , leonardo manfredini ( drum ) , gualtiero gelmini ( sax ) , antonio campari ( bass ) .
17	track listing personnel joey tempest -- vocals kee marcello -- guitar , background vocals john levén -- bass mic michaeli -- keyboards , background vocals ian haugland -- drum nate winger -- background vocals paul winger -- background vocals beau hill -- producer , mixing jimmy hoyson -- engineer , mixing martin horenburg -- assistant engineer ted jensen -- mastering jeff katz -- photography mark wilkinson -- illustrations tony sellari -- art direction chart positions the album did not chart in the usa , which is unusual for a major label follow-up to two recent ( multi ) platinum albums .
24	the duo is supported live by a rotating cast of musicians adding classical and folk rock instrument ranging from cello , violin , upright bass , and horns to banjo , mandolin , accordion , and drums .
15	post-breakup drummer andy hurley became a member of fall out boy alongside occasional racetraitor fill-in bass player pete wentz .
13	rob courtis left for australia shortly afterwards to pursue his studies ; his bass playing duties were ironically assumed by adarsh '' best mountain '' sekhar , a traveling fleece salesman who 'd literally settled down in dubai .
22	track listing credits andrè kvebek -- vocal , guitar john espen sagstad -- guitar mads guldbekkhei -- drums tor risdal stavenes -- bass live julianne kostøl -- cello additional guest vocals on '' ascending '' by jonas renkse of katatonia .
27	for the project the members of lazlo bane switched instruments and took pseudonym : dino ( chicken ) - vocals , fuzzy ( tim bright ) - bass , licks ( chad fischer ) - drums , and stixx ( chris link ) - guitar .
11	the rare performance of '' system '' featured jonathan davis playing bass while singing , and was later released exclusively on korn 's digital ep # 2 .
9	chris hillman moved over to his old role of bass , making the new burrito line-up parsons , hillman , and pete kleinow with leadon and clarke .
10	personnel on record dave grohl - guitar , vocals , bass , drums singles ; 12 '' uk vinyl promo single ; 7 '' vinyl single stamped label / french cd single / japan cd single / 7 '' single ; 7 '' one-sided vinyl single / uk promo cd ; 12 '' luminous vinyl single / uk cd single / radio promo cd ; cassette tape single / australian cd single / dutch cd single '' podunk ( cement mix ) '' is seemingly exactly the same mix and version as the standard version of '' podunk '' .
34	in 1974 , he founded pork pie and teamed up with philip catherine ( guitar ) , charlie mariano ( saxophone ) , aldo romano ( drums ) , and jean-françois jenny clark ( bass ) .
44	members line-up before band break-up qualcast '' koffee perkulator '' mutilator ( pete lee ) - vocals concorde faceripper ( steve nesfield ) - guitar schizo rotary sprintmaster ( gavin ` paddy ' o'malley ) - guitar mightymo destructimo ( chris parkes ) - bass explodin ' dr jaggers flymo ( chris flint ) - drums former members ( as lawnmower deth ) baron kev von thresh meister silo stench chisel '' is it time for my dinner yet ?
49	additional musicians harry applebaum - organ ( 1 ) phil mathieu - guitar ( 2 , 9 ) chris phinney - loops ( 2 ) anti gravity workshop - loops ( 3 , 11 ) \* buzzsaw & the shavings - loops ( 3 ) \* john nazdin - bass ( 4 , 5 ) robbie magruder - drum loops ( 4 , 5 ) cystem - guitar ( 7 , 8 , 11 ) \* phil mathieu - guitar ( excerpt from '' chamber music with guitar '' ) ( 9 ) carolyn hyun ha oh - flute ( excerpt from '' chamber music with guitar '' ) ( 9 ) dan henderson - cello ( excerpt from '' chamber music with guitar '' ) ( 9 ) \* remixed for the tapegerm collective credits gabriella fabbri ( duchessa/stock .
42	john coltrane 's admiration led to recordings for impulse records , the first of which was four for trane in 1964 , an album of mainly coltrane compositions on which he was sided by his long-time friend , trombonist roswell rudd , bass reggie workman and alto player john tchicai .
27	martin was persuaded by harvey and then further developed '' clocks '' while other band members supplemented their ideas based on the main piano track , adding bass and drums .
35	the new uncle earl line up is andreassen , groves , stephanie coleman on fiddle , paula bradley on banjo , banjo ukulele and clogging , and rachel eddy on banjo , fiddle , and bass .
21	the band was started by ivar bowitz ( guitar and vocals ) , but now also consists of martin bowitz on bass , stian hansen on drums , torbjørn hafnor on guitar , catharina sletner ( on synthesizers and vocals ) , and martin smådal larsen on guitar .
13	the band features hagar on vocals , satriani on guitar , anthony on bass and smith on drums .
15	deal was the only person to respond , but arrived at the audition without a bass as she had never played the instrument before .
12	when meisner quit the band in 1970 , schmit replaced him on bass and lead vocals .
23	personnel ringo starr lead vocal , piano , drums , percussion george harrison backing vocal , lead guitar paul mccartney backing vocal , bass , piano john lennon rhythm guitar , backing vocals re-release the song was re-released in 2006 on the beatles album love , which contained remixes of classic beatles songs .
18	they helped set the template for subsequent rock bands such as the beatles , with their guitar - bass - drums arrangements and tendency to write their own material .
16	tony mitchell ( born 5 september 1951 in sydney , australia ) is a songwriter and bass guitarist who rose to fame in the 1970s with the australian rock band , sherbet .
4	mike took up playing bass and because '' kj could n't sit still long enough to be drummer '' he took up playing guitar as well as becoming the lead vocalist for the band .
12	career born eugene mcduffy in champaign , illinois , mcduff began playing bass , appearing in joe farrell 's group .
22	personnel according to ian macdonald : john lennon -- lead vocal , piano paul mccartney -- lead vocal , harmony vocal , bass , acoustic guitar , piano , synthesizer george harrison -- lead vocal , harmony vocal , electric slide guitar , acoustic guitar , ukulele ringo starr -- drums , harmony vocal track listings all songs written by john lennon , paul mccartney , george harrison and ringo starr , except where noted .
12	the memphis mudcats attempted to modernize the traditional jug band ; a bass was used instead of the jug , and the saxophone replaced the harmonica .
15	band members ; current members erik jayce landberg -- all electric & acoustic guitar , bass , piano ( 2006 -- present ) göran edman -- vocals ( 2006 -- present ) jens bock -- drums , percussion ( 2009 -- present ) guest artists ; band members appearing as guests .
16	on november 1 , 2006 , phil cobrea announced that he would no longer be playing bass in this providence .
2	he played bass for a three-piece jazz combo for a few years , but he eventually got a spot playing rhythm guitar for otis rush .
13	personnel dave brubeck -- piano paul desmond -- alto saxophone eugene wright -- bass joe morello -- drums cover versions 1962 -- swedish singer monica zetterlund 1962 -- french singer richard anthony ( '' ne boude pas '' ) 1963 -- antonio diaz '' chocolate '' mena ( eso es latin jazz ... man !
21	instrumentation several bebop musicians headlining on 52nd street , may 1948 the classic bebop combo consisted of saxophone , trumpet , bass , drums , and piano .
14	the album presents a live performance of pianist keith jarrett with gary peacock on bass and jack de johnette on drums , recorded on july 2 , 1985 in paris , at the palais des congrès studios de la grande armée , the second of a two-night engagement at that venue .
27	early life d'angelo was born in columbus , ohio , the daughter of priscilla ( née smith ) , a violin , and gene d'angelo , a bass player and television station manager .
19	on january 23 , connor was accompanied by a quartet led by pianist john lewis with oscar pettiford on bass .
18	on this recording the band consists of five saxophones , four trumpets , four trombones , piano , bass , drums and percussion and various other oriental instruments .
23	the musicians for the original 1964 recording were : hancock ( piano ) , freddie hubbard ( cornet ) , ron carter ( bass ) and tony williams ( drums ) .
54	instruments the magic pipe the magic pipe , also known by his close friends as ` the broken bowflex ' , is a homemade , electronically rigged pair of machined aluminum pipes ( previously steel in its first incarnation ) , connected by adjustable phosphorus bronze joints , with each pipe hosting an orchestral bass string .
37	davis assembled his first regular quintet to meet a commitment at the café bohemia in july , by september the line-up stabilizing to john coltrane on tenor saxophone , red garland on piano , paul chambers on bass , and philly joe jones on drums .
31	track listing personnel art pepper -- alto saxophone stanley cowell -- piano howard roberts -- guitar ( on '' mr. big '' and '' brazil '' only ) cecil mcbee -- bass carl burnett -- drums stanley cowell does not play on '' brazil '' ; howard roberts adds a second guitar part .
16	instrumentation the symphony is scored for ten violin , four viola , three cello and two bass .
9	'' galaxy of the lost '' features drums , bass , pedal steel and string arrangements from omaha musicians nate walcott and the faint 's drummer clark baechle , as well as backing vocals from emmy the great .
32	track listing personnel duke pearson - piano , electric piano burt collins , joe shepley ( tracks 1-7 ) - trumpet kenny rupp - trombone hermeto pascoal - flute , guitar , bass ( tracks 1-7 ) jerry dodgion ( track 8 ) .
35	the original members are : kirk wall ( master of ceremonies and sometime - elvis impersonator ) , guitar and fiddle mario hildago , banjo dennis fetchet , fiddle john marshall ( founder ) , bass mario was later replaced before the opening inside the golden horseshoe saloon on december 18 , 1994 by evan marshall ( mandolin ) , who left the band in 2003 .
22	track listing recorded at van gelder studio in englewood cliffs , new jersey on january 10 , 1973 personnel ron carter - bass , arranger , conductor hubert laws - flute ( tracks 1 , 5 & 6 ) richard tee - electric piano , piano ( tracks 1 , 4 & 5 ) bob james - piano ( tracks 2 , 3 & 6 ) gene bertoncini ( track 5 ) , sam brown ( track 3 ) - guitar billy cobham - drums ralph macdonald - percussion ( tracks 1 & 4-6 ) robert honablue - engineer reception allmusic reviewer nathan bush states '' blues farm ' s excursions are enjoyable , but somewhat reserved .
14	track listing personnel sheila jordan -- voice barry galbraith -- guitar steve swallow -- bass denzil best -- drums '' dat dere '' features jordan and swallow alone .
9	chamber of horrors includes charleston noir , for four bass ; chamber of horrors , for harp ( 1995 ) , played by alice giles ; still life , for viola and piano ( 2001 ) ; gypsy ramble , for viola , cello and piano ( 1996 ) ; wild rice , for cello ( 1996 ) ; and velvet revolution , for horn , violin and piano ( 1999 ) .
31	the session was produced by the chess brothers , leonard and phil , and backing berry ( vocals , guitar ) were johnnie johnson ( piano ) , willie dixon ( bass ) , and fred below ( drum ) .
21	track 3 ; solos on 1 , 6 ) , ukulele ( 1 , 11 , 12 ) david piltch -- bass jay bellerose -- drums ( exc .
21	by 1958 , the group consisted of john coltrane on tenor saxophone , red garland on piano , paul chambers on bass , and philly joe jones on drums , and had just been expanded to a sextet with the addition of cannonball adderley on alto saxophone .
43	'' ruan ( solo piano ) '' - 3 : 42 recorded at avatar studio , new york city on november 9 , 1997 mark feldman -- violin marc ribot -- guitar erik friedlander -- cello min xiao-fen -- pipa greg cohen -- bass anthony coleman -- piano latin boys go to hell ( 1997 ) directed by ela troyano 12 .
31	in 1916 , roberto firpo , an extremely successful bandleader of the period , cemented the arrangements for standard tango sextet : two bandoneon , two violins , piano and double bass .
43	in 1989 , what became the final jazz messengers lineup was established : brian lynch on trumpet , javon jackson and dale barlow on tenors , steve davis and/or frank lacy on trombone , geoff keezer on piano and essiet okon essiet on bass .
58	he appeared at an apollo records recording session in hollywood , california , on august 2 , 1945 , with illinois jacquet ( trumpet ) , john brown , ( alto saxophone ) , arthur dennis ( baritone saxophone ) , bill doggett ( piano ) , ulysses livingston ( guitar ) , and charles ‘charlie’ mingus ( bass ) .
43	but in his jazzy arrangements , naranjo did n't use the typical ` minor ' percussion salsa instruments , like güiro , maraca and claves , and worked with a classic jazz drum set , conga , bongos , timbales , piano and bass in front of trumpet , trombone and saxophone , like old big band ensembles , not at all common in salsa bands .
22	camp meeting is the tenth studio album by american pianist and singer bruce hornsby , who was joined by christian mcbride ( bass ) and jack dejohnette ( drums ) .
81	track listing thad jones ( deb 127 ) lp side a : lp side b : later cd re-issue bonus tracks : original 10 inch lp releases : the fabulous thad jones ( dlp 12 ) lp side a : lp side b : thad jones/charles mingus - jazz collaborations , vol . 1 ( dlp 17 ) lp side a : lp side b : all track times are from cd re-issue personnel thad jones -- trumpet charles mingus -- bass on the 1954 the fabulous thad jones tracks : frank wess -- tenor saxophone , flute hank jones -- piano kenny clarke -- drums on the 1955 thad jones / charles mingus jazz collaborations vol .
25	added in update 1.2 are '' smart strings '' , a string section made of 1st and 2nd violins , viola , cello , and bass , capable of playing notes legato , staccato , and pizzicato .
33	the recording took place at sear sound studios , new york , in collaboration with such musicians as ryan kisor ( trumpet ) , igor butman ( saxophone ) , ugonna okegwo ( bass ) and gene jackson ( drums ) .
19	according to an early 20th-century book written by david clippinger , all voices have a head register , whether bass or soprano .
19	composition the piece is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto or contralto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two flute , piccolo , two oboe , two clarinet in b-flat , two bassoon , four horns , two trumpet in c , three trombone , tuba , strings , timpani , four percussionists , two harp , and pianoforte .
39	the first catholic hymnbook published in the united states came from philadelphia in 1787 , entitled litanies and vesper hymns and anthems as they are sung in the catholic church ; this collection included music scored for treble and bass , with later editions adding a third vocal section , and used highly ornamented plainchant themes in the mass and hymns .
5	the parts for tenor and bass are missing .
17	scoring and structure the work is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two flute , two oboe , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
17	-- 1735 ) was a french opera singer active at the paris opéra where he created many bass roles during the late 17th and early 18th centuries .
20	until 2011 , the group consisted of eight voices : two soprano , two alto , two tenor and two bass .
12	john dodington ( born 3 july 1945 ) is a canadian opera bass .
6	he was best known as the bass of motown group the four tops , which he joined in 1953 and continued to perform with for over five decades , until april 8 , 2005 .
41	ivan rebroff ivan rebroff ivan rebroff ( 31 july 1931 27 february 2008 ) was a german singer , allegedly of russian ancestry , with an extraordinary vocal range of four and a half octave , ranging from the soprano to bass registers .
14	herbert wilson beattie ( born august 23 , 1926 ) is an american operatic bass and voice teacher .
7	'' in many respects the finest lyric bass of the twentieth century , and one of the most popular singers in history .
15	ferruccio furlanetto ( born 16 may 1949 in sacile , italy ) is an italian bass .
9	michael pospíšil ( born 1962 ) is a classical bass , specialising in historically informed performance .
22	it is scored for two violin , violone , basso continuo , and four voices ( soprano , alto , tenor , bass ) .
7	sen. trent lott ( r-mississippi ) -- bass history beginnings in 1995 , at new hampshire senator bob smith 's birthday party , ashcroft , jeffords , lott , and connie mack of florida sang '' happy birthday '' .
11	andreas pruys ( born in kleve ) is a german classical bass singer .
18	richard leveridge ( or leueridge ) ( 19 july 1670 -- 22 march 1758 ) was an english bass singer of the london stage and a composer of baroque music , including many popular songs .
15	paolo montarsolo ( 16 march 1925 - 31 august 2006 ) was an italian operatic bass particularly associated with buffo roles .
15	she was born in oderzo and studied at the venice conservatory and in turin with bass antonio cassinelli and soprano maria carbone .
16	the work is scored for five vocal parts , two soprano , alto , tenor and bass , and an orchestra of three trumpets , timpani , corno da caccia , two flauti traversi , two oboes , two oboes d'amore , two bassoons , two violins , viola , and basso continuo .
5	) was a german operatic bass .
29	the '' gloria '' portion takes up the vast majority of the work and is split up into operatic-style '' numbers '' , soprano soloists alternating with tenors , bass , etc. .
23	it is open to the following voice type : soprano , mezzo-soprano , contralto , counter tenor , tenor , baritone , and bass .
31	it is scored for 5 voices ( in most sources , soprano ( s ) , alto ( a ) , tenor ( t ) , baritone ( bar ) and bass ( b ) , although some specify ssatb instead ) and presents the legend that swan sing only just before their death ( see swan song ) .
53	the soprano is a female who continuously has no luck when it comes to men ; the alto is depicted as a female who has suddenly abandoned her lover ; the tenor is portrayed as a male who is selfish and irresponsible when it comes to sexual relationships with women ; and the bass is one who is hopelessly in love with his married lover .
13	'' paul oscar rediscovered his voice at the age of 18 , singing bass with the hamrahlíð college choir for two years .
32	it is becoming increasingly common in a cappella and barbershop music circles to use the fifth voice as vocal percussionist , with the remainder being a traditional satb ( soprano alto tenor bass ) quartet , or perhaps ssaa or ttbb .
34	since its inception , the band has comprised singers jānis šipkēvics , andris sējāns ( both countertenor ) , juris lisenko ( tenor ) , jānis ozols ( baritone ) , jānis strazdiņš ( bass ) and reinis sējāns ( rhythm ) .
13	the farris banjolin was offered in soprano , alto , tenor , and bass models .