11	ecos runs on a wide variety of hardware platforms , including arm , calmrisc , fr-v , hitachi h8 , ia-32 , motorola 68000 , matsushita am3x , mips , nec v8xx , nios ii , powerpc , sparc , and superh .
7	most companies developing software with vrtx use arm , mips , powerpc or other risc microprocessor .
10	this includes kinetis , coldfire , powerpc , arc , arm , strongarm , xscale cpus .
2	support for arm v7a and v8a virtualization extensions came with xen 4.3 .
20	ports atmel : avr ( atmega , atxmega ) ( atmega328p , atmega644 , atxmega256a1 ) texas instruments : msp430 arm : cortex-m3 ( untested ) ports for other modern microcontrollers are planned for future releases .
5	early minimo development centered around arm devices ( such as hewlett-packard 's ipaq ) with around 64 mb of ram , running familiar linux and the gpe palmtop environment ( where it is was the default browser ) .
12	simics can simulate systems such as alpha , x86-64 , ia-64 , arm , mips ( 32 - and 64-bit ) , msp430 , powerpc ( 32 - and 64-bit ) , power , sparc-v8 and v9 , and x86 cpus .
26	today , os-9 is a product name used by both a motorola 68000 - series machine language os and a portable ( powerpc , x86 , arm , mips , sh4 , etc. ) version written in c , originally known as os-9000 .
26	his website closed , and it remains to be seen if he will continue work on nulldc or if he will release source code related to arm and powerpc devices .
15	) the tegra system-on-a-chip ( soc ) integrates eight specialized processors , including a multi-core arm cpu , a gpu , and dedicated audio , video and image processors .
26	design and construction minifigures generally feature six parts ( widely referred to as tools in the toy industry ) : head , torso , hip , arm , hand , and leg ; these six parts allow seven points of articulation : swivel head , swivel arms , swivel wrists , and swivel legs .
26	technique although the name implies that the paint is applied with the fingers , expert use of this medium makes use of the hand and lower arm too .
18	skeletal similarities include the neck , the pubis , the wrist ( semi-lunate carpal ) , the ' arm ' and pectoral girdle , the shoulder blade , the clavicle and the breast bone .
24	brachial plexus block s are regional anesthesia techniques that are sometimes employed as an alternative to general anesthesia for surgery of the shoulder , arm , forearm , wrist and hand .
24	sccs usually occur on portions of the body commonly exposed to the sun ; the face , ears , neck , hand , or arm .
25	cicadas are benign to humans under normal circumstances and do not bite or sting in a true sense , but may mistake a person 's arm or other part of their body for a tree or plant limb and attempt to feed .
29	they do n't lift off or push the rib cage into the mat , paying particular attention to the placement of the rib cage when inhaling or while performing arm movements overhead .
10	a scooter is useful for persons without the stamina or arm / shoulder flexibility necessary to use a manual wheelchair .
12	the brachialis ( brachialis anticus ) is a muscle in the upper arm that flexes the elbow joint .
22	the cemetery is also known for the common ivy , which grows on the tree and its stem are thick as an arm of an adult human .