6	a flared hull typically has a deck area larger than its cross-sectional area at the waterline .
10	this consisted of a full-length waterline armoured belt with armored deck above and below .
22	binnacle with iron correcting spheres at each side and clinometer below compass a binnacle is a waist-high case or stand on the deck of a ship , generally mounted in front of the helmsman , in which navigational instruments are placed for easy and quick reference as well as to protect the delicate instruments .
9	her armor consisted of belt and bulkhead thick , deck armor thick , and her conning tower and gun turrets were thick .
20	it is considered a sister series to decked out , and like decked out , stars paul lafrance and his deck building crew .
5	the flat portion of the deck armor was thick and four inches thick where it sloped down to the bottom of the armor belt .
10	the ship 's belt armor was thick , and the deck was thick .
1	the deck armor inside the central citadel ranged from 1 to 1.5 inches in thickness .
25	the voyage ' s station is themed as a 17th-century ship , with the basement being the cargo hold , the second level being the deck , and the ride operator 's controls being the '' captain 's quarters '' .
37	this battleship would have had a length of and a beam , two quad / 55 turrets forward , three quad dual purpose ( dp ) turrets aft , a top speed , belt armor , and deck armor .
3	komintern s armored deck and her casemates were thick .
22	the belt consisted of two strake of armor , high , that covered the sides of the hull up to the main deck and extended below the normal waterline .
6	each room has its own private deck and fireplace .
5	lower manhattan skyline from the deck of the ferry , 2010 in 1817 the richmond turnpike company began to run the first motorized ferry between new york and staten island , the steam-powered nautilus .
4	as designed the high-tensile-steel deck ranged from in thickness .
8	the training vessel were equipped with an additional deck including the accommodation for the cadet , a class room and a maritime library .
2	the armored deck rested on the top of the waterline belt .
0	deck - the top surface of the hull keeps water and weather out of the hull and allows the crew to operate the boat more easily .
4	thomas jefferson has of deck working space .
33	hosted by paul lafrance , a contractor who owns cutting edge construction and design in pickering , ontario , each episode depicts lafrance and his team designing and building a unique and dramatic deck for a client .
3	the enclosed walkway deck was constructed of laminated veneer lumber and steel bar trusses .
14	on the evening of 14 april , in the wireless room on the boat deck , phillips was sending messages to cape race , newfoundland , working to clear a backlog of passengers ' personal messages that had accumulated when the wireless had broken down the day before .
28	a traveller on a smaller craft ( such as the popular single-handed '' laser '' sailboat ) might simply be a line attached to two points on the deck , along which another block runs .
4	the ship 's armored deck was thick .
23	construction and commissioning sand lance under construction at portsmouth naval shipyard at kittery , maine , with temporary safety railings rigged around her deck .
14	foot controlled trolling motors require a specialized mounting bracket that bolts horizontally to the deck .
1	the deck armor would have had a total thickness of .
9	her armor consisted of belt and bulkhead thick , deck armor thick , and her conning tower had thick armor .
2	the upper deck was thick in two layers .
32	sleeping porch in the main house of the eleanor roosevelt national historic site the restored sleeping porch of heublein tower in talcott mountain state park , connecticut a sleeping porch is a deck or balcony that is screened and furnished for sleeping in the warmer months .
2	the armor deck was 1.5 inches thick on the flat and thick where it sloped down to meet the belt .
32	they were also adapted to the increasing maritime trade : from 200 tons capacity in the 15th century to 500 , they become impressive in the 16th century , having usually two deck , stern castles fore and aft , two to four masts with overlapping sails .
11	a cabin which protrudes above the level of a ship 's deck may be referred to as a '' deckhouse .
3	the ship 's deck was only 25 mm thick over the machinery spaces and thick over the magazines and avgas storage tanks .
14	as of february 2003 , governor r. m. mclane , her deckhouse gone but deck still visible , rested partially submerged on the harbor bottom next to the pier of the downtown sailing center on the grounds of the baltimore museum of industry at baltimore , maryland .
20	approximately 33 meters long and 7 wide , this yacht has been designed with two alternative versions for the main deck and can carry 20 people , crew included .
14	kline , crawling through a small overhead hatch and worming his way along the deck under a hail of shells and machine-gun fire , opened a large hatch and assisted 42 men to safety .
10	the casemates protecting the secondary armament were thick and the deck armor was in thickness .
8	the underwater tubes were protected underneath the armor deck , forward of the forward 12-inch magazine .
2	her protective deck ranged from in thickness and the ship had a conning tower with walls thick .
6	modern trawlers modern trawlers are usually deck vessels designed for robustness .
15	modern military in modern amphibious warfare usage , a well dock , is a hangar-like deck located at the waterline in the stern of some amphibious warfare ship .
13	the armor of their gun turrets had a maximum thickness of and their deck ranged from in thickness .