19	they had to score at least one basket using a trampoline , ladder , supermarket cart , and a chair .
10	in the same year , he was appointed as the chair of the technology subcommittee of the 2006 executive bond committee , by phoenix mayor phil gordon .
7	one player will be left without a chair , and will stand in the center of the circle .
17	common objects that could potentially become unclean , and become a such midras object , include a chair , sofa , mattress , and rug .
13	columbia manufacturing inc. is a company located in westfield , massachusetts that manufactures chair , desk , bicycle , and other materials .
26	after study at heidelberg , göttingen , and bonn , he became docent in history at berlin in 1873 and in 1880 was appointed to a chair of modern history there .
3	note that the chair , curtain and wall are predominantly green , from which the room takes its name .
26	marshal of the sejm also known as sejm marshal , chairman of the sejm or speaker of the sejm ( , ) is the speaker ( chair ) of the sejm ( since the 15th century , the lower house of the polish parliament ) .
3	uses chairs upholstered chair first began to become common in the 17th century , in the later period of the age of oak .
26	main positions the council has three major positions to which councillors may be appointed : chairman -- the ceremonial head of the council speaker -- who chair full council meetings leader -- the leader of the controlling political group the leader and nine additional portfolio holders form the cabinet .
12	huawei symantec 's technologists participate in various standardization organizations , including holding chair and vice-chair posts .
31	at one time it was a bustling frontier village that had three stores , a school , a cemetery , three blacksmith and wagon shops , a grist mill , a chair and coffin factory , a shoe shop and the patchin hotel which also served as the post office .
5	'' smith has served as chair of the trustee board of ami infinity schools , chicago .
21	in a standard hut , each patient was supplied with a bed , chest of drawers , a table and a chair .
7	he has been a board member and chair of the local branches of the norwegian state food authority and the norwegian association of local and regional authorities .
13	one of the pieces of wright-designed furniture in the building was a round-backed chair .
6	pablo javier almaguér is a former chair of the state bar of texas board of directors .
14	hence , if procuring independently , each government agency will pay $ 100 per chair .
5	he has also been the chair of the norwegian broadcasting corporation , the research council of norway and the oslo stock exchange .
4	biography denison was the chair of the canadian coalition for good governance ( ccgg ) from june 4 , 2009 - june 15 , 2011 , and a corporate director of since june 23 , 2005 .
18	types of upholstery traditional upholstery traditional upholstery is a craft which evolved over centuries for padding and covering chair , seats and sofas , before the development of sewing machines synthetic fabrics and plastic foam .
28	the string is threaded through the straw and is attached at both ends to objects of some kind , such as a doorknob on one end and a chair on the other .
4	it depicts a giant chair with a broken leg and stands across the street from the palace of nations , in geneva .
2	she was chair of the canadian broadcasting corporation from july 16 , 2001 , until march 14 , 2005 , when she resigned in order to seek the nomination of the british columbia liberal party in that province 's 2005 election .
7	he was especially known for his designed chair .
7	anna wintour , vogue editor-in-chief and a chair of the event since 1995 , oversees both the benefit committee and the guest list , with vogue staffers helping assemble the list of invitees .
2	sometimes , chair or benchlike seats are used as well , and occasionally mounts can be shaped like airplanes or cars .
24	when no second is made after a motion is proposed , if the motion requires a second and none is immediately offered , the chair of the body will usually ask , '' is there a second ?
1	this chair was revolutionary in the use of the materials ( bent tubular steel and canvas ) and methods of manufacturing .
24	he was a member of the faculty of the ohio state university for 28 years , including 14 years teaching and 14 years as chair of the department of landscape architecture , and served as a consultant as well as a volunteer with the national park service .
2	she was chair of the wimbledon conservative association for a year from 2002 .
5	it is equipped with a chair base on castors and a gas cylinder for adjusting the correct sitting height .
13	he then proceeded to attack goldberg , which led to batista inserting a chair on goldberg 's ankle .
4	a wheelchair is a chair with wheels , invented in the early 5th century .
26	he became assistant at the astrophysical observatory in potsdam in 1887 and its observer in chief in 1898 , three years after his appointment to the chair of astrophysics in the university of berlin .
5	manasseh meyer had a special chair set out in the front of the congregation .
2	the djinn chair is an important design of the '' modernist '' style .
4	in 1907 he became chair of the chemistry department at the university of illinois at urbana-champaign , a position he would hold until 1926 .
3	roger martin is chair to the board of trustees , population matters ( formerly the optimum population trust ) and president of the somerset branch , campaign to protect rural england .
11	by the mid-19th century , reading had thirteen establishments that manufactured chair and cabinets .
18	in 1882 in belleville séance sitters caught slade making '' spirit '' raps against the rung of his chair , using his foot to move a slate , writing '' spirit '' messages and substituting slates .
5	he is also the vice chair of tv 2 .
22	woodworking is depicted in many ancient egyptian drawings , and a considerable amount of ancient egyptian furniture ( such as stools , chair , tables , bed , chests ) has been preserved in tomb .
2	'' the chair is the '' active executive officer '' of the board of governors of the federal reserve system .
4	du also was the chair of education psychology department of nanjing normal university .
38	'' format meeting report generally , minutes begin with the name of the body holding the meeting ( e.g. , a committee ) , place , date , list of people present , and the time that the chair called the meeting to order .
60	the first of a series of gablestones on a gemeenlandshuis in halfweg built in 1645 ; each stone represents the heraldic shield of the dike-reeve and his men , known as the heemraden , or in this case , the high or hoogheemraden a dijkgraaf ( translated : dike-warden or dike-reeve ) , sometimes called a watergraaf , is the chair of a dutch water board .
31	in 1986 , he became professor at the physics department and optical sciences center of the university of arizona in tucson , az , and in 1989 , he accepted a chair there .
3	bore is the chair of norwegian church aid since 2000 .
5	he became a cabinet and chair maker by trade .
23	he was professor of english literature at the university of southern california from 1905 to 1911 , when he was transferred to the chair of orient studies and comparative literature .
3	though he remained chair of the board , hawkins transitioned from ea in 1991 to form 3do , a video game console company .
21	he came to wisconsin with his family in 1849 , and settled at winneconne where in 1850 he opened a horse-powered chair factory .
4	she also served as chair of the annapolis group .
12	products included textiles , clothing , carpet , lumber , barrels , chair , carriages , wagons and sleigh .
16	appliquéd slips of both old fabric and new canvaswork are characteristic of domestic textile such as chair covers , cushion , and especially wall hangings and bed curtain throughout the elizabethan and jacobean era .
24	vytlacil invited holty to participate in discussions which led to the formation of the american abstract artists , which holty would eventually come to chair , retaining his membership until 1944 .
18	a sitting position sitting requires the buttocks resting on a more or less horizontal structure , like a chair or the ground .
17	in mass transit facilities , epa-approved antimicrobial copper products include handrail , stair rail grab bar , chair , benches , etc. .
31	the collection of furniture is mostly composed of english and french examples , including storage and resting pieces , such as chests , sideboard , cupboard , bookcase , seat and chair , made with oak , walnut and other types of wood .
17	a sling being used to carry an injured man sling furniture is usually a suspended , free-swinging chair , bed , or hammock that is made of a framework connected to hanging straps or rope .
23	the range of van ' t hoff 's design work also broadened around this time : he published designs for banister posts and chair , and in 1918 designed a houseboat , which he christened de stijl and in which he and his wife lived shortly after their marriage in july .
4	he was also the chair of ullevål university hospital from 1996 to 2000 .
23	teresa mosqeda is legislative and policy director for the washington state labor council ( the washington branch of the afl-cio ) , the chair of the healthy washington coalition and a member of the board of washington’s health exchange .
11	a stretcher is a horizontal support element of a table , chair or other item of furniture ; this structure is normally made of exposed wood and ties vertical elements of the piece together .
20	in september of that same year he joined torys llp , as counsel , and since 2005 has been the chair of the higher education quality council of ontario .
4	a similar form of chair in domestic furniture is called '' prie-dieu '' by analogy .
9	the hon company designs and manufactures office furniture including chair , filing cabinet , workstations , tables , desk and education furniture .
12	li was transferred to professor of zhejiang university , and was the chair of its department of civil engineering .
4	he slumps into his chair with his head on his chest .
27	background pitt was born in washington , d.c . , and lived several years in alabama ( where his father , charles redding pitt , served as chair of the state democratic party ) before eventually moving to boston .
27	a swivel in a chain link a swivel in a link a swivel is a connection that allows the connected object , such as a gun or chair , to rotate horizontally or vertically .
34	a la-z-boy swivelling , rocking , recliner la-z-boy , inc. is a furniture manufacturer based in monroe , michigan , us , which makes home furniture , including upholstered recliner , sofas , stationary chair , and sleeper sofas .
3	modern use the chair of a student society in the netherlands or belgium may be called a praeses ; in dutch the official spelling has changed to '' preses '' but most student societies still observe the latin spelling .
12	'' he has been dating dr. mildred '' millie '' finch , chair of the calsci physics , mathematics , and astronomy division .
9	it was first announced by bill gates , the chair of microsoft on 1 august 1988 at comdex in las vegas .
19	in july 2009 , at the mayor of london and hm government 's request , he set up and chair a board directing the cultural olympiad , and also joined the london organising committee for the olympic games board .
6	its furniture products include table , chair , shelving units , bed , dining room set , bedroom set and more .
4	smith has been the chair of the norwegian institute for social research from 2007 to 2010 .
4	'' silla '' means chair in the spanish language .
17	a panel was set up by cr administration to supervise the establishment , with boonsing boonkham as chair .
38	purpose the purpose and benefits of a model un conference such as limun can be generally classified into two strands : first , personal development ( the skills gained or developed through participation , whether as delegate , chair , secretariat-member ) ; second , the instilling of a cosmopolitan ethic in its participants .
22	this step is named because of the resemblance of the leg in action to a leg 's position when sitting in a chair .
26	he became the magazine 's associate editor in 1881 , and in 1909 , on the death of richard watson gilder , succeeded to the editorial chair , which he occupied until may 1913 .
3	berge was the chair of the norwegian non-fiction writers and translators association from 2005 to 2008 .
18	seating garden furniture is often sold as a patio set consisting of a table , four or six chair , and a (parasol) .
7	in 1873 he was appointed to the chair of geography at the polytechnic institute , munich .
1	a chair is a common example of such a product .
4	he was also the chair of akers elektrisitetsverk from 1927 to 1935 and a member of the board of akers sparebank and freia .
12	officers - the senior executive of the official side is usually the chair and a representative of the staff side nominated as vice-chair .
29	their work displayed the new technique of wood moulding ( originally developed by alvar aalto ) , that eames would further develop in many moulded plywood products , including chair and other furniture , splints and stretchers for the us navy during world war ii .
3	he was the chair of the norwegian publishers association from 1972 to 1975 .
12	the game starts with any number of players and a number of chair one fewer than the number of players ; the chairs are arranged in a circle ( or other closed figure if space is constrained ; a double line is sometimes used ) facing outward , with the people standing in a circle just outside of that .
9	in his later years , perry diversified into developing chair designs , jewelry , and a number of sculptural puzzles for the museum of modern art and the smithsonian institution .
15	salma yaqoob ( born 1971 ) is the former leader , and former vice - chair , of the respect party and a former birmingham city council .
5	although designed to be a chair , due to its amorphous nature it is often confused with a : hassock , tuffet and ottoman .
9	from 1994 through 2003 he was the co - chair of the department of space and society at the international space university .
24	equipment rehab equipment includes but is not limited to : a canopy misting fan for cooling cooler with water and other beverages medical monitor chair food overview firefighter rehab is designed to ensure that the physical and mental well-being of members operating at the scene of an emergency ( or a training exercise ) do n't deteriorate to the point where it affects the safety of any other members .
16	a man , who was playing the piano in background , comes forward and puts his chair over her .
8	andy clark is a professor of philosophy and chair in logic and metaphysics at the university of edinburgh in scotland .
3	he serves as chair and president of the board of directors of one la - industrial areas foundation , one of the nation 's largest community organizing networks and of 1010 development corporation , a non-profit affordable housing developer in los angeles rooted in the united methodist tradition .
25	shiyi chen ( traditional chinese : 陳十一 , simplified chinese : 陈十一 pinyin : chén shíyī ) , is the current alonzo g. decker jr. chair in engineering and science , mechanical engineering and professor , department of applied mathematics and statistics , department of physics and astronomy , johns hopkins university .
24	demise nan tucker mcevoy as late as 1993 , nan tucker mcevoy , granddaughter of san francisco chronicle founder m. h. de young and chair of chronicle publishing company 's board of directors , declined an offer of $ 800 million made by hearst corporation for chronicle publishing .
11	grandstands may have basic bench seating , but usually have individual chair like a stadium .
2	harman became chair of cardiovascular research at the university of nebraska college of medicine in 1958 .
10	she later became a successful lawyer , author , and chair of national commission on libraries and information science .
10	the honor of serving as mace-bearer is accorded to the chair of the academic senate .
35	he is a member for life of clare hall , cambridge , at the university of cambridge , and is retired as a full professor of the university of melbourne , where he was previously chair of agriculture , dean of land and food resources , dean of agriculture , forestry and horticulture ( now faculty of land and environment ) .
5	the caquetoire , or conversation chair , was an armchair style implemented during the european renaissance .
31	bennett taught at the royal academy of music between 1963 and 1965 , at the peabody institute in baltimore , united states from 1970 to 1971 , and was later international chair of composition at the royal academy of music between 1994 and the year 2000 .
6	particularly in academia , the word chair is often used to designate the person chosen to oversee the agenda at meetings of an organized group .
5	armrests are also found on chair in general .
7	in 1964 , he was appointed the chair of the central asian seminar at bonn university .
5	they are used when the chair of a committee refuses to place a bill or resolution on the committee 's agenda ; by never reporting a bill , the matter will never leave the committee , and the full house will not be able to consider it .
54	members of that committee were : max baucus d mt ranking jay rockefeller d wv kent conrad , d nd jim jeffords , i vt jeff bingaman , d nm john kerry , d ma blanche lincoln , d ar ron wyden , d or charles schumer , d ny chuck grassley r ia chair olympia snowe , r ma jon kyl , r az craig thomas , r wy rick santorum , r pn bill frist , r tn gordon smith , r or jim bunning , r ky mike crapo , r id orrin hatch , r ut trent lott , r ms the main sponsor was byron dorgon , d nd .
5	since 2007 he is the chair of synnøve finden .
10	a seat is also known as a bench , a chair , a chaise longue , chesterfield , a couch , a davenport or a settee .
1	the chair of this council is held by the member from the state holding the presidency ( see section above ) .
8	common things the patient address in the empty chair are another person , aspects of their personality , a certain feeling etc. was in it .
4	in 2006 , she chair the lewes district council , where she represented the coastal communities of east saltdean and telscombe cliffs , just five miles east of the cosmopolitan hub of brighton in sussex .
4	he is the associate chair of the sociology department at mcmaster university .
14	mid-life and career heller painted beyond canvas on easels , painting objects ranging from chair to pool table .
18	senator collins presented the gao report to the committee on governmental affairs , of which she was the chair and ranking republican .
29	the subject must then slide down the wall or pole until his thigh are parallel to the ground , so that his profile is of someone sitting in a chair .
2	jpg thonet chair wien museum karlplatz file : thonet-exhibition 58 .
54	common design elements include : top surfaces of various shapes , including rectangular , rounded or semi-circular legs arranged in two or more similar pairs several geometries of folding table that can be collapsed into a smaller volume heights ranging up and down from the most common range , often reflecting the height of chair or bar stool used as seating for people making use of a table , as for eating or performing various manipulations of objects resting on a table presence or absence of drawer expansion of the surface by insertion of leaves or locking hinged drop leaf sections into horizontal position .
10	today , lifetime is a major manufacturer of tables and chair , residential basketball equipment , shed , trailers , playground equipment , and raw steel products .
18	moore is associate dean for basic medical sciences in the university 's faculty of medicine , and was chair of anatomy from 1976 to 1984 .
22	metamorphic library steps are a type of archaic dual-use furniture , consisting of a small folding staircase that can be transformed into chair or desk form ( such as a small writing table or library table ) .
25	after some research positions at the university of tartu , he was elected , in 2002 , aged 28 , to a full professorship and chair in public management and european studies at tallinn university of technology 's ragnar nurkse school of innovation and governance ( as it is now called ) , which since 2004 , he heads .
4	the secretary general is chair of the council of regional organisations in the pacific ( crop ) .
13	a typical western living room may contain furnishings such as a sofa , chair , occasional table , and bookshelves , electric lamp , rugs , or other furniture .
3	he served as chair of the berkeley mathematics department for the 2002-2003 academic year .
26	a simple rising vote ( in which the number of members voting on each side are counted ) is used principally in cases in which the chair believes a voice vote has been taken with an inconclusive result , or upon a motion to divide the assembly .
3	he held the chair in civil law at the catholic university of quito for many years .
1	the chair would '' reduce the expenses of hotels by decreasing the number of waiters and attendants , to add to the convenience and comfort of guests and to obviate the necessity of hand clapping or calling aloud to obtain the services of pages .
3	he served as chair of catholic legal immigration network , inc. ( 1998 -- 2001 ) , and of the united states conference of catholic bishops ' committee on migration ( 2001 -- 2004 ) .
3	she served as chair of the history department until shortly after hurricane katrina in 2005 .
8	museum namesake peter cooper created the first metal chair in the united states .
27	a chairy tale ( ) is a 1957 stop-motion pixilation short film co-directed by norman mclaren and claude jutra , and starring jutra and a most uncooperative chair .
8	while in the house , goss served as chair of the house intelligence committee from 1997 until 2005 and the vice-chairman of the house rules committee .
5	he also served as the chair of the british columbia political science articulation committee .
10	she also claims to have once been hit by a chair at a wrestling match , and made it onto tv .
4	he is ibn khaldun chair of islamic studies at the american university in washington dc and was the high commissioner of pakistan to uk .
4	he also served as chair of the standing committee on private and local bills and sat on the legislature 's human resources committee .
3	the current board chair is municipal councillor joe virdiramo .
10	copeland was probably the originator of a peculiar type of chair back , popular for a few years in the middle of the 18th century , consisting of a series of interlaced circles .
30	administrative positions : rector ( ) provost ( ) vice-rectors ( academic , research , financial , foreign activity ) dean ( ) associate deans ( academic , research ) chair ( head ) of a department ( ) head of administrative departments professorship in russia the university academic career to the rank of professor usually starts right after graduation .
7	name kau yi ( 交椅 ) means chair in the cantonese language for the island 's shape .
19	since the mid-17th century a chair-maker , or chairbler , is a craftsman in the furniture trades specializing in chair .
13	he has often assisted the canadian disabled community , including serving as honorary chair of the and chairman emeritus of the .
8	gamper has stated '' there is no perfect chair '' .
9	each standing and select committee is led by a chair ( who belongs to the majority party ) and a ranking member ( who belongs to the minority party ) .
29	it is composed of different sections : clinic medical forensic pathology psychiatry and psychology forensic medicine labor criminal objectives deposit criminal museum canine unit account in addition to the chair in medicine of university of costa rica as a teacher .
12	the top administrative post in many academic departments is the '' department chair .
5	early political career she was chair of the san mateo democratic party between 1978 and 1982 .
21	sweden the united kingdom , ireland and other english speaking countries united states historical islamic usage in muslim civilisation , the chair was designated by the caliph himself .
16	one tribe , dom , is expert in manufacturing bamboo items like box , sofas , chair , basket and racks .
21	the village of munsonville , situated on the stage line at the outlet of granite lake , manufactured cotton cloth and chair .
34	a pillow is a cushion support for the head or other parts of the body , usually used while sleep on a bed , or for the body as used on a couch or chair .
1	the chair of the convention , william gwin , was himself a slaveholder from tennessee .
12	the conference is led by a president , who also serves as chair of the conference board .
1	the chair may rule on the point of order or submit it to the judgment of the assembly .
14	one of the original chairs the 10 downing street guard chairs are two antique chair .
17	he eventually rose to the rank of professor , and served many administrative roles , including department chair , dean , vice president for academic affairs , and provost .
36	the shrinks in revenge for the wormy spaghetti , mr. twit glues pieces of wood no thicker than a penny onto mrs. twit 's cane each night , as well as onto the legs of her chair , making mrs. twit believe that she is slowly shrinking .
8	this publication raised his hopes to obtain the chair of reptile and fish at the natural history museum left vacant by the death of auguste duméril ( 1812 -- 1870 ) but it was finally léon vaillant ( 1834 -- 1914 ) who was selected .
30	while an innate cautiousness around heights is helpful for survival , an extreme fear can interfere with the activities of everyday life , such as standing on a ladder or chair , or even walking up a flight of stairs .
8	the fibers are also woven into curtain , chair coverings , carpet , area rugs , hessian cloth , and backing for linoleum .
3	he served as chair of the administrative committee from 1965 through 1966 .
27	in addition to covering a completely different topic , it must have been quite a bit more accessible , since it got him a position as a chair of mathematics at a provincial university .
4	annie laurie 's wishing chair , broken tree bench , abrahams oak , pool of hebron and cave of machpelah are some of the most important sculptures that can be found throughout the cemetery .
6	in 2009 , ursula philpot , chair of the british dietetic association and senior lecturer at leeds metropolitan university , described people with orthorexia nervosa to the guardian as being '' solely concerned with the quality of the food they put in their bodies , refining and restricting their diets according to their personal understanding of which foods are truly ` pure ' .
19	the museum presents exhibitions on crafts and history of the local area , including the furniture industry , especially chair - making .
6	he is well known as the chair of the editorial committee for the international code of botanical nomenclature ( icbn ) - both the previous st louis code ( 2000 ) , and tokyo code ( 1994 ) , but not the current vienna code ( 2006 ) .
12	he spent the next 30 years there , including a stint as chair of the computer science department from 1982 -- 1987 .
1	the chair of the house elections committee , representative diane rosenbaum , dismissed such concerns .
10	otherwise , it is merely for the guidance of the chair .
8	during the late 17th century he won the chair of mathematics and astronomy at the university of mexico .
14	'' within the united states conference of catholic bishops , morin has served as chair of the subcommittee of the catholic campaign for human development , and as a member of the committee on domestic justice and human development and the committee on national collections .
33	rule i of the standing rules of the united states senate , established by the senate committee on rules and administration , governs the subject of the appointment of a senator to the chair .
24	in 2005 , the provincial government established the council through the higher education quality council of ontario act and appointed frank iacobucci as its chair .
11	after resigning her ceo role at avon , jung continued as chair of avon 's board of directors through the end of 2012 and then as a senior advisor to avon 's board through april , 2014 .
15	items such as small tables , nightstand , chests , commode , and easily moved chair are usually included in this category .
5	former president of indonesia and chair of the ( pdip ) , megawati sukarnoputri , issued a statement expressing condolences after the accident .
18	christina elizabeth kramer is professor of slavic and balkan languages and linguistics at the university of toronto and chair of the university 's department of slavic languages and literatures which is part of the faculty of arts and science .
14	this meeting was held on april 2 , 1982 , with dyson occupying the chair .
65	nearby is a showcase that displays memorabilia like school badges , erasers , pencil sharpener , fountain pen , ruler , pencil and a set of textbook that was commonly used in the past , the ` coffee shop ' the ` coffee shop ' resembling an old eatery ( ’kopi tiam’ ) , this setup comes complete with a cashier 's counter , wooden chair , stools , tables , mirror , clock , mechanical fan , ashtray , matchbox , counting frames , chopsticks , chopstick holders , drinking straw , spittoon , bottle opener , serving tray , coffee cup , ice grinders and a variety of soft drink .
18	garden furniture garden furniture may range from a patio set consisting of a table , four or six chair and a parasol , through benches , swings , various lighting , to stunning artifacts in brutal concrete or weathered oak .
33	ordained to the congregational ministry in 1883 , he was a pastor at newark , n. j . , in 1883-85 , and thereafter was president of bowdoin college , also holding the chair of mental and moral philosophy .
3	gan is current chair of the department of environmental sciences at university of california , riverside .
9	typically in a sidewalk cafe there are table and chair ( and sometimes bench ) for dining and relaxing .
8	'' in an open letter to castro , chair of the congressional black caucus representative maxine waters of california later explained that many members of the caucus ( including herself ) were against shakur 's extradition but had mistakenly voted for the bill , which was placed on the accelerated suspension calendar , generally reserved for non-controversial legislation .
18	in 1878 , he became a professor of botany and the fisher professor of natural science , a chair formerly held by asa gray .
7	cathedra is the latin word for a chair with armrests , and it appears in early christian literature in the phrase '' cathedrae apostolorum '' indicating authority derived directly from the apostles ; its roman connotations of authority reserved for the emperor were later adopted by bishops after the 4th century .
10	plot synopsis a naked woman is seen sitting on a chair in a room with view .
7	italian academic circles in addition to his chair positions , from 1992 to 1998 umberto meoli was president of the italian association for the history of economic thought ( l'associazione italiana per la storia del pensiero economico , aispe ) .
8	history in 1872 albert stoll i established a chair factory in koblenz which focused on the production of bentwood chairs for cafés , hotels and stores .
40	bob holly became the new hardcore champion on the banks of the mississippi river the hardcore match between the two j.o.b . squad members began with al snow throwing bob holly out of the ring and hitting him with a chair before throwing him into the crowd .
6	it has similarities to the traditional chair or secretary roles in a meeting but goes beyond them to actively participate and guide the group towards consensus .
26	the professor of geology , lawrence wager recognized brown 's abilities , and took him with him as a research student following his move to the chair in geology at oxford university .
4	his appointment to a chair at berlin in 1884 against the wishes of the medical faculty was largely due to his successful treatment of otto von bismarck for obesity .
21	the body is supinated so that the back turns to the ground , the legs are bent like sitting in a chair , and the arms extend straight backward .
24	a sgabello is an italian term for a specific type of backstool , moveable seat furniture typical of the italian renaissance , when a chair ( sedia ) usually signified an armchair , a seat of some hieratic importance .
30	present positions he is the current president of national taiwan university ( 2005 -- ) , president of the association of national universities of taiwan ( 2006 -- ) and chair of the university mobility in asia and the pacific ( 2005 -- ) .
5	the match started with several chair shots from both competitors .
7	from 1977 to 1997 he was the chair of the theater det norske teatret .
28	he was a member of the board of the national gallery of norway from 1892 to 1905 and den norske husflidsforening from 1897 to his death , and chair of the national gallery from 1905 to 1907 .
9	the majority of associations are structured to include a chair , vice-chair , secretary , treasurer and committee members .
12	he is a member of the american academy of religion ( section chair 1998-2003 ) , the international association for the history of religions ( member of the executive committee 2000-2005 ) , and is on the editorial boards of numen , implicit religions , postscripts , and beliefs and values .
27	its product line offers both slipcovered and tailored upholstery in fabric and leather , including sleeper , sectionals , chairs , bed , ottoman , and dining chair .
54	risk factors the following risk factors have been identified for coccyx fracture : lack of/reduced muscle mass advanced age osteoporosis being of the female gender ( due to the wider pelvis typically found in females ) violence symptoms of coccyx fracture include : pain that increases in when sitting or getting up from a chair , or when experiencing bowel movement provoked pain over the tailbone nausea bruising or swelling in the tailbone area diagnosis x-rays are usually necessary , but this is not always the case .
4	gayle also served as chair of the obama administration 's presidential advisory council on hiv/aids .
5	in 1893 he gained a chair in modern history at trinity college , which he held for nine years .
19	by about 8 months of age , infants usually learn to pull themselves up and hold on to a chair , and they often can stand alone by about 10 to 12 months of age .
9	unforeseen complications with his work emerge as the new chair of the calsci physics , mathematics , and astronomy division , dr. mildred finch , in the episode '' waste not '' , makes charlie head of the ph.d. admissions committee against his wishes , bogging him down with more work , and gives him pressures about using the school 's supercomputer for fbi work or missing classes for such .
8	treen is distinct from furniture , such as chair , and cabinetry , as well as clock and cupboard .
19	outside of representative government , platou was involved in the administration of vinmonopolet from 1950 , finally serving as chair from 1981 to 1987 .
3	he was also chair of chemistry and toxicology in the columbian university and later its dean .
18	nga adopted a policy in 1977 formalizing its standard practice for many years : the position of nga chair alternates yearly between republican and democratic governors , so that neither party can control the position for two consecutive years .
7	claiborne was the first woman to become chair and ceo of a fortune 500 company .
4	he also served as chair of akvaforsk , and later as a member of the board of the southern norway regional health authority and of blefjell hospital trust .
6	there was a large tannery , chair factory , 10 sawmill , a starch factory , a gristmill , a sash , blind and door factory , and 2 boot and shoe factories .
35	titus was the neutral space 's only occupant except in two episodes , when he was replaced by ken and erin , respectively , and would appear always wearing similar clothes , with a wooden chair , a lightbulb , and the bland walls .
10	east union had a lumbermill , in addition to a chair and table factory .
17	it is a symbol of the authority and right to act officially in the capacity of a chair or presiding officer .
7	from 1973 to 1977 he was the chair of the norwegian agency for development cooperation .
1	his chair of chronology was created by mad king george iii who was terrified that if time were to start flowing backwards , all the bad experiences of his life might recur .
16	assistant secretary to the horticultural society since 1822 , in 1829 lindley was appointed to the chair of botany at university college , london , which he retained until 1860 .
18	the lobby of the law school library contains a sculpture made by cole in the form of a chair entitled the lobbyist .