22	within minutes , a north korean guard truck crossed the bridge and approximately 20 more north korean guards disembarked carrying crowbar and club .
11	antiquity the origins of armed combat are prehistoric , beginning with club , spear and axe .
10	as sylvester prepares to knock the bulldog out with a club , the train heads into a tunnel , slamming sylvester in the face into the bridge above it .
8	in the meantime , two men armed with club and net wait in the foyer to ensnare him , as three more men also watch from over the balcony .
17	ubayid is lady zenadia 's personal armsmaster , who protects her estate and provides the vipers with club and other weapons at her behest .
16	; epigonation / palitsa ( greek '' over the knee '' ; slavonic палица , '' club '' ) : a stiff diamond-shaped cloth that hangs on the right side of the body ; it is suspended by one corner from a strap drawn over the left shoulder .
7	it was similar to a large wooden club with grooves in the side to hold the sharpened obsidian .
4	tipstaves ( the short club after which the office is named ) on display at bedford museum history crossed tipstaffs within a wreath - rank of police assistant chief constable or commander in the uk the office of the tipstaff is thought to have been created in the 14th century .
42	the editorial column of the first issue sided clearly against fascism : luigi pirandello , for his devotion to benito mussolini , was one of becco giallo satirical target , and used to be called p. randello ( randello in italian means club ) .
7	; ( ; , ) a twin club type armament used by louis xiv of hexagone francaise .
10	use as weapons beer bottles are sometimes used as makeshift club , for instance in bar fights .
34	form ` kataore ' , mere pounamu ( 42cm x 12cm ) maori chief holding a mere weapon ( 1860 -- 1879 ) the mere is a , leaf shape , form of short club .
6	his most prized possession is his club , and his solution to pretty much any problem is to bash it with it .
41	contemporaries called him brazen , spiteful and violent , and it is reported that once , in the course of a difference of opinion with his chancellor -- archbishop ratbod of trier , no less -- zwentibold beat him with a club .
14	the condemned were lashed to the wheel and their limbs were beaten with a club or iron cudgel , with the gaps in the wheel allowing the limbs to give way and break .
10	the southern figure is dressed in ceremonial regalia with a club in his right hand .
12	this stone has been used by the great basin tribes for war club and pipes that are jet black with a high gloss when polished .
10	a mace is a blunt weapon , a type of club or virge that uses a heavy head on the end of a handle to deliver powerful blows .
8	the symbols are a uatogi ( a war club , epitomizing the government 's power ) and a fue ( a fly-whisk , representing the wisdom of traditional samoan leaders ) .
20	it is forced wedding not unlike a shotgun wedding named after a knobstick , which is a type of wooden club .
8	truncheons probably developed as a marriage between the club or military mace and the staff of office / sceptre .
19	when his rifle jammed after the first shot , he closed in with rifle , using it as a club to break the stock over the head of the nearest moro and then , drawing his pistol , started in pursuit of the fleeing outlaws .
9	his iconographic attributes are the lion skin and the club .
16	in 1995 , white faced criminal charges of possessing deadly weapons , a knife and a club , distributing obscene material , and attempting to escape from police custody , arising out of the distribution of political leaflets .
24	'' for his devotion to mussolini , the satirical magazine il becco giallo used to call him p. randello ( randello in italian means club ) .
10	in essence , it is a short stave or wooden club thrown as a projectile to hunt small game such as rabbits or waterfowl .
4	the was a spiked/knobbed club or truncheon used in feudal japan as a weapon by samurai and their retainers .
17	resistance symbols like the flags or the weapons used by the peasants , in particular their typical club with nails on the hitting end ( called ( bauern - ) knüttel ) , were outlawed , confiscated , and destroyed .
37	these early april 1912 general elections were known infamously as the '' election of clubs '' ( ) after the beating of opposition ( freedom and accord ) candidates for the chamber of deputies with weapons like club and sticks as well being marred by electoral fraud and violence in favor of the cup .
13	in ukrainian language , a buława or bulava is a mace or a club , in both the military and ceremonial senses .
7	due to the track becoming a major club hit .
22	he moved from jackson , mississippi to new orleans and ultimately to chicago , although by the mid-1940s his appearances in blues club had dwindled away .
23	the tour was divided into seven segments : check-in , mystic lounge , mystic garden , the onyx zone , security cameras , club and the encore .
13	after a spell as a catwalk model , she scored a number of club hits after recording with the group the biz in 1983 .
12	the latter would later be sampled for the 2005 dance radio and club hit '' love on my mind '' by the freemasons featuring amanda wilson .
20	the single prominently included remix by dj tiësto , and fade , which significantly boosted the song 's proliferation through club play ( particularly by influential djs such as paul oakenfold ) as evidenced by the single 's positions on the billboard hot dance music/club play charts .
6	in 1970 , a local blues club opened and flynn was inspired by the music provided there by luther allison , johnny littlejohn and mighty joe young .
21	their debut album control freaks , released two weeks after '' baby ( off the wall ) '' , became a club hit in the uk and achieved commercial success in the far east , which allowed the band to create their second album .
23	the show features a broad variety of american and international dance styles including classical , contemporary , ballroom , hip-hop , street , club , jazz , and musical theatre styles , amongst others , with many sub-genres within these categories represented .
13	in the netherlands , eye-d and dj hidden are frequent guests at underground club nights prspct and smackdown .
22	'' in the song risingson on massive attack 's mezzanine album , the singer apparently appeals to his company to leave the club they 're in , deriding the common persons ' infatuation with them , and implying that he 's about to slide into antisocial behaviour : in an episode of this american life , radio host ira glass uses the term hoi polloi while relaying a story about a woman who believes the letter ` q ' should occur later in the alphabet .
15	he then got a part-time job doing sound engineering at the nearby alternative live music club - the adelphi .
10	( 9 ) he continues to entertain on the australian club circuit during the summer months of the southern hemisphere .
21	he performed infrequently until the early part of the 1990s , when he started a long residency at chicago 's smokedaddy club .
18	pete 's candy store pete 's candy store is a new york city performing space , bar and club located in the williamsburg section of brooklyn .
26	in 2005 , the dance music took place on a second stage on the saturday only and in 2006 it took place off site at a club on the saturday night .
22	junior vasquez , ( born donald paul mattern , august 24 , 1949 , lancaster , pennsylvania ) , is an american club dj and remixer / producer .
25	steve beckett , co-owner of warp , has said that the electronic music the label was releasing at that point was targeting a post - club , home-listening audience .
16	'' some of the songs are concerned with a sense of paranoia and alienation in british club culture .
15	according to a 1997 billboard article , '' ( t ) he union of the club community and independent labels '' provided the experimental and trend-setting environment in which electronica acts developed and eventually reached the mainstream .
4	she danced in small club along hollywood 's sunset strip , introducing herself to performers , managers , and agents .
5	he also worked as a club pianist in dance band , and appeared on radio with harmonica player ronald chesney .
10	recording career solo after leaving high school and playing the club circuit around the new jersey , new york and pennsylvania areas with his brother albert ( a singer ) for most of the 1980s , greg howe officially began his solo career after sending a demo tape to shrapnel records in 1987 , upon which he was immediately signed by founder mike varney .
6	career newton scored a number of club and chart hits in the 1990s .
32	the two have collaborated since 1993 under a variety of names , including axis , hitch hiker & jacques dumondt , and mike stone & steve heller , and have scored major club hits internationally , including a re-make of john paul young 's '' love is in the air '' .
1	a club version of the song was later released featuring eminem and mos def .
19	thematically , the album 's subject matter mostly concerns self-aggrandisement , sex , social commentary , and '' the club '' .
35	'' during the rolling stone interview , he spoke about if the first two singles were representative of the direction of the album , saying : '' i feel like it 's representative of the club side of the album but i 'm really trying to give people all sides of me .
20	in june 1993 , deandrea 's remixed version of '' secret love '' was released , it became a uk club hit and peaked at no. 41 .
23	he did not quit performing musically , but began to cover songs that started a career with a recurring gig at the brooklyn club , casablanca .
19	a secret handshake is a distinct form of handshake or greeting which conveys membership in or loyalty to a club , clique or subculture .
15	a number of historians have asserted that kylfing referred to a member of a '' club in the social or anglo-american sense '' , a '' brotherhood '' or a member of a norse félag .
15	the organization now has two types of membership ; those that are affiliated via a club and those that are individual members .
8	s.s. folgore falciano calcio is a sanmarinese football club , based in the village of falciano in the castello of serravalle .
13	bert serves as president of the national association of w lovers , a club dedicated to the letter w .
6	clonakilty rfc is an irish rugby club .
15	energy 92.7 & 101.1 knrj 's dance music product included house , trance , and club music , as well as remixes of pop and r&b hits .
11	while at its simplest the throwing stick is just a heavy club thrown at the game , a well designed throwing stick uses the principles of an airfoil shape and gyroscopic stability ; the oldest of these dates back 200,000 years to ancient poland .
6	it stated that often when the club offered promotions with gimmicks , dancers would be required to work without payment .
40	opus dei supporter william o'connor wrote that a person 's spiritual life is a private matter , and that the practice of not divulging membership lists is common to many organizations such as trade union , hospitals , schools and club .
17	they have also found in the dwellings well-preserved tools such as iron axe and sickle , wooden club , pottery urn and jars of preserved crops .
15	marshall field and company clubhouse , also known as fieldcrest lodge , is a historic club located at fieldale , henry county , virginia .
13	on 8 november , dixon performed a 5-song set at london 's g-a-y club .
8	bk inter bratislava is a slovak professional basketball club founded in 1962 in the city of bratislava .
4	there are also many club available to join , but players can also start and manage their own .
21	hits kasem started singing in familiar feasts and became famous at the '80s interpreting the hymn of tirana football team sport club tirana .
33	all told , were acquired , and athletic fields , a bowling alley , chapel , firing range , gas station , gym , hobby shop , officers ' and enlisted men 's club , post exchange , post office , radio station , supply depot , and swimming pool were all built on the site .
22	'' the src is responsible for a number of services offered to students and provides a variety of both academic and non-academic club through which students may become directly involved in bishop 's life .
2	history the club was founded in 1891 by a group of young athletes living on the royal island djurgården in central stockholm .
8	functioning collegia could function as guild , social club , or burial societies ; in practice , in ancient rome , they sometimes became organized bodies of local businessmen and even criminals , who ran the mercantile/criminal activities in a given urban region , or rione .
13	the fraternal order of eagles building is a historic fraternal order of eagles club located in richmond , virginia .
33	rucksack ( more commonly called a backpack in u.s. english ) schuss , literally : shot ( ski ) down a slope at high speed turner , a gymnast turnverein , a gymnastics club or society volksmarsch / volkssport / volkswanderung , non-competitive fitness walking other aspects of everyday life -- bahn as a suffix , e.g. infobahn , after autobahn blücher , a half-boot named after prussian field marshal gebhard leberecht von blücher ( 1742 -- 1819 ) ; also a hand in the british card game napoleon .
7	fc dynamo makhachkala was a russia football club based in makhachkala .
17	on 7 june 2007 , tziortziopoulos was released by aek athens and immediately signed with the cypriot club omonia nicosia .
11	his band , avtomaticheskie udovletvoriteli , was a sort of underground club for dozen of local musicians , including kino 's late frontman , viktor tsoi , and tequilajazzz 's yevgeny fyodorov ( ) .
8	knights of wise men lodge is a historic club located on saint helena island near frogmore , beaufort county , south carolina .
29	unlike list pr , stv can be used in elections in organizations without any political parties at all , such as in municipal non-partisan elections , trade union , club , and school .
6	clubs the school offers over 40 club , both student-led and faculty-sponsored .
24	slow ballads and r & b songs can be remixed by techno producers and djs in order to give the song appeal to the club scene and to urban radio .
24	killed in : '' ice cold killa '' jizzy b. is the biggest pimp in san fierro , the owner of the pleasure domes club and a member of the loco syndicate .