26	on the day that the two halves of the bridge were joined , each side of columbus drive was closed for a 12-hour period and a crane was used to install the girders .
0	crane ) is a moshav in central israel .
31	from 9 may to 18 july 1915 , the ship was modified by cunard at liverpool with a permanent , four-aircraft , hangar in the rear superstructure and a pair of crane were mounted at the rear of the hangar to hoist the seaplanes in and out of the water .
17	in 1898 , the company began a transition to using company-built streetcars and machinery ( such as crane and snowplow ) rather than purchasing the cars from other companies .
41	on 14 march 2011 , with construction already underway on the main pylon , the one show broadcast footage of the on-site status of project , and profiled the four-man team putting it together , comprising two steel erector , a crane operator and a site foreman .
3	family : gruidae crane are large , long-legged and long-necked birds .
6	on 20 june 2007 , a crane toppled whilst carrying out works on the bridge , and precariously hung for a number of hours off the side of the barriers .
2	the izumi crane migration grounds cover a 245ha paddy field area of izumi plain in the northwest of kagoshima prefecture known for the about ten-thousand cranes which pass the winter there from every year mid october to march .
10	the site of a large shipyard will contain many specialised crane , dry dock , slipway , dust-free warehouses , painting facilities and extremely large areas for fabrication of the ships .
4	rare migratory stork and crane are also seen wintering in the park ( lesser adjutant , greater adjutant , black-necked stork , asian openbill ) .
6	also , several major factories of crane , car , tractor and a chemical plant were established .
5	two 20-ton ( 18-tonne ) crane were retained and used to hoist the brewery 's serving tanks to their current location .
6	the crash was heard by a crane driver at , who reported the fact to the berthing master .
23	nck later was sold to robert maxwell 's media group as part of a wider deal , but maxwell was not interested in crane and nck became inactive .
10	the genus name is derived from greek geranos , '' crane '' , a reference to the bird-like hind-limb .
8	steppe dwellers include the mongolian lark , demoiselle crane and long tailed siberian souslik .
16	the neck is relatively shorter and thicker than other long-legged wading birds such as heron and crane .
22	an alternative view is that the village is named after the welsh word '' garan '' which means heron , stork or crane .
1	some crane already are remote controlled .
18	sandhill grove contained sandy soil , a large oak stand , and during certain seasons large flocks of crane .