11	producers such as trevor horn ( frankie goes to hollywood , seal , etc. ) , martin hannet ( the stone roses , joy division , etc. ) and arthur baker ( bruce springsteen , bob dylan , kraftwerk , al green ) all visited spirit to record and produce their work .
4	'' her rendition of seal 's '' kiss from a rose '' was nominated for best ac single at the 2006 canadian radio music awards , while her version of etta james ' '' at last '' was featured in the real divas torch light volume 2 compilation .
33	among the artists that have performed here are bob dylan , b.b . king , enrique bunbury , julio iglesias , boz scaggs , merle haggard , george lopez , jamie foxx , seal , something corporate and jaguares .
17	during this time , wolf worked on projects for artists such as mc lyte , prince , seal , new kids on the block , nona gaye , coolio , new edition , sheena easton , laquan and bell biv devoe .
14	'' the album was produced by trevor horn , who has also produced for seal and the english dance-pop band frankie goes to hollywood .
26	schumacher also served as the director for the music videos of two songs appearing in the franchise : '' kiss from a rose '' , by seal , and '' the end is the beginning is the end '' , by the smashing pumpkins ( co-directed with jonathan dayton and valerie faris ) .
35	since the late 1970s , she has worked mainly in the united kingdom and collaborated with various british artists such as gerry rafferty , ray jackson , lindisfarne , george michael , paul young , seal and marc almond .
46	biography midnight has produced and written songs for more than 30 films including rocky iv , the bodyguard , bull durham , lizzie mcguire and ruthless people , as well as for such notable and varied artists as cher , billy joel , joni mitchell , seal , barbra streisand , britney spears , christina aguilera , james brown , chaka khan , joe cocker , the doobie brothers , '' weird al '' yankovic , jamey johnson , george thorogood , john waite , hilary duff , dan hartman and paul young .
27	style critics have compared klose to a range of modern day and old school artists including paul mccartney , kevin gilbert , xtc , elliott smith , seal , paul simon , nick drake , eric matthews , sting , jacques brel , kurt weill , francis dunnery , and a less risque serge gainsbourg .
8	'' the beginning '' is a song by seal .
40	founded in october 1989 by joseph pigato , the group won the 1997 icca competition and notable performances include the 1996 olympic games , the white house , with 10-time grammy award winner bobby mcferrin in 2005 , and with seal in 2009 .
7	hits is a 2009 compilation album by seal , released by warner bros. records .
20	other artists he has produced include john howard , paul mccartney , tom jones , cher , grace jones , seal , propaganda , tina turner , lisa stansfield , pet shop boys , simple minds , eros ramazzotti , mike oldfield , marc almond , charlotte church , t.a.t.u. , leann rimes , genesis and belle & sebastian .
7	abraham has also worked with artists like seal , saint etienne and madonna .
33	come vivrei is an enchanting italian adaption of trisha yearwood 's grammy award winning song , how do i live , whereas other classics included are the poetic kiss from a rose by seal , and crying by roy orbison , both reworked into baritone adaptions from their original versions .
19	the first series premiered on the nine network on 15 april 2012 featuring delta goodrem , joel madden , seal and keith urban as the coaches .
20	'' and t-pain 's '' i 'm in love with a stripper '' as well as prominent artists such as seal , johnny cash and more earning him awards and accolades as prestigious as both , international and american , 2004 remix artist of the year .
3	i. am , seal , bono , mary j. blige , and faith hill , with david foster appearing on piano .
6	'' dreaming in metaphors '' by seal .
9	in march 2013 it was announced as mentor to seal 's artists for the 2013 australian season of tv talent quest , the voice .
23	since then , ruslan has been touring , performing and recording with major artists ( in addition to clarke ) , such as seal , josh groban , al jarreau , ne-yo , chick corea , eric benét , marcus miller , dennis chambers , rachelle ferrell , diane warren , los angeles philharmonic and countless others .
14	british artists received awards recognition overseas , with the ting tings , adele , seal , imogen heap , pet shop boys and coldplay nominated at the 52nd grammy awards .
23	since moving to london , allen has shared the stage with artists such as emmylou harris , mark knopfler , kt tunstall , seal and josé gonzález .
26	the album , executive produced by legend , kanye west and dave tozer , features guest appearance from kimbra , rick ross , stacy barthe and seal .
0	seal performed a live version of this song at the freddie mercury tribute concert in 1992 , noting that the song made him cry when he first heard it .
29	it was swiftly followed by two further top ten hits for jakatta with '' ever so lonely '' ( featuring monsoon ) ( uk # 8 ) and the seal collaboration '' my vision '' ( uk # 6 ) .
24	starr has performed as keyboardist alongside such artists as mariah carey , whitney houston , stevie wonder , carole king , carlos santana , seal , b.b . king , ray charles , madonna , celine dion , al green and many others .
61	throughout the series , music is featured from artists including : bell biv devoe , the doors , biz markie , enigma , joe esposito , stacy q , rick astley , extreme , heart , ray parker , jr . , yello , rick derringer , bruce springsteen , soul asylum , bon jovi , whitesnake , steve winwood , seal , kate bush , deee-lite , styx , boyz ii men , alphaville , berlin , thin lizzy , the go-go 's , wolfgang amadeus mozart , and franz schubert .
17	and funeral for a friend , as well as pop artists prince , madonna , björk , seal , annie lennox and pet shop boys .
36	the contributing artists on the cd are : bono and the edge , eddie vedder , paul simon and edie brickell , faith hill , sade , lauryn hill , rita wilson , diana krall , seal , dave matthews band , sting , alanis morissette , edward sharpe and the magnetic zeros , david bowie , cedella marley , beck , rufus wainwright , patti smith , and coldplay .
5	it is often made from seal , or from whale , reindeer , or sea-birds .
10	marine mammals : include whale , dolphin , porpoise , seal , sea lion , walrus , sea otter , marine otter , manatee , dugong and the polar bear .
32	john patten , the master of an english merchant ship , and part of his crew lived on tristan from august 1790 to april 1791 , during which time they captured 3600 seal .
4	azarashi chap - a seal .
20	archaeological excavations conducted over a period of years in the latter 1900s have revealed evidence of bear , marten , seal and porpoise , but also elucidate mesolithic hunting and gathering technologies through discovery of bone spear , elk antler harpoon and flint .
8	the army 's formation insignia was a trained seal balancing on its nose a terrestrial globe showing the eastern hemisphere , black on a white background .
16	popular examples are coral , sponge , fish , sting ray , mollusc , cetacea , seal , shark and crustacean .
4	some , for example seal and otter , move through more than one type of medium .
21	for example , shuvalov obtained for himself an exclusive right to export lumber , lard , blubber oil and monopolized the seal trade .
6	she changes her grandson into a seal and has him swim out to sea .
29	in this cold climate plant life is mainly limited to grasses , moss and lichen , while the main animals are insects along with large populations of seabird , seal and penguin .
30	the current crackers are bear , bison , camel , cougar , elephant , giraffe , gorilla , hippopotamus , hyena , kangaroo , lion , monkey , rhinoceros , seal , sheep , tiger , and zebra .
14	it concerned the mythical creature called the selkie ( in this case , a seal - woman ) .
29	sources common animal sources for fur clothing and fur trimmed accessories include fox , rabbit , mink , beaver , stoat ( ermine ) , otter , sable , seal , cat , dog , coyote , chinchilla , and possum .
27	sharks and rays tiger shark and albatross ( winner : albatross ) torpedo ray and reef fish ( winner : torpedo ray ) great white shark and seal ( winner : great white shark ) 4 .
6	paleobiology cryptoclidus oxoniensis due to their seal - like body plan , small plesiosaurs such as cryptoclidus have been depicted as amphibious animals instead of fully marine reptiles .
8	toppies come in two varieties : the blue seal featured in the japanese famicom ice climber release , and the short yeti seen in western versions and vs. ice climber .
5	the sea elephants use their seal allies to launch exploding squid at their enemies .
8	it is exhibited strongly in aquatic mammal ( seal , otter , dolphin , etc. ) , but exists in weaker versions in other mammals , including human , including babies up to 6 months old ( see infant swimming ) .
24	paleobiology fossil remains of many other animals -- including baleen whale , beaked whale , dolphin , porpoise , shark , sea turtle , seal and sea bird -- have been found at the same site where the remains of l. melvillei have been excavated .
13	these include canine distemper virus ( dog ) , phocine distemper virus ( seal ) , cetacean morbillivirus ( dolphin and porpoise ) newcastle disease virus ( birds ) and rinderpest virus ( cattle ) .
8	wildlife attractions include local birds , penguin , seal , and orcas , many of these species colonizing islands in the beagle channel .
38	annabelle was one of the first animals when the zoo was founded as the alaska children 's zoo in 1969 , along with several orphaned and injured animals in need of homes , including a black bear , seal , arctic fox , and petting zoo goat .
12	captain ahab scoffs at this , saying they have merely passed a seal colony in the night .
44	work recht 's work is considered to be innovative in its use of indigenous , new and unconventional materials and technologies though also seen by many to be controversial due to the use of materials such as minke whale foreskin , spider silk , seal and human skin .
5	it is home to a seal colony and has never supported a human population .
8	it was previously a popular location for hunting seal .
11	these first kayaks were constructed from stitched animal skins such as seal stretched over a wooden frame made from collected driftwood , as many of the areas of their construction were treeless .
14	fauna the area is frequented by bowhead whale , narwhal , polar bear , seal , walrus , and white whale .
35	the headland was charted and named in 1911 by the northern party , led by victor campbell , of the british antarctic expedition , 1910–13 , and named because of the great number of young seal , known as calves , distributed nearby this headland .
21	unlike most of the the eagle of the ninth series , it does not follow either the inheritor of the dolphin seal ring or the person who will eventually marry said inheritor ; although the current inheritor , the son of the protagonist of the lantern bearers , is a minor character in the book , the action follows the character of artos ( arthur ) as established in the lantern bearers .
18	in such cases , an architect or engineer may provide certification including the professional 's signature and applied seal .
14	there were no signatures on the original document , however , only a single seal placed by the king .
18	the importance of the galley to the sea-kings of the crovan dynasty is illustrated in its implementation upon seal that certain members are known to have used .
8	it survives with tags which once attached a seal , now lost .
0	seal of the faculty of arts from the second half of the 17th century following the hussite wars , the faculty of liberal arts became the nucleus of the university for two centuries .
3	history first known seal of 1241 ( replica ) the oldest coat of arms of hamburg has been retained on a city seals int the 12th and 13th century .
40	he is found at ayr on 23 october 1269 , confirming the rights of paisley abbey to some churches in the bishopric of argyll ; and is found at paisley on 6 may -- 9 july 1270 , attaching his seal to two charters granted by a landowner from cowal to the abbey .
24	he could at the same time have succeeded the painter sebastiano del piombo in his lucrative office as holder of the piombo or papal seal , and he was prepared to take holy orders for the purpose ; but the project lapsed through his being summoned away from venice in 1547 to paint charles v and others in augsburg .
8	city logo the st. catharines logo ( or seal ) performs much the same function as a coat of arms .
27	on a 1960 united states tour as the house of representatives speaker , jaja wachuku was honored and presented with the city of philadelphia , pennsylvania blue seal and key to the city of atlanta , georgia .
17	he is known from a small ( 15.9 x16 .9 mm ) black clay bulla bearing his seal impression .
6	this was inspired by the medieval seal of eric of pomerania in which the three lions jointy hold the danish flag .
6	design the flag has the city seal emblazoned on quartered background , with each section representing a country that once controlled detroit .
33	the three logos include the nasa insignia ( also known as the '' vector '' ) , the nasa logotype ( also known as the '' worm '' ) , and the nasa seal .
27	unicorn seals of the indus valley civilization the first objects unearthed from harappa and mohenjo-daro , major sites of the indus valley civilization , were small stone seal inscribed with elegant depictions of animals , including a unicorn-like figure , and marked with indus script writing which still baffles scholars .
24	horn learned that a secret alliance had been made between the people of jämtland and the norwegians , ratified with the local communities ' seal .
5	possible changes in design the seal of john moidartach ( from 1572 ) .
10	the clerk also was the custodian of the court 's seal , which is used to authenticate copies of the court 's order , judgments and other records .
6	this would become the de facto seal of unovis and took the place of individual names or initials .
24	it seems to have had personal details ( acting to identify a body the same way a modern dog tag does ) with a seal or stamp to authenticate it .
13	in a symbolic vote , all present approved , and puyi stamped his seal to enact the law , ending the manchukuo government after 13 years and five months .
13	seal-top spoon silver , end of handle in the form of a circular seal ; popular in england in the later 16th and 17th centuries spork , sporf , spife , splayd etc. differing combinations of a spoon with a fork or knife stroon - a straw with a spoon on the end for eating slush puppies etc. cooking and serving utensils spoons primarily used in food preparation , handling or serving , in the kitchen or at the table .
7	another is example is a late 14th-century seal of sir william le scrope , lord of mann , in which the manx triskelion is depicted in plate armour , rather than mail .
17	the mail ( i.e. its postage stamp ) was cancelled by a standard circular bulgarian handstamping cancellation seal ( metal issue ) with an inscription '' poste bulgare antarktika tangra 1091 '' on its periphery and date/hour counter in the center .
2	ba'alis 's seal ( shown on the cover of the issue of biblical archaeology review , where this article was first published ) is made of brown agate with white bands and is in fact quite tiny ( 0.5 inches in diameter and 0.2 inches thick ) .
2	alexander 's seal , which names him '' s'alexandri de isle '' , contains a lymphad with two men therein .
7	in 1274 thunstetten was granted its own seal .
2	sumerian cylinder seal also depict houses built from reeds not unlike those built by the marsh arabs of southern iraq until as recently as 400 ad .
9	important devices attached to royal charters were double-sided waxen seal , used to authentic such instruments .
18	he had been sealed near the great pyramids of giza until freed by the breaking of the combined seal in japan .
9	dry gas seals are non-contacting , dry-running mechanical face seal consist of a mating ( rotating ) ring and a primary ( stationary ) ring .
20	a portion of the area of the disc is used for intake and compression , a portion is used to seal against a center casing , and the remaining portion is used for expansion and exhaust .
11	the skf group currently consists of approximately 150 companies including the seal manufacturer chicago rawhide .
10	the purpose of the barrel is to provide a consistent seal , allowing the bullet to accelerate to a consistent velocity .
6	the tight fit of the mask seal around the face and the retention strips wrapping around the back of the head were uncomfortable in long sessions .
7	a rubber gasket makes for a tight seal against the wire .
23	one of the primary values of spray-foam insulation is its ability to create an airtight ( and in some cases , watertight ) seal directly against the substrate to reduce the undesirable effects of air leakage .
38	construction scuba diver with bifocal lenses in mask diving masks may have a single , durable , tempered glass plate in front of the eye and a '' skirt '' of rubber or silicone to create a watertight seal with the diver 's face .
6	most are covered by a or seal on the outside for weatherproofing .
2	not all seal are preserved .
59	typical o-ring and application an o-ring , also known as a packing , or a toric joint , is a mechanical gasket in the shape of a torus ; it is a loop of elastomer with a round cross-section , designed to be seated in a groove and compressed during assembly between two or more parts , creating a seal at the interface .
1	a seal allows part of the spool to protrude outside the housing , where it is accessible to the actuator .
15	the engineers had developed a good background in the metallurgy of housing , high speed seal , radial inflow turbines , and centrifugal compressor .
24	as of 2008 , the following sections remain fully in force : secure fencing and handrails for teagle openings and doorways ; water - seal gasholder .
13	generally speaking , standard ball joints will outlive sealed ones because eventually the seal will break , causing the joint to dry out and rust .
8	it is thus a device that provides a seal between a stationary supply passage ( such as pipe or tubing ) and a rotating part ( such as a drum , cylinder , or spindle ) to permit the flow of a fluid into and/or out of the rotating part .
16	for example , oils , and grease , and rubber , or plastic gasket used as seal for the vacuum chamber must not boil off when exposed to the vacuum , or the gases they produce would prevent the creation of the desired degree of vacuum .
23	however , the dyes in these cells also suffer from degradation under heat and uv light and the cell casing is difficult to seal due to the solvents used in assembly .
28	lid of a tic tac mint case a lid , also known as a cap , is part of a container , and serves as the cover or seal , usually one that completely closes the object .
12	applications one major engineering application is oil drilling components , such as seal , compressor rings , valve parts , gear , bearing , and wire coatings .
13	limitations the primary difficulty in underwater camera usage is , of course , seal the camera from water at high pressure , while maintaining the ability to operate it .
38	impact on energy consumption air curtains can be used to save energy by reducing the heat transfer ( via mass transfer when air mixes across the threshold ) between two spaces , although a closed and well - seal physical door is much more effective .
22	) where a portion of the exterior housing has been removed to reveal the internal components , ( piston , bearing , seal , etc. .
13	airman applying caulk to baseboard caulking is one of several different processes to seal joints or seams in various structures and some types of piping .
10	uses an epdm rubber roof epdm rubber is used in seal ( for example , it is used in cold-room doors since it is an insulator , as well as in the face seals of industrial respirators in automotive paint spray environments , where silicone must be avoided ) .
41	overloading a converter can result in several failure modes , some of them potentially dangerous in nature : overheating : continuous high levels of slippage may overwhelm the converter 's ability to dissipate heat , resulting in damage to the elastomer seal that retain fluid inside the converter .
20	a jug with a cork bung a bung , stopper or cork is a truncated cylindrical or conical closure to seal a container , such as a bottle , tube or barrel .
19	at the same time a hurried population of consumer wanted a fast and easy way to open and effectively seal food bags -- originally bread hence the name .
13	some bearing assemblies require routine addition of lubricants , while others are factory seal , requiring no further maintenance for the life of the mechanical assembly .