2	the armor deck was 1.5 inches thick on the flat and thick where it sloped down to meet the belt .
33	hosted by paul lafrance , a contractor who owns cutting edge construction and design in pickering , ontario , each episode depicts lafrance and his team designing and building a unique and dramatic deck for a client .
9	her armor consisted of belt and bulkhead thick , deck armor thick , and her conning tower and gun turrets were thick .
10	this consisted of a full-length waterline armoured belt with armored deck above and below .
0	deck - the top surface of the hull keeps water and weather out of the hull and allows the crew to operate the boat more easily .
6	modern trawlers modern trawlers are usually deck vessels designed for robustness .
10	the ship 's belt armor was thick , and the deck was thick .
11	a cabin which protrudes above the level of a ship 's deck may be referred to as a '' deckhouse .
8	the underwater tubes were protected underneath the armor deck , forward of the forward 12-inch magazine .
13	the armor of their gun turrets had a maximum thickness of and their deck ranged from in thickness .
1	the deck armor inside the central citadel ranged from 1 to 1.5 inches in thickness .
2	the armored deck rested on the top of the waterline belt .
22	binnacle with iron correcting spheres at each side and clinometer below compass a binnacle is a waist-high case or stand on the deck of a ship , generally mounted in front of the helmsman , in which navigational instruments are placed for easy and quick reference as well as to protect the delicate instruments .
9	her armor consisted of belt and bulkhead thick , deck armor thick , and her conning tower had thick armor .
3	the ship 's deck was only 25 mm thick over the machinery spaces and thick over the magazines and avgas storage tanks .
14	on the evening of 14 april , in the wireless room on the boat deck , phillips was sending messages to cape race , newfoundland , working to clear a backlog of passengers ' personal messages that had accumulated when the wireless had broken down the day before .
4	as designed the high-tensile-steel deck ranged from in thickness .
6	each room has its own private deck and fireplace .
2	her protective deck ranged from in thickness and the ship had a conning tower with walls thick .
25	the voyage ' s station is themed as a 17th-century ship , with the basement being the cargo hold , the second level being the deck , and the ride operator 's controls being the '' captain 's quarters '' .
4	thomas jefferson has of deck working space .
14	foot controlled trolling motors require a specialized mounting bracket that bolts horizontally to the deck .
22	the belt consisted of two strake of armor , high , that covered the sides of the hull up to the main deck and extended below the normal waterline .
5	lower manhattan skyline from the deck of the ferry , 2010 in 1817 the richmond turnpike company began to run the first motorized ferry between new york and staten island , the steam-powered nautilus .
28	a traveller on a smaller craft ( such as the popular single-handed '' laser '' sailboat ) might simply be a line attached to two points on the deck , along which another block runs .
8	the training vessel were equipped with an additional deck including the accommodation for the cadet , a class room and a maritime library .
14	as of february 2003 , governor r. m. mclane , her deckhouse gone but deck still visible , rested partially submerged on the harbor bottom next to the pier of the downtown sailing center on the grounds of the baltimore museum of industry at baltimore , maryland .
6	a flared hull typically has a deck area larger than its cross-sectional area at the waterline .
2	the upper deck was thick in two layers .
20	it is considered a sister series to decked out , and like decked out , stars paul lafrance and his deck building crew .
5	the flat portion of the deck armor was thick and four inches thick where it sloped down to the bottom of the armor belt .
14	kline , crawling through a small overhead hatch and worming his way along the deck under a hail of shells and machine-gun fire , opened a large hatch and assisted 42 men to safety .
3	komintern s armored deck and her casemates were thick .
20	approximately 33 meters long and 7 wide , this yacht has been designed with two alternative versions for the main deck and can carry 20 people , crew included .
10	the casemates protecting the secondary armament were thick and the deck armor was in thickness .
37	this battleship would have had a length of and a beam , two quad / 55 turrets forward , three quad dual purpose ( dp ) turrets aft , a top speed , belt armor , and deck armor .
1	the deck armor would have had a total thickness of .
23	construction and commissioning sand lance under construction at portsmouth naval shipyard at kittery , maine , with temporary safety railings rigged around her deck .
4	the ship 's armored deck was thick .
15	modern military in modern amphibious warfare usage , a well dock , is a hangar-like deck located at the waterline in the stern of some amphibious warfare ship .
32	they were also adapted to the increasing maritime trade : from 200 tons capacity in the 15th century to 500 , they become impressive in the 16th century , having usually two deck , stern castles fore and aft , two to four masts with overlapping sails .
21	description it is an , bronze statue of a fisherman dressed in oilskins standing braced at the wheel on the sloping deck of his ship .
12	dimensions of a hull the sheer is a measure of longitudinal main deck curvature , in naval architecture .
4	she has a helicopter deck served by a stores lift and is capable of conducting helicopter replenishment .
7	fingal was cut down to her main deck and large wooden sponson were built out from the sides of her hull to support her casemate .
24	the u-boat absorbed the full impact of at least two direct hits ; two depth charges straddled the submarine and two others struck her deck .
11	it is used in the manufacture of outdoor furniture , boat deck , and other articles where weather resistance is desired .
32	sleeping porch in the main house of the eleanor roosevelt national historic site the restored sleeping porch of heublein tower in talcott mountain state park , connecticut a sleeping porch is a deck or balcony that is screened and furnished for sleeping in the warmer months .
1	the deck armor was thick and the conning tower was protected by 6 to 10 inches of armor .
23	oakum is a preparation of tar fiber used in shipbuilding for caulking or packing the joints of timbers in wooden vessels and the deck planking of iron and steel ships , as well as cast iron pipe plumbing applications .
3	the enclosed walkway deck was constructed of laminated veneer lumber and steel bar trusses .
11	during the voyage , from the wireless room on the boat deck , bride and phillips sent out passengers ' personal messages and received iceberg warnings from other ships .
4	description right elevation , deck plan , and hull section as depicted in brassey s naval annual of 1896 .
4	protection apollo s armored deck ranged from in thickness and her conning tower was thick .
1	the deck armor was thick and the conning tower was protected by six inches of armor .
17	military career brinkmann joined the german navy as an enlisted member in 1976 , serving on the deck crew of ships in the 7th fast attack squadron ( 7 .
22	while serving aboard the during the joint expedition against franklin , barton extinguished an ignited howitzer shell which had fallen onto the deck .
5	the khasan possessed an armored deck was 40 mm thickness amidships and 25 mm of protection at the fore and aft .
7	the barbettes were unarmored , but the deck was thick .
40	hms scott ( j79 ) was a ( officially , '' fleet minesweeping sloop '' ) of the british royal navy completed as an unarmed survey ship with an enlarged bridge and a large chart room abaft the extended forecastle deck .
39	development of the quick-firing gun meant that an upper belt of armor was necessary and the weight required was gained by shortening the waterline armor belt , which left the ships ' ends protected only by the sloping armor deck .
26	internally , the term was coined by then-wizkids communications director jason mical to describe the game where players assemble ships from hull , masts , and deck pieces punched out of from credit card - like plastic ( polystyrene ) .
23	naval architecture inside of a cofferdam on a vessel a cofferdam may also refer to an insulating space between two watertight bulkhead or deck within a ship .
17	these , however , were spigot - launched , placing considerable strain on the launching vessel 's deck , whereas mousetrap was rocket-propelled .
35	underway again on 1 november 1918 bound for france , berwyn encountered much heavy weather along the way , shipping heavy seas over the after part of the ship that resulted in some of the deck cargo being jostled adrift by the action of the waves .
27	they came in small versions as fishing canoes - anak bedar ( malay to english : child ) and were built as big as 90 feet over deck ( lod ) .
7	this belt extended down from the lower deck .
14	the cylindrical turrets were protected by eight layers of wrought iron plates above the deck .
8	on a court design flat-bottomed , without a deck , are collected from boards .
26	the saintoise ( ; antillean creole : sentwaz ) or canot saintois ( literally : dinghy from les saintes ) is a fishing boat without a deck , traditionally maneuverable with the sail or the ream .
4	the greatest thickness of deck armor was .
14	the armor of her main gun turrets had a maximum thickness of and her deck ranged from in thickness .
5	her upper side had a deck wide and a hatch with three glazed portholes in diameter and thick glass blocks .
10	additionally , the stage was set up to resemble the deck of a ship .
33	at 19 : 43 , about 11 minutes after the initial radar contact , turner s lookouts made visual contact with what proved to be a german submarine running on the surface , deck awash , at about distance .
1	the deck armor was to be thick and an additional steam engine would be necessary to rotate the turrets and run the ventilation fans .
26	the main controls cabin : with a semicircular head on via della ghiacciaia , with porthole window on the inner side and the third floor the deck with a full-length windows , as a control tower for the rails .
48	general specifications hull : steel hull , aluminum superstructure fuel : water : designer : espen oeino interior designer : marco zanini stylist : espen oeino features elevator serving all four decks leisure platform with jacuzzi a gym located centrally under the mast helipad on the upper aft deck servicing a helicopter painted in colors matching the yacht .
18	making a fibreglass hull from a private or impulse association mould and adding plywood and/or fibreglass bulkheads and deck .
10	products the main product areas for kongsberg maritime are : deck systems includes complete seismic back-deck systems , seismic cable control , marine and offshore cranes and helideck monitoring .
18	the harvey armor belt of the gueydon - class cruisers extended from below the waterline to the main deck .
15	while carrier aircraft had previously lacked a bomb capable of penetrating a battleship 's thick deck armor , it was hoped that the recently developed armour-piercing bomb would be able to pierce at least the first layer of tirpitz s armor if they were dropped from an altitude of or higher .
3	the flat protective deck was positioned at the upper edge of the belt on both ships and was thick and consisted of two layers of mild steel .
14	her shape is that of an efficient cargo carrier , and her rigging and deck arrangement are likewise authentic .
51	there are two varieties of the weighted rudder , in the first of which the weight , usually lead , is fixed to the edge of the rudder , while in the second the weight , usually a ball of lead , is made to run on the tiller above the deck , so that it can be placed further forward or aft , according to the force needed to overcome the influence of the wind .
32	many buildings with flat roof have hatches that provide access to the roof ; on ship , hatches -- usually not flush , and never called trapdoors -- provide access to the deck .
9	her armor consisted of belt and bulkhead thick , deck armor thick , and her conning tower , gun turrets and cupolas were thick .
2	the armored deck was outside the citadel and 2 inches thick inside it .
2	the armor deck was flat and located at the upper edge of the main belt .
66	due to an urgent need for craft such as cossack at brest , france , an order dated 14 october 1918 went out from washington , d.c . , to boston , directing the commandant of the 1st naval district to ready six section patrol boats -- (sp-1425) , cossack , (sp-1795) , (sp-2365) , (sp-1284) , and sp-729 -- to be shipped to france as deck cargo along with spare parts to keep them operational .
18	like a center console boat , it is mostly used for fishing and has a full length primary deck or cockpit but also has a small cabin ( cuddy ) for berths and a head in the center of the boat in front of the console .
37	princes wharf also contains the largest apartment of new zealand , a luxury residence built for one of the wharf 's developers with 1,061 m ² of internal floor space and decks of 416 m ² of deck space .
12	reliance in drydock to save weight , she was completely unfinished below deck , with exposed frames .
54	she is very brave and feels that she should be part of the action , a fact that is evident in the third revolution book , the continental risque , when the charlemagne is fighting a british man-o-war , and isaac asks her to go below to protect her , and she stays on deck and shoots at the british sailors with a pistol instead .
6	stefani is first shown below the deck of a pirate ship , dancing on a table and singing to the song .
12	the upper strake of armor was thick and extended to the upper deck .
29	on a ship , the function of a porthole , when open , is to permit light and fresh air to enter the dark and often damp below - deck quarters of the vessel .
67	svg signal flag x ( xray ) '' stop carrying out your intentions and watch for my signals '' normally , the pilot joins an incoming ship prior to the ship 's entry into the shallow water at the designated '' pilot boarding area '' via helicopter or pilot boat and climbs a pilot ladder sometimes up to 40 feet ( ~ 12 metres ) to the deck of the largest container and tanker ships .
3	the ship 's deck was protected by iron plates one inch thick .
24	in addition sliding glass doors are commonly used in some regions as doors between the interior rooms of a home and a courtyard , deck , balcony , patio , and a garden , backyard , barbecue or swimming pool area .
0	deck -- floor or surface of the earth ; to punch or knock down with one blow .
2	the armor deck was thick ; over the central battery it was a single plate , but elsewhere it consisted of a plate over two plates .
6	the awning framework of all sunsetter deck and patio models mount directly onto the home using wall or soffit brackets and can be installed on every kind of siding .
12	the most widespread use of wpcs in north america is in outdoor deck floors , but it is also used for railings , fences , landscaping timbers , cladding and siding , park bench , molding and trim , window and door frames , and indoor furniture .
13	they were well-streamlined , having no external ballast tanks , casing , or deck gun , and a streamlined spindle - shaped hull of circular cross-section ( not reproduced until the -class ) which tapered sharply towards the stern and allowed only for a single screw .
13	built of traditional plank-on-frame wooden construction , the sloop is in length on deck , in beam and can hold up to 70 tons of cargo .
11	these were located in a broadside pattern over a two - deck battery amidships -- this was the area of the ship least affected by its motion , and made for a very stable gun platform .
21	in june , mr. fuji , yokozuna 's manager , challenged all american athletes to attempt to bodyslam yokozuna on the deck of the uss intrepid .
20	these are secured at the lower end to the keel or center keelson and at the upper ends to the deck beams .
5	the flat portion of the deck armor was thick and thick where it sloped down to the sides of the ship .
2	budapest s deck armor was thick .
12	on the same boat , a foresail tack is clipped to the deck and forestay .
9	both parts of the vessel are hinged at the deck and operated by hydraulic cylinders .
3	the mass and deck space required to carry a large number of cannon made oar-based propulsion impossible and ships came to rely primarily on sail .
14	floodability is reduced by dividing the volume of the hull into watertight compartments with deck and bulkhead ( which also increase the strength of ships ) , use of double bottom , and by other means .
18	retvizan had a complete double bottom that extended up the side to the lower edge of the armor deck .
7	the barbettes were unarmored , but the deck was protected by of armor .
1	the deck was heavily cambered to allow headroom for the crew on such a shallow draft and it consisted of iron plates thick .
1	the deck and turret roof armor proved to be too thin , and the structure supporting the side armor was not strong enough to withstand the shock of impact from heavy shells .
13	renown was the first british battleship to be built with a sloped armored deck behind the main belt as was commonly used on british protected cruiser .
3	the ship 's deck was thick over the machinery spaces and thick over the magazines and avgas storage tanks .
7	layout and facilities within her length on deck and beam she 's divided into three cabins .
6	the term is a generalization of deck as found on ships .
1	the deck was to be above the waterline and protected by of armor .
6	typically , it is a wooden deck near a hiking trail that provides the hikers a clean and even place to sleep .
12	her armor consisted of belt , bulkhead and gun turrets thick , deck armor thick , and her conning tower was thick .
1	the deck had a maximum thickness of over the engine rooms , boilers , and the steering gear .
1	the deck consisted of two layers of plating which increased to three layers above the boilers .
3	the ship 's deck and the roof of the casemate was protected with of wrought iron .
9	in addition , this gun was employed as a deck - mounted anti-aircraft weapon in at least some of the mas torpedo boat .
18	for example , san francisco 's golden gate bridge , completed in 1937 , originally used a concrete deck .
8	the ship was lightly protected by an armor deck that consisted of two layers of plates .
10	her crew had to construct a cofferdam across the main deck to stop the flooding .
7	above this porch is the second-storey gallery deck that extends from the women 's gallery .
3	above the main deck , her armor was to be thick .
4	it also has a deck with benches for easy gatherings and a basketball hoop .
38	she was the last royal navy ironclad to be built which had a propeller that could be hoisted out of the water to reduce drag when she was under sail , and the first to have an armored deck .
27	vernon county served as a floating warehouse wherein 600 ton of ammunition , plus non - ordnance support material , could be stowed in the capacious tank deck area .
18	on a boat or fpso , it is the part of the hull between the waterline and the deck .
5	the modernized carriers with reinforced deck and the very large could also handle the savage .
1	the deck and hull that support the mast need to be specially designed for the installation of an unstayed mast .
1	the deck armor ranged in thickness from .
20	the protected cruiser is a type of naval cruiser of the late 19th century , so known because its armour deck offered protection for vital machine spaces from fragments caused by exploding shells above .
24	stays are ropes , wires , or rods on sailing vessels that run fore-and-aft along the centerline from the masts to the hull , deck , bowsprit , or to other masts which serve to stabilize the masts .
5	it was built on a deck and a lift was provided to move wagons down to warehouses below .
1	the deck planks are of teak wood and must be replaced every three years .
16	during the 1980s and 1990s , the structure housed a playground on the top and '' deck '' level , seafood restaurants , a cinema on other floors above ground levels ; the department store yaohan on ground and basement level , and an indoor family theme park ( ) with an arcade game center and a roller skating rink on lower basement level .
20	they use handheld sony hvr-z5u and hvr-z7u hdv cameras to shoot most of the series ( one on the main deck , one in the wheelhouse ) .
15	a full-length veranda , with shed roof supported by plain wooden pillars and a concrete deck wraps around the eastern ( front ) and north facade .
1	the deck fore and aft of the casemate was also protected by '' t-rails '' .
24	watertender second class tollberg , although fatally scalded by high-temperature steam , painfully climbed up the fire room ladder and emerged on the main deck through a which had been blown open by the detonation .
17	fifteen were mounted on the broadside and two guns were placed in pivot mounts on the upper deck to serve as chase gun .
9	in the video , the band perform on the deck of the ms ocean chie , a handysize bulk carrier .
3	there was one deck , of wood , and a bowsprit .
33	historically , a plankowner in the united states navy and united states coast guard , or his widow , could petition the naval historical center 's curator branch for a piece of the deck when the ship was decommissioned .
12	first , their primary vehicle for space travel was the two - deck , nuclear powered jupiter 2 flying saucer spacecraft .
5	the thickness of the lower deck was .
14	also amidships to port are a large refrigerator and freezer and access to the deck through the galley above .
26	an elevator ( lift in british english ) is a type of vertical transport equipment that efficiently moves people or goods between floors ( levels , deck ) of a building , , or other structure .
6	the khasan class possessed an armored deck was 40 mm thickness amidships and 25 mm of protection at the fore and aft .
15	experienced wreck divers -- more advanced divers can explore the propeller , conning tower and deck areas .
22	amongst the changes made , her bridge was reconstructed and the fore funnel removed , probably to reduce the weight on the deck .
33	in these , his first design , he perpetuated the worst feature of the designs by his predecessor , sir william white , by placing the secondary armament of guns in embrasure a deck below the main armament which meant that the guns were inoperable in anything more than a dead calm sea .
2	the protective deck was thick and ran the full length of the ship .
5	the flat portion of the deck armor was thick and thick amidships where it sloped down to the bottom of the armor belt .
5	the armor plates of the deck and paddle housing were thick .
8	the hip roof was topped with a balustraded deck .
6	it was formed by the armored deck , the waterline belt and the transverse bulkhead .
5	the breadth at the broadest deck , was just over 46 feet and her draft was twenty-six feet at her arrival in dartmouth .
21	design layout as shown in brasseys naval annual 1888 the hull of the naniwa - class cruiser was a typical flush deck with high freeboard to improve seaworthiness .