15	this includes : selling stock , bonds , mutual funds shares and also interest from bank deposits .
25	intermediation involves the '' matching '' of lenders with savings to borrowers who need money by an agent or third party , such as a bank .
4	in this , a bank or lending agency has a collection of accounts of varying value and risk .
1	private bank and governments across the world followed gresham 's law : keeping the gold and silver they received , but paying out in notes .
13	qcr holdings , inc. , through its subsidiaries , provides commercial and consumer bank , and trust and asset management services for the quad city , cedar rapids , and rockford communities .
11	banque de l'habitat 's headquarters banque de l'habitat is a state-controlled bank in tunisia .
28	it was declared insolvent in 1990 , and had 125 branches in new york , california , florida , michigan , and texas , making it the 12th-largest bank in the united states in 1989 .
34	special opportunities fund with the advent of challenges in the property and finance sector , bourne capital established their own special opportunities fund in june 2008 to co-invest ` side by side ' with bank , institutions and joint venture partners .
15	history over the past several decades ( leading up to 2005 ) , organizations ( bank , governments , schools , manufacturers and others ) have increased their reliance more on '' open systems '' and less on '' closed systems '' .
9	he became a legal advisor for a state owned bank .
24	later goi disinvested 16.92 % of the paid up capital in favor of unit trust of india , mutual fund , insurance companies and bank on 19 may 1992 , thereby reducing its holding to 67.7 % .
1	uk bank do not traditionally play an important role as institutional investors , as they do for instance in germany .
23	history this institution , the founding entities of which were caja de burgos , cajacanarias and caja navarra , was incorporated as a bank by means of notarial instrument issued on 9 june 2010 .
1	commercial bank , credit non-bank organizations , leasing companies often act as a lessor .
7	history josiah l. maxey , a gardiner bank who had recently financed construction of the kennebec central railroad , obtained legislative approval for consolidation of the sandy river railroad and rangeley railroad ( p & r ) on 10 march 1891 .
32	headquarters of eurohypo in eschborn building of the former preußische central-bodenkredit-ag , unter den linden 26 , in berlin-mitte hypothekenbank frankfurt ag , previously eurohypo ag , is a european real estate bank based in eschborn , frankfurt .
28	while the country shifted toward a more market-oriented economy , the vietnamese government still continues to hold a tight rein over major state sectors , such as the bank system , state-owned enterprises and foreign trade .
11	registration and payment registration can be made for payment through local bank or the hongkong post .
22	such a trader first '' borrows '' shares of that stock from their owner ( the lender ) , typically via a bank or a prime broker under the condition that he will return it on demand .
15	sir derek wanless ( 29 september 1947 22 may 2012 ) was a former english bank and a former adviser to the labor party .
6	this is a list of commercial bank in mauritius .
26	in layman 's terms , this is when the seller in a transaction offers the buyer a loan rather than the buyer obtaining one from a bank .
17	with tensions mounting between bangui and paris as a result of bokassa 's uncontrollable expenditures , western bank refused to lend him any more money .
24	life after football / death after retiring , ciriaco continued living in eibar , and worked for several years in the banco guipuzcoano ( bank of gipuzkoa ) .
14	in a separate development , venetian merchants started using paper bills , instructing their bank to make payments .
4	lenders , such as bank and credit card companies , use credit scores to evaluate the potential risk posed by lending money to consumers and to mitigate losses due to bad debt .
51	it now houses student and faculty dining facilities , food courts , deans' offices , the military science ( rotc ) department , the women 's center , the center for academic success , office of multicultural affairs , the rainbow room ( lgbt qia programs and outreach ) , a bank office , and conference facilities .
48	second term in the assembly he was elected again in 1864 as a national union candidate , to a district which now encompassed clark and jackson counties , succeeding calvin r. johnson ( also a national union candidate ) , and was assigned to the standing committee on bank and banking , and on school and university lands .
8	as of december 2009 , there is no bank on the ugandan side of the border .
26	anemone canadensis ( canada anemone , round-headed anemone , meadow anemone , crowfoot ) is a herbaceous perennial native to moist meadow , thicket , stream bank , and lake shore in north america , spreading rapidly by underground rhizome , valued for its white flower .
24	headquartered in rowland heights , california , with branch offices in arcadia , irvine , and san gabriel , california , this privately held bank was first established on october 13 , 2005 .
35	quill pens were standard in europe and the united states up through the 18th and 19th centuries , and are still used in various contexts , such as calligraphy and formal settings such as major bank transactions .
28	already in 1895 , 75 % of the national manufacturing industry was in the capital and only 28 % in the harbor , and by 1910 , major bank and shops were set up in the streets of the city center , leaving valparaiso .
42	castleton has a local school , church , chapel and two public house , the downe arms and the eskdale , as well as a small co-op supermarket , two village shop , post office , petrol station , tea room , bank , hair salon , public toilets and an art gallery .
5	faced with resistance from many bank which insisted that families vacate their homes in order to have their short sales approved , ahp changed their strategy in early 2011 .
10	banque internationale du bénin ( b.i.b.e. ) is a national bank of benin .
16	a gift card is a restricted monetary equivalent or scrip that is issued by retailer or bank to be used as an alternative to a non-monetary gift .
15	loan officers , also referred to as '' mortgage loan originators '' , work for bank and other financial institutions with the main objective to recommend individual and business loan applications for approval .
0	bank after the independence , banking industry in bangladesh started its journey with 6 nationalized commercialized banks , 2 state owned specialized banks and 3 foreign banks .
8	their goal is to reduce damages that the bank are causing to the public by legislation .
19	the village , also called brekkebygda , has a school , shop , gas station , post office , bank , sports fields , and brekken church .
39	there can also be non-political governors : high-ranking officials in private or similar governance such as commercial and non-profit management , styled governor ( s ) , who simply govern an institution , such as a corporation or a bank .
8	the wells fargo building is an office / bank building in englewood , colorado .
5	financial and industrial relations german bank have a much larger role in shaping the industrial sector than those in other western countries .
27	in 2003 , the government canceled a law that criminalized private sector use of foreign currencies , and in 2005 it issued legislation that allowed licensed private bank to sell specific amounts of foreign currency to syrian citizens under certain circumstances and to the private sector to finance imports .
15	it includes business , the former south omaha city hall , a correctional facility , bank , a post office , profession office , and specialty stores .
8	this building was for years the headquarters of bank , unibanco it was transferred to another building in the avenida marginal pinheiros at the bridge eusébio matoso in pine neighborhood of pine which is installed today .
5	pinnacle financial partners is a bank headquartered in nashville , tennessee operating in middle and east tennessee .
8	architect : henning larsen unibank was a danish bank , formed in 1990 by merging andelsbanken , sparekassen sds and privatbanken .
12	some of these include three restaurants , a grocery store , a bank , a hardware store , a garage , an ice cream stand , a bar , and a doctor 's office .
9	the other-indemnity segment provides professional liability insurance to community bank , principally directors , and officers liability insurance .
6	ever since the glass–steagall act , bank and insurance businesses had been kept separate .
12	he was the chairman of the board of directors of planter 's bank and trust company .
1	the bank is also a major participant in the securities market and the foreign currency market in kazakhstan .
2	terminal processing bank or agents connected to terminal processing of leader system can accept payments for various providers .
9	these sectors include automotive , aviation & aerospace , bank & financial services , communication , energy & utilities , food & drink , information technology , life sciences , media and sport .
21	in some countries , like switzerland and liechtenstein , bullion bars can be bought or sold over the counter at major bank .
12	( 9 october 1833 - 25 september 1903 ) was a german bank and industrialist .
18	united kingdom banking law refers to banking law in the united kingdom , to control the activities of bank .
21	also , lack of funds increases development risks and decreases the likelihood of attracting capital investors or securing loans from private bank .
1	the bank is the leading mortgage lender in the country , with approximately 60 % of all ugandan mortgage accounts .
23	real time gross settlement systems ( rtgs ) are specialist funds transfer systems where transfer of money or securities takes place from one bank to another on a '' real time '' and on '' gross '' basis .
20	construction causewayed enclosures are often located on hilltop sites , encircled by one to four concentric ditch with an internal bank .
29	the financial district of a city is the specific area of either a larger cbd or downtown or separate zone and would typically house a stock exchange or several bank headquarters .
10	after graduation , he joined the staff of interstate national bank in kansas city but soon returned to the south plains in 1948 to work at the pitchfork .
21	if savings are stashed in or under a mattress , or otherwise not deposited into a financial intermediary such as a bank , there is no chance for those savings to be recycled as investment by business .
12	during the black hills expedition , several wagons became stuck at a bank .
19	headquartered in san francisco , with branch offices in california , honolulu , and xiamen , this privately held bank is one of few asian american banks in the united states that has successfully expanded beyond their original communities .
4	he is a former bank director and hospital board member .
22	since there were many types of confederate notes as well as notes issued by the states of the confederacy , and since bank could issue their own notes , counterfeit was a major problem for the confederacy .
28	the united states senate committee on banking , housing , and urban affairs ( formerly the committee on banking and currency ) has jurisdiction over matters related to bank and banking , price controls , deposit insurance , export promotion and controls , federal monetary policy , financial aid to commerce and industry , issuance of redemption of notes , currency and coinage , public and private housing , urban development and mass transit , and government contracts .
15	automated cash handling is the process of dispensing , counting and tracking cash in a bank , retail , check cashing , payday loan / advance , casino or other business environment through specially designed hardware and software for the purposes of loss prevention , theft deterrence and reducing management time for oversight of cash drawer ( till ) operations .
8	its construction led to enormous debt to european bank , and caused popular discontent because of the onerous tax it required .
12	in pvp , data was loaded by prefetching to a special register bank , bypassing the cache .
15	from 1908 until 1918 he was in charge of a real estate department of a bank .
6	a is a type of japan bank .
24	the first level of djim screening removes companies involved in such products alcohol , pork - related products , conventional financial services ( e.g. bank and insurance companies ) , entertainment ( e.g. hotel , casino , gambling etc. ) , tobacco , and weapon and defense .
19	these installations have been featured in several design publications , and can still be experienced in public spaces , bank , hotel , schools , churches , industrial complexes , and private residences .
16	given then-standard banking criteria for mortgage-lending , black people usually did not qualify for mortgages from bank and savings and loan association ; instead , they recurred to land installment contracts at above market interest rates to buy a house -- a racist economic strategy eventually leading to foreclosure .
6	the postbank was a large dutch bank , which went on to became part of ing group .
20	vadym petrovych hetman ( ; july 12 , 1935 -- april 22 , 1998 ) was a ukrainian statesman and bank .
34	eternal university exists in a campus containing a university , a number of professional colleges , an international akal academy , a multi-specialty charitable hospital , a gurudwara , a post office , a bank , and a fuel station .
25	the underdog hero : the most common hero of canadian literature , an ordinary person who must overcome challenges from a large corporation , a bank , a rich tycoon , a government , a natural disaster , and so on .
10	infrastructure in thaba-tseka , there are shopping facilities , a bank , a post office , various institutions of relief organizations , and a hospital .
14	the panic was followed by a five-year depression , characterized by ongoing failures of bank and financial institutions and record unemployment levels .
50	although traditionally banks have insisted on a wide range of covenants that allow them to intervene if the financial position of the borrower or the value of underlying assets deteriorates , around 2006 the increasing strength of private equity firms and the decreasing opportunities for traditional corporate loans made by bank fueled something of a '' race to the bottom '' , with syndicates of banks competing with each other to offer ever less invasive terms to borrowers in relation to leveraged buy-out .
1	the bank is highly regarded internationally , and has received a number of awards , from organizations such as the banker , global finance , the asian banker and euromoney .
39	the afdb has specific mandates from the new partnership for africa 's development ( nepad ) and other international organizations to take the lead amongst financial and development institutions in areas such as infrastructure , regional integration , and bank and financial standards in africa .
2	a dardania bank exists in albania .
16	sovrompetrol was followed by sovromtransport and tars ( transportation ) , and later by sovrombanc ( bank and commercial monopoly ) , sovromlemn ( wood processing ) , sovromgaz ( natural gas ) , sovromasigurare ( insurance ) , sovromcărbune ( coal exploitation in the jiu valley and other areas ) , sovromchim ( chemical industry ) , sovromconstrucţii ( construction materials ) , sovrommetal ( iron extraction around reşiţa ) , sovromtractor ( future tractorul , in braşov ) , sovromfilm ( importing soviet cinema productions ) , sovrom utilaj petrolier ( producing oil refining equipment ) and sovromnaval ( shipbuilding in constanţa , giurgiu , and brăila ) .
9	during the year 1990 , ronnie leibowitz robbed 21 bank branches , mostly in the tel aviv area , by using a motorcycle ( an italian moto guzzi ) to enter and escape banks , and then hiding the motorcycle in a truck readied for that purpose in advance .
6	financial institutions , which may include bank , credit unions , loan funds , and community development venture capital funds , can apply to the cdfi fund for formal certification as a cdfi .
9	when ibbl was established , it was the first bank in south-east asia to provide banking service based on shariah .
36	examples some examples of passive income are : any type of property income earnings from a business that does not require direct involvement from the owner or merchant ; rent from property ; interest from a bank account royalties from publishing a book or from licensing a patent or other form of intellectual property , such as computer software product ; earnings from internet advertisements on websites ; dividend and interest income from owning securities , such as stock and bonds , is usually referred to as portfolio income , which may or may not be considered a form of passive income .
34	my laugh comes last book cover synopsis larry lucas is a small time worker , who is one day approached by a millionaire , farell brannigan , to assist him and start a new bank in town , which should be the safest in the world .
11	big five is the name colloquially given to the five largest bank that dominate the banking industry of canada .
11	he has also led campaigns to reform insurers , politicians , bank , oil companies , and utilities .
17	there are three high school in kauguri , a number of kindergarten , as well as a bank , insurance agency , and travel agency .
10	roman influences may be found around us today , in bank , government buildings , great houses , and even small houses , perhaps in the form of a porch with doric columns and a pediment or in a fireplace or a mosaic shower floor copied from an original in pompeii or herculaneum .
24	as a fast developing city and a major industrial and commercial hub in africa , nnewi experiences voluminous financial activities , therefore hosts major bank , and other financial institutions .
9	he was assigned to the committee on insurance , bank and banking .
18	william henry workman ( january 1 , 1839 february 21 , 1918 ) was an american politician , bank and businessman .
8	the trail goes east and follows the southern bank of the tar river , then at the confluence of the tar river and green mill run , turns south and follows the western edge of the tributary .
39	headquartered in the puente hills mall in industry , california , with branch offices in alhambra , california , tustin , california , rosemead , california , cupertino , california , and arcadia , california this privately held community bank was first established on may 3 , 1995 .
26	it started in 1968 as the '' inter-bank computer bureau , '' intended to improve the existing clearing system by using electronic transfer of funds between bank , avoiding the need for paper documents .
11	he struggled to be given permission to miss work from his bank job to play in matches so was not played as often as he could have been .
8	midwest federal savings and loan was an american bank headquartered in minneapolis , minnesota .
4	it was the first bank to be established in nigeria without government or foreign support .
21	in addition to the hicks-cobb general store , medicine mound in its heyday had the w.w. cole building , a combination bank , drugstore , gasoline station ( with rusty pumps remaining ) , and post office , a laundry ( specifically , new york steam laundry ) , a school , and a church .
18	the house itself is a three - bay stone building , one-and-a-half stories tall , located on the bank of the licking river .
1	unlike bank loans , gemach loans are interest-free , and are often set up with easy repayment terms .
1	many bank started operating since 2002 , catering to the growing population of this suburb like sbi etc. are located here .