16	a freshening stream satisfied the water problem and irrigated a lush peach , pear , and apple orchard .
13	history albertming was founded by albert shyy and ming chang , a former apple engineer , in 2010 .
16	thus in many sub counties there are successful farmers engaged in the production of grape , apple , pear and peach .
22	his tenure was marked by significant investments in roads , irrigation works , rural electrification , as well as higher subsidies for apple and pear exporters .
4	certifications supported include : apple , cedia , cisco , comptia , dell , hp , microsoft , novell and samsung .
13	in the eastern us , the gypsy moth prefers oaks , aspen , apple , sweetgum , speckled alder , basswood , gray , paper birch , poplar , willow , and hawthorns , amongst other species .
24	original version the original formulation contained 106 mg of caffeine , 33 g of sugar , fruit of the açaí palm , 68 % apple juice , 5 % lemon juice , carbonated water , fructose and malt extract and trace quantities of guarana and ginseng , per 250 ml can .
20	the website is only open to students and leverages discounts offered through partners such as percentage savings at sites like apple , microsoft , best buy , and groupon .
15	ontario-grown fruits used to make these wines include ( but are not limited to ) apple , apricot , black currant , blackberry , blueberry , cherry , cranberry , elderberry , gooseberry , huckleberry , haskap , nectarine , peach , pear , plum , red currant , raspberry , saskatoon berry , and strawberry .
7	the village is also famous for its apple and other fruit , and for its many forests such as pine tree and oak tree which are well known in lebanon .
6	official extensions agp graphics card ( apple macintosh ) agp pro graphics card agp pro it is an official extension for cards that required more electrical power .
1	in apple 's mac os x , it was available as an alternative to hfs+ , their proprietary filesystem .
21	the eone was an all-in-one desktop computer produced by emachines in 1999 that bore a clear resemblance to the design of apple 's imac .
16	his most famous advertisement was 1984 ( 1984 ) , directed by ridley scott , for apple .
23	notebooks with this feature include the dell studio and latitude series , some hp elitebooks and some hp envy models , and the apple macbook pro and macbook air .
23	the companies that make the platforms , such as microsoft , cisco , ibm , hewlett-packard , novell , google , oracle , apple , sap and salesforce.com encourage and lend support to isvs , often with special '' business partner '' programs .
33	hocevar is part of goatse security , an information security working group most known for revealing a security flaw in at&t 's website , leading to the release of 114,000 email addresses of apple ipad users .
5	the melons , grapes , apple , quince , and pear of uzbekistan are well known for their quality .
32	students ranked in the school 's top 1 % occasionally get a class period ( work experience ) that permits them to leave school early and go to local businesses such as apple , safeway , and the habit to work in $ 25-an-hour internships .
12	following the transition to the cw , supernatural episodes were added to apple 's itunes store starting in december 2006 , being one of the first cw series to be made available for sale online .
28	the president of sabre 's special projects , nellie bertram ( catherine tate ) begins to talk about the project , which encompasses creating a store to rival apple 's chain of stores , and dwight and packer start to compete to see who will become her vice president .
5	available for download from the apple app store and google play , grindr comes in both free and subscription-based versions ( grindr xtra ) .
6	on january 31 , 2008 , apple released the macbook air , a thin laptop with an optional 64 gb ssd .
33	these representations may be considered somewhat unusual by a modern user , but at the time there were no commonly accepted metaphors and commodore chose to use different idioms from their competitors ( apple had already pursued legal action to prevent other software companies from offering graphical user interfaces similar to its own ) .
10	zoomsystems has partnered with companies such as best buy , apple , macy's , proactiv solution , procter & gamble and max wellness .
9	also , vim is shipped with every copy of apple os x .
7	macscan is an anti- malware utility for apple 's mac os x developed by securemac .
31	four of its patents , now owned by allen 's interval licensing llc , are the subject of a patent infringement lawsuit interval licensing filed in august 2010 against aol , apple , ebay , facebook , google , netflix , office depot , officemax , staples , yahoo! , and youtube ( but not microsoft ) : : '' attention manager for occupying the peripheral attention of a person in the vicinity of a display device '' .
5	funding key investors include former apple european ceo , pascal cagny , former bbc director-general john birt , co-founder of games workshop and life president of eidos , ian livingstone , and chairman of retail group kingfisher and former chief executive officer of carrefour , daniel bernard .
3	notable stores include apple , aldo , swarovski , express , claire's , crate & barrel , pottery barn , and red door spa .
4	morels growing in old apple orchard that had been treated with the insecticide lead arsenate may accumulate levels of toxic lead and arsenic that are unhealthy for human consumption .
15	esther balogh spoke on paprika , bruce kraig on hot dog and joan morgan on apple , soon to be the subject of her definitive the book of apples ( 1993 ) .
25	wine is produced by fermentation of the natural sugars present in grapes ; cider and perry are produced by similar fermentation of natural sugar in apple and pear , respectively ; and other fruit wine are produced from the fermentation of the sugars in and other kinds of fruit .
17	it has a website and separate digital editions configured for both the ios operating system for the apple ipad and the android operating system for such devices as the google nexus , all of which offer video clips , extra features and multimedia and other material not found in the printed version of the newspaper .
5	willow creek makes wine from apple and pumpkin , and has a separate brand for non-estate wines , named '' wilde cock '' after the owner and the rooster that live at the farm .
21	hardware since version 3.13 rockbox enables opus playback on supported portable media players , including products from the ipod series by apple , devices made by iriver , archos and sandisk , and on android devices using '' rockbox as an application '' ( raaa ) .
35	the timber harvested in south haven was shipped to chicago and milwaukee via steamboats and schooners , and the cleared forests were then used by fruit farmers , who primarily grew peach , blueberries and apple .
24	film production rodriguez was the executive producer of the biographical film jobs , directed by joshua michael stern and based on the life of apple co-founder , steve jobs .
0	apple founder steve jobs recalled that '' larry told me that 15 minutes into the meeting , he knew ray was the only guy he had met who was near smart enough to run oracle .
23	on november 2 , 2010 , wolo became the first television station in columbia to stream live newscasts and breaking news coverage on apple ios devices .
0	apple almond ash beech crepe myrtle chestnut dogwood elm ficus grape hazelnut hornbeam laburnum linden maple olive peach pear privet river red gum sycamore willow wisteria conjoined trees two trees may grow to their mature size adjacent to each other and seemingly grow together or conjoin , demonstrating the process of inosculation .
12	he currently resides in san jose , california as a designer at apple , with his wife , lisa walter , and their three daughters , adrienne , cameron and deirdre .
40	the country was the destination for berkshire hathaway 's first investment outside the united states when it purchased iscar metalworking , and the first research and development centers outside the united states for companies including intel , microsoft , and apple .
12	for the mountain towns , the crops are summer fruits , mainly apple and pear .
27	salads typical salads are made of a fairly short list of ingredients : endless combinations of boiled beef or chicken , potato , beet , carrot , apple , herring , diced cheese , canned pea and corn , canned fish , ` crab fingers ' , onion and mushrooms , and are generously seasoned with mayonnaise or sunflower oil .
15	sony 's xdcam mxf is supported by adobe after effects , adobe premiere pro , apple final cut pro via xdcam transfer , autodesk smoke , avid , dalet , harris , omneon , quantel , rhozet , sony vegas pro , sorenson squeeze telestream flipfactory , grassvalley edius , and grass valley k2 .
3	in 2007 , apple 's iphone was the first cell phone promoting this feature .
4	notable examples include : apple ( malus domestica ) .
8	plum , apricot , pomegranate , pear , apple , grape , and fig , along with many kinds of citrus are the most frequently used fruit , either fresh or dried , in turkish cuisine .
27	notable examples include : linkedin : the serious network 6 reasons why apis are reshaping your business facebook : the perfect startup amazon.com : the hidden empire apple : 8 easy steps to beat microsoft ( and google ) why could google die ... maybe not now , but tomorrow excubation the company operates with a startup mindset , launching prototypes with lean budgets and skeleton crews , and later expanding resources to accommodate growth .
4	with the lisa , apple introduced a desktop environment on an affordable personal computer , which also failed in the market .
11	it was developed in the late 1980s and early 1990s by apple , who called it firewire .
32	crops which support aphid populations include wheat , sorghum , sweet corn , alfalfa , soybean , pea , bean , cotton , potato , brassica crops , tomato , asparagus and apple .
27	this approach has been utilised by both operators and device manufacturers , for example i-mode ( ntt docomo ) , blackberry ( rim ) and iphone ( apple ) .
5	a direct conversion of an apple ios game , , asphalt 3d includes 17 tracks based on real-life locations and 42 licensed sports vehicles .
4	tekserve , a vast apple computer repair shop , serves nearby silicon alley and the area 's large creative community .
0	apple ios 7 , released on september 18 , 2013 is the first large scale commercial deployment of multipath tcp .
6	cox 's orange pippin is an apple cultivar first grown in 1830 , at colnbrook in buckinghamshire , england , by the retired brewer and horticulturist richard cox .
7	the font is also apparently licensed to apple , who announced on october 16 , 2007 that their flagship operating system , mac os x v10.5 ( '' leopard '' ) , would be bundled with arial unicode .
11	totaling , it is southington 's largest farm and the largest apple - grower in the state , selling wholesale to local stores and retail at its farmers ' market .
8	in some color printers , such as the apple imagewriter ii , the printer moved the ribbon relative to the fixed print head assembly .
14	the corporations jetta has analyzed include family dollar , dollar tree , walmart , apple , kmart , jcpenney , and sears .
25	grant has presented for leaders at organizations such as google , the nfl , merck , pixar , goldman sachs , facebook , microsoft , apple , the united nations , the world economic forum , and the us army , the us navy , and the us air force .
8	one of the first popular image editors was apple 's macpaint , companion to macdraw .
35	in klayman ii , the plaintiffs sued the same government defendants and in addition , facebook , yahoo! , google , microsoft , youtube , aol , paltalk , skype , sprint , at&t , apple again alleging the bulk metadata collection violates the first , fourth and fifth amendment and constitutes divulgence of communication records in violation of section 2702 of stored communications act .
16	products using the internet printing protocol include , among others , cups which is part of apple mac os x and many bsd and linux distributions and is the reference implementation for ipp/2 .0 and ipp/2 .1 , novell iprint , and microsoft windows , starting with ms windows 2000 .
23	in 2011 , evolution produces five types of juice with the pascalization or high pressure process , orange , grapefruit , lemonade , apple and tangerine .
0	apple subsequently developed a new protocol appleshare ip which is not backwardly compatible .
3	projects include helping apple design the user-interface for applelink personal edition ( which became aol ) , hp with the design of the user interface for its halo telepresence system , kaiser permanente improve its online library for physicians and nurses , sabre revolutionize its graphical user-interface design for one-third of the world 's travel agents , livescribe with the first version of its smartpen , and sap 's with sustainability-oriented enterprise software .
15	hongfujin precision industry co. , a subsidiary of foxconn , is a company which manufactures apple 's iphone 5 , ipod as well as other products for multinational corporations .
32	in 1980 , motorola 's next generation 32-bit microprocessor , the mc68000 , led the wave of technologies that spurred the computing revolution in 1984 , powering devices from companies such as apple , commodore , atari , sun , and hewlett packard .
3	agricultural products include apple , banana , barley , beans , cacao , coffee , maize , oat , peach , plantain , potato , rice , sugarcane and wheat .
2	developed by apple , it is the open source equivalent of quicktime streaming server , and is based on its code .
0	apple in reference to their quicktime media player employed the term fast start in 1997 , to describe what was commercially referred to as progressive download playback of encoded digital media content .
13	identifying the fruit potential forbidden fruits of the garden of eden include the apple , pomegranate , the fig , the carob , the etrog or citron , the pear , mushrooms , the quince and , more recently , the datura .
23	in 2009 , the seat león cupra was turned into a race car in the ` seat cupra race ' mobile game for apple iphone / ipod touch available through the itunes ' app store .
17	description alongside dried pears the filling also contains raisin , walnut and other dried fruit such as apple or figs .
21	susan kare ( born 1954 ) is an artist and graphic designer who created many of the interface elements for the apple macintosh in the 1980s .
2	pear , apple , grape , oranges , mandarin orange , nectarine , mespila , blackberries , cherries , strawberries , figs , watermelon , melon , avocado , citrus , lemon , pistachio , almond , chestnut , walnut , hazelnut are some of the commonest of the fruits and nuts .
32	in contrast , the '' enter '' key is commonly labeled with its name in plain text on generic pc keyboards , or with the symbol ( u +2324 ) on many apple mac keyboards .
6	the newer models include support for apple 's time machine backup software .
21	dr. arnold kim ( often referred to as '' arn '' online ) is the owner of macrumors , a popular apple rumors website .
27	while meat was the main component of the upper-class diet , they occasionally took vegetables such as turnip , carrot , and radish and fruit such as apple , plum , and woodland strawberries .
1	on apple 's systems , and on a handful of other laptops , there are also thunderbolt ports .
17	kodak sold many of its patents for approximately $ 525,000,000 to a group of companies ( including apple , google , facebook , amazon , microsoft , samsung , adobe systems and htc ) under the name intellectual ventures and rpx corporation .
3	commercial orcharding of apple was first tried there in 1892 , but a series of setbacks prevented the major success of commercial fruit crops until the 1920s .
6	macintosh rom files are owned by apple and can not be legally distributed .
10	it is very common in the autumn , feeding on apple trees in gardens , and on willow bushes in hedges .
2	these include apple , beetroot , cabbage , carrot , high quality coffee , common bean , maize , onion , peach , plum , potato , radish , turnip and wheat .
34	some industrial groups allow , and often encourage , their fans to remix their music , notably nine inch nails , whose website contains a list of downloadable songs that can be remixed using apple 's garageband software .
16	less usual foods that have been reported are dried vegetable remains , dried fruits ( especially apple and raisin ) , horn shavings ( an organic fertilizer ) , cork and even refined sugar .
30	following models from 1967 and 70 research claussen-finks made analytical research on trade fair impact and brand relation based on individual video interviews for ibm , daimler , bmw , apple , siemens , nixdorf , sun microsystems , sony , deutsche telekom and others .
15	iphoto does not , however , provide the comprehensive editing functionality of programs such as apple 's own aperture , or adobe 's photoshop ( not to be confused with photoshop elements or album ) , or gimp .
49	of the berries that have been found are raspberry ( rubus idaeus ) , dewberry ( rubus caesius ) , wild strawberry , and the somewhat less palatable dogwood ( cornus sanguinea ) , hawthorn ( crataegus monogyna and oxyacantha ) , rowanberry ( sorbus aucuparia ) , crab apple and rose hips .
16	the diversity of its ecology and climate makes it possible to grow temperate crop such as apple , pear , plum , grape and citrus fruit and tropical products such as mango and lychee , as well as a wide variety of other crops including coffee , clove , sisal , maize , tuber and various spice .
12	commercial use the song 's title comes from the norwegian word for apple .
21	implementation the mac os x 10.8.5 system preferences dialog , non-scaled ( left ) and scaled ( right ) os x apple has included some support for resolution independence in earlier versions of os x ( formerly mac os x ) , which could be demonstrated with the developer tools quartz debug that included a feature allowing the user to scale the interface .
11	the first game , blast billiards touch , was approved by apple in december 2009 .
2	fruits include apple , cherries , cherimoya , peach , and pear .
11	mobile in april 2013 , udemy was first offered as an apple ios app , allowing students to take classes directly from smartphones ; the android version was launched in january 2014 .
6	northern honshū produced 75 % of apple of japan ; other products included cherries and horses .
12	bill atkinson -- designer of much of the graphic subsystem for the apple macintosh and creator of hypercard and macpaint .
3	formative pruning of apple ( malus pumila ) and pear ( pyrus communis ) trees should be carried out in the dormant winter months .
19	cherokee nation members joseph l. erb , roy boney , jr . , and thomas jeff edwards worked with apple to bring official cherokee language support to the iphone and ipod touch in ios 4.1 ( released september 8 , 2010 ) and for the ipad with ios 4.2.1 , which was released on november 22 , 2010 .
20	this unique characteristic of asexual reproduction helped to develop a number of cultivars of fruits and vegetables including grape , apple , pear and peach .
6	the caterpillar 's food plants include apple , pear , plum , willow , hornbeam , lime and oak .
6	partners the academy 's partners include apple , arri , cannes film festival , goldsmiths , university of london , kodak , new horizons film festival , riverside studios , deluxe entertainment services group inc . , and anglia ruskin university ( cambridge campus ) courses of study the college provides a variety of film-making courses , taught either in london or in the algarve , portugal ( in association with the algarve film commission ) .
6	rambo is the name of two apple varieties .
14	origin at the core of rae assist was a technology that a group of apple employees had developed under the direction of samir arora .
23	full members include most of the main computer software and hardware companies with any interest in text-processing standards , including adobe systems , apple , google , ibm , microsoft , oracle corporation , yahoo! and the ministry of endowments and religious affairs of sultanate of oman .
24	after the nes version , the game was subsequently released for atari st and msx in 1987 , and amiga , dos , and apple in 1989 .
10	hypermeganet ug claims it is acting within the law because apple 's eula -- that forbids installation of mac os x on non-apple branded computers -- only applies if it can be seen before purchase , according to german law .
26	plăcintă is a romania traditional pastry resembling a thin , small round or square-shaped cake , usually filled with a soft cheese such as urdă or apple .
0	apple and bunches of grape occur very frequently , other fruits less so .
87	in particular wapa is seeking cooperative initiatives among its members to increase consumer demand for apples and pears by : facilitating exchange and dissemination of scientific information citing nutritional benefits to boost demand introducing common production best practices to ensure the product placed on the market is of the best possible quality and satisfies consumer expectations discussing matters relating to marketing standards to improve the market position of apples and pears by developing close links with retail chains membership wapa is open to any country that produces apple and pear for the fresh market .
3	inc. , led apple 's powerbook division to profitability and served as chief executive officer and president of borland software corporation .
17	steve capps is an american computer programmer , who was one of the designers of the original apple macintosh computer .
4	discovery is a dessert apple cultivar .
14	career large corporations and start-ups whurley moved to austin in 1994 to work at apple , eventually working in research and development .
7	it was very well received and achieved apple editor choice featuring .
5	in early february 2006 , apple confirmed reports of video display problems on the new intel-based imacs .
10	another revamped sequel , rally-x rumble , was released on apple 's ios platform on august 17 , 2011 .
8	it is a plant pathogen that grows on apple ( pyrus malus ) .
24	history wifi explorer began as a desktop alternative to wifi analyzer , an iphone app for wireless network scanning that was pulled out from apple 's app store in march , 2010 due to the use of private frameworks .
45	also crickets ( kōrogi ) : all autumn ( august -- october ) -- noted for the singing of the males nashi pear ( 梨 nashi ) , chaenomeles ( boke no mi ) , peach ( momo ) , persimmon ( kaki ) , apple ( ringo ) and grape ( budō ) are examples of fruit that are used as autumn kigo .
13	it is available in fruit varieties including orange , citrus , grapefruit , apple , strawberry , raspberry , pineapple , pomegranate , banana , passionfruit , lemon , hibiscus , guarana , tangerine , watermelon and grape flavors as well as tamarind .
22	high profile exits include those of zyb to vodafone europe bv in may 2008 for $ 50 million and polar rose to apple in september 2010 for a mooted $ 22 million .
19	the current brick building has stood ever since , supported at some times through the sale of grass and apple from the church 's orchard in 1901 the parsonage was replaced with a new manse next to the church , which was itself expanded in 1920 and 1949 with wings consistent with its existing colonial stylings .
18	iphoto can not be purchased separately , but is part of the ilife suite which is available from apple for 10.49 gbp .
16	in 2009 , costa systems created the '' ileslie '' iphone application , sold by the apple itunes app store .
17	these are categorised by the brewers as : single varietal cider , where only one type of apple is used .
6	some farms offer pick-your-own peach , apple , and pumpkin .
33	in january , 2012 the focus changed to economic development projects and the organization was rebranded as aythos , inc. projects in 2012 aythos was asked to consult for a grant to develop apple tree and kiwifruit plant farms in villages in helambu .
18	competition in the global mobile advertising market , inmobi primarily competes against google 's admob millennial media and apple 's iad .
9	industries it is primarily an agricultural area with many apple orchards and vineyards , and market gardens , growing strawberries , cabbages , rhubarb and lettuce are also amongst the primary produce .
15	tony fadell ( coe : bse compe 1991 ) -- '' father '' of the apple ipod .
46	jade has been featured in the new york times , the new york post , the los angeles times , the sydney morning herald , glamour , allure , mac life , mac world uk , marie claire uk and multiple other international fashion magazines and apple culture magazines .
15	the largest crops ( ) 300 kilo tonnes , in 2001-2001 ) include orange , apple , banana , chestnut , potato , carrot and tomato .
6	terhune also makes fruit wine from apple , blueberries , and peach .
7	nothing real was acquired in 2002 by apple .
35	desktop environments and applications could be hosted in a datacenter , with users accessing these environments from a wide range of client devices , including microsoft windows pcs , sun ray virtual display clients , apple macintoshes , pdas or any combination of supported devices .
3	swayze created the apple known as the swayze pomme gris .
7	when the ipod photo was first announced apple claimed that the device featured a '' new myriad typeface , '' stating ... now in living color , it 's easier to read than ever .
27	competitors included mitsubishi with their diamondtron nf brand of flat aperture grille crt displays , as used in certain computer monitors from mitsubishi , nec , and apple .
16	jeff barnes jeffrey '' jeff '' barnes is a member of the nerd herd specializing in apple products .
102	die size : 107 mm 2 ( penryn ) , 82 mm 2 ( penryn-3m ) steppings : c0 , e0 ( penryn ) m0 , r0 ( penryn-3m ) "penryn" , "penryn-3m" ( medium-voltage , 45 nm ) all models support : mmx , sse , sse2 , sse3 , ssse3 , sse4.1 , enhanced intel speedstep technology ( eist ) , intel 64 , xd bit ( an nx bit implementation ) , iamt2 ( intel active management ) , intel vt-x ( except the non-mac p7350 , p7450 ) , txt , ida ( intel dynamic acceleration ) select apple subsets of p7000 series processors support intel vt-x .
8	the province produces almost 70 % of the apple and pear of the country , most it for exportation with 38 % of it as fresh fruit and 40 % as juice concentrate , through the port of san antonio oeste .
4	considering the politics of apple products where technologies and intellectual property are carefully controlled , goggin finds that the iphone is similarly entangled in policies and practices that '' circumscribe and manage '' how users consume and adapt this technology .
22	goatup is an arcade platform game for ios devices developed by jeff minter and ivan zorzin of llamasoft and published via the apple app store .
8	rickner helped create the first truetype fonts at apple and did all the font hinting for microsoft 's georgia and verdana fonts .
2	competing technologies apple 's audio units avid 's avid audio extension digidesign 's real time audiosuite digidesign 's tdm ladspa , dssi for linux lv2 , a cross-platform , open source , liberally licensed audio plugin standard microsoft 's directx plugin mark of the unicorn 's motu audio system jack audio connection kit , an open source sound server allowing flexible audio routing between apps propellerhead 's rack extensions programming languages steinberg 's vst sdk is a set of c + + classes based around an underlying c api .
7	he has contributed numerous articles to the apple developers connection , computer arts magazine , and macworld magazine as well as appearing on techtv 's the screen savers .
2	he loves apple and is allergic to cherries .
32	in a court case accusing microsoft of being a monopoly , linux and open source software was introduced in court to prove that microsoft had valid competitors and was grouped in with apple .
4	notable merchants companies like apple , target , barnes & noble , qdoba , fuddruckers , walmart , reebok , sephora , the north face , toshiba , puma , drugstore.com , adidas and pacsun offer student discounts via edhance .
27	it develops and offers tools and libraries for software developers on a variety of development platforms , including embarcadero delphi , microsoft .net , mono , and apple 's xcode .
14	devices shazam is also a free or low-cost application for some android devices , apple iphone , blackberry devices , nokia smartphones , windows phone devices , and most sony ericsson phones ( not to be confused with sony ericsson 's own trackid , which is a similar application ) .
0	apple have the highest chilling requirements of all fruit trees , followed by apricot and , lastly , peach .
15	pascal cagni is a french business leader best known for his highly successful management of apple 's european business from 2000 to 2012 .
7	another important activity is the production of apple , pear , peach and others , specially in the alto valle area , shared with río negro .
8	the a.p.p.l.e. is one of the oldest official apple users groups in existence and specializes in providing users usable freeware and shareware .
5	hector barbossa is fond of apple , which appear throughout the first film .
26	battery production and distribution joint-venture coda has a global joint-venture with lishen power battery , a global battery cell supplier to samsung , motorola , and apple , for the design , manufacture , and sale of battery systems called lio energy systems .
10	the prize-winners include companies such as siemens in 1995 , apple in 2001 , bmw in 2007 , the bose design center in 2008 , porsche in 2012 , lenovo in 2013 and veryday ( 2014 ) .
10	beal also composed and produced the music for commercials from apple , nasdaq , ben & jerry 's , amgen , dr. pepper and many other major advertisers .
6	business steve jobs , founder of apple .
30	agriculture is the main branch of economy grow : cereals ( wheat , barley , oats ) , vegetables , tobacco , sunflower , sugar beet , in orchards : apple , plum , pear , cherry and others .
15	computer lettering the evolution of desktop publishing powered by computers , especially those made by apple , began in the 1980s , and started having a gradual impact on comics lettering soon after .
12	popularity show of hands has been downloaded over 300,000 times across the apple and android app stores .
16	the upper midwest , a prime fruit - growing region , sees the extensive use of apple , blueberries , cranberries , cherries , peach and other cold-climate fruit in its cuisine .
3	desktop computers from apple and ibm had been steadily gaining speed and power and in 1987 they became more powerful than the more expensive lisp machines made by symbolics and others .
10	plant foods eaten by the beech marten include cherries , apple , pear , plum , black nightshade , tomato , grape , raspberries and mountain ash .
22	supported languages international versions according to sources from brazilian site techguru , nuance communications has delivered the final version in portuguese to apple .
13	in 2012 , mixvibes expanded their cross software range to cover nearly all apple devices .
14	- black cherry ( m , we , wo ) pyrus malus l. - apple ( m , we ) rosa carolina l. - pasture rose ( we ) rosa multiflora thunb .
12	history pulse icon pulse was originally released in may 2010 for the apple ipad .
21	steve jobs ( february 24 , 1955 -- october 5 , 2011 ) , was the co-founder and former ceo of apple , the largest disney shareholder , and a member of disney 's board of directors .
28	early settlers of fertile land in mesopotamia used wooden plow to soften the soil before planting crops such as barley , onion , grape , turnip , and apple .
14	the first screensaver that allowed users to change the activating time was released on apple 's lisa , in 1983 .
10	the high school maintains four separate computer labs holding both apple and pc computers .
15	other common ingredients are additional grated or chopped fresh fruit ( e.g. , banana , apple , berries , grape , mango ) , dried fruit , milk products ( e.g. , fresh milk , yogurt , cream , condensed milk , fromage frais , quark , cottage cheese , or nondairy milk substitutes ) , lemon juice , ground nut , seeds , spices ( especially cinnamon ) , honey and muesli mix .
9	'' malling series '' is the name of famous apple rootstock .
10	mott 's is a american company involved primarily in producing apple - based products , particularly juice and sauce .
15	this dng workflow is used today by the network to receive material worldwide using an apple macbook pro , various prosumer and professional digital cameras , software from streambox inc. , and bgan terminals from hughes network systems .
13	from 1987 to 1991 , he worked in the business development group at apple .
14	the technical committee was chaired by two microsoft employees and included members drawn from apple , canon , intel , nextpage , novell , pioneer , statoil asa , toshiba , the united states library of congress , the british library and the gnome foundation .
13	romeo suicide by poison in romeo and juliet snow white ate a poisoned apple mingo swieter in ricarda huch 's 1917 novel , the deruga case ( curare ) vladimir harkonnen of dune unsuccessful poisoning of ron weasley in harry potter and the half-blood prince .
21	aside from co-founding purple moon , she has served as an interaction design consultant for multiple companies including sony pictures , apple , and citibank .
36	microsoft security essentials microsoft .net framework 4.0 microsoft silverlight runtime for ie adobe flash player 10.2 and acrobat reader for reading pdf files exopc gui layer store specific applications an application library , similar to the apple app store or the android market is available for the device , accessible through the exopc ui .
25	super ox wars is an arcade vertical-scrolling shooter game for ios devices developed by jeff minter and ivan zorzin of llamasoft and published via the apple app store .
24	a commoner and more benign constituent of desfontainia , present in considerable quantity , is the pentacyclic triterpene acid ursolic acid , in which apple peel is particularly rich .
14	in iran , the word used is سیب ( saib ) , meaning '' apple .
4	cafection has partnerships with apple , google , aramark , facebook , microsoft and bill and melinda gates ' foundation .
20	as watchespn on april 7 , 2011 , espn released a mobile app called watchespn on the app store for apple devices , using the same subscriber authentication functionality to allow access to simulcasts of the available espn channels on the service via the iphone , ipad and ipod touch ; the app was released on the android market ( now google play ) on may 9 , 2011 .
8	' sekai ichi ' is a cultivar of apple first released from japan in 1974 .
0	apple thinning : before ( at left ) after ( at right ) sugar beet thinning thinning is a term used in agricultural sciences to mean the removal of some plant , or parts of plants , to make room for the growth of others .
32	prism gathers communications data on foreign targets from nine major u.s. internet-based communication service providers : microsoft , yahoo , google , facebook , paltalk , aol , skype , youtube and apple .
3	a parody of apple 's get a mac series of commercials , with former writers chris elliott and gerard mulligan portraying the roles of mac and pc , respectively .
12	agriculture , gardening and industry the main garden products are walnuts , apple , cherry , sour cherry and apricot .
10	iframe logo iframe is a digital video format developed by apple .
18	alcatel ot-908s ot-918s ot-981a ot-990s ot-991 ot-995 one touch fierce one touch scribe x one touch scribe hd-lte apple iphone 5 , model a1428 manufactured after april 12 , 2013 iphone 5c , models a1436 and a1532 iphone 5s , models a1453 and a1533 ipad air , model a1475 ipad mini with retina display , model a1490 asus google nexus 7 padfone 2 google nexus 7 ( 2013 ) fonepad 7 blackberry q5 ( only sqr100-1 ) q10 ( only sqn100-5 ) z10 ( only stl-100-3 ( rfk121lw ) ) bold 9700 bold 9780 bold 9790 bold 9900 curve 9300 curve 9320 curve 9360 curve 9380 pearl 9100 torch 9810 torch 9860 many of the above listed blackberry devices have multiple versions , only one of each being aws compatible .
19	prekmurska gibanica , a pastry from prekmurje , made of eight layers , contains poppy seed , walnut , apple , raisin , and ricotta fillings .
13	the app was a # 1 best-seller on the itunes store and won apple 's prestigious award for best designed app of 2011 .
11	the m4v file format is a video container format developed by apple and is very similar to the mp4 format .
5	common fruit bouquet items include apple , artichoke , avocado , banana , cheese , grape , lychee , mango , orange , papaya , pineapple , pomegranate , strawberries , and chocolate .
9	aqua is the gui and primary visual theme of apple 's os x operating system .
32	when the dutch took over the area in the mid 17th century and renamed it new netherland , they similarly promoted viticulture in the area but found the area more suited for apple orchards .
6	several witnesses reported that hundreds of apple seemingly fell out of the sky landing on the ground , and several cars , below .
28	history the company , founded in 1999 , employs numerous established high-tech veterans , including former executives from electronic arts , ebay , disney , adobe , and apple .
17	on commercial personal computer the desktop metaphor was popularized among technical users by the original macintosh from apple in 1984 , and among the general population by windows 95 from microsoft in 1995 .
29	the ripe fruit are edible but may be fairly tart , and taste like a giant cranberry , though some species have fruity flavors with overtones of strawberry or apple .
7	both seasons are available for download from apple 's itunes store .
10	in addition the production of cherries , zwetschge , and apple contribute significantly to the economy .
3	popular fruits include apple , pear , fig , grape , quince , and pomegranate .
6	plagido also makes fruit wine from apple , blackberries , blueberries , and cranberries .
11	her album hypnotized was the most downloaded house dance album on apple 's itunes music store in june 2005 .
6	these topics included hashtags referring to apple , the iphone , mousavi ( the iranian presidential candidate ) as well as other hashtags relating to the 2009 iranian election protests .
18	shown is how the woman ( whose appearance does n't resemble snow white 's ) bites a poison apple from a tree and then falls asleep .
0	apple , google , ibm , mcdonald's , and microsoft are the world 's five most valuable brands in an index published by millward brown .
13	abc and nielsen partnered in 2011 to create a grey anatomy application for apple 's ipad .
20	these rely on media that are not owned by the data owner but by service provider such as google , apple , microsoft and facebook .
6	on september 18 , 2002 , apple bundled a similar program , sherlock 3 , with mac os x v10.2 .
18	also it is a district that has a lot of valley of fruit like chirimoya , avocado , apple , tumbo , and other fruits .
13	arbitrary marks include preexisting words used in an arbitrary way , such as apple when used for computers .
25	the economy of the village is basically agrarian , with the cultivation on its irrigated and unirrigated land of almond , cereal , pear , apple , olive , peach , etc. arbeca is situated in the north-northeast of les garrigues , near the comarques of pla d'urgell and urgell , and about 30 kilometers from lleida , the capital of the province of the same name .
4	was released on the apple ios in 2009 .
0	apple temporarily removed how to download a boyfriend from its e-book store citing concerns over nudity in the book .
4	orchard farming , particularly apple growing plays an important role , with 4.4 km ² of land devoted to orcharding .
5	on 28 april 2008 , apple announced an updated imac line featuring an 8800 gs .
35	wildfire has also been cited as '' a really early version of siri mostly geared for business execs '' and similarities have also been drawn between wildfire 's relaxed conversational style and that of the apple assistant .
17	history z-maestro development began in 2006 in an attempt to introduce a product that could compete with apple garageband for ease of use and professional products like fl studio and logic pro for features .
17	the charter members were composed of equipment vendors , independent producers , training professionals and members of apple 's iie computer group , sony 's smc-70 computer & interactive laser disc groups and pioneer 's interactive laserdisc groups .
4	extant sections treat of apple , peach , quince , citron , almond , chestnut , parsnip , and various other edibles , with an emphasis on the medical effects they have on the body ( quoting dioscorides sometimes ) .
38	gymnosporangium is a genus of heteroecious plant-pathogenic fungi which alternately infect members of the family cupressaceae , primarily species in the genus juniperus ( juniper ) , and members of the family rosaceae in the subfamily maloideae ( apple , pear , quince , shadbush , hawthorns , rowan and their relatives ) .
9	'' fruits , sometimes categorized with vegetables , include apple , oranges , banana , berries and lemon .
29	at 14 , he was also the managing director of his own web design firm , had created six apps , and was a delegate to attend the 2012 apple conference .
8	the company 's most profitable products on the apple 's app store and include '' chop chop ninja '' , '' chop chop runner '' , '' chop chop tennis '' and '' chop chop caveman '' .