36	the contributing artists on the cd are : bono and the edge , eddie vedder , paul simon and edie brickell , faith hill , sade , lauryn hill , rita wilson , diana krall , seal , dave matthews band , sting , alanis morissette , edward sharpe and the magnetic zeros , david bowie , cedella marley , beck , rufus wainwright , patti smith , and coldplay .
6	the islands are known for their seal population .
10	marine mammals : include whale , dolphin , porpoise , seal , sea lion , walrus , sea otter , marine otter , manatee , dugong and the polar bear .
33	come vivrei is an enchanting italian adaption of trisha yearwood 's grammy award winning song , how do i live , whereas other classics included are the poetic kiss from a rose by seal , and crying by roy orbison , both reworked into baritone adaptions from their original versions .
4	simultaneously , coins and seal inscribed with a mysterious script were also discovered .
35	songs featured in their catalogue include relax and two tribes by frankie goes to hollywood -- two of the best selling pop hits of the 1980s , the grammy award-winning kiss from a rose by seal , frankie 's the power of love , and dreams and sunshine by gabrielle ( singer ) , and beatbox , close ( to the edit ) and moments in love by the art of noise -- two of the most sampled songs in history .
13	no other food resource receives as much emphasis as salmon ; however , seal and game are both close seconds .
22	'' '' the stripped-down approach works well throughout the plaintive ballad ` believe in me ' , which sounds like a low-tech seal song .
4	findings include a steatite seal with indus script probably used for trading goods , impressions of seals on a terracotta lump of burnt clay , chert blade , copper implements , terracotta bead and bangle and typical standardised pottery of the indus valley civilization .
59	typical o-ring and application an o-ring , also known as a packing , or a toric joint , is a mechanical gasket in the shape of a torus ; it is a loop of elastomer with a round cross-section , designed to be seated in a groove and compressed during assembly between two or more parts , creating a seal at the interface .
5	the doctor befriends a circus seal named sophie who longs to return to her husband in the north pole .
13	in the period that enguerrand founded his order , he chose a new seal .
14	donkey and horse milk have the lowest fat content , while the milk of seal and whale may contain more than 50 % fat .
23	trade in 2010 , greenland 's exports to the eu amounted to in 2009 the eu put in place an import ban on seal fur on grounds on animal cruelty , but made exemptions for inuit communities in greenland and canada in order to protect their way of life .
6	this would become the de facto seal of unovis that took the place of individual names or initials .
36	a gentleman 's armorial bearings represented his very identity and were of enormous importance to him , both as a matter of family pride and for practical purposes of personal recognition in battle and in legal seal .
10	other animals present in the park include sea lion , seal , walrus , whale and sea otter .
13	bedrock is also not far from oceanrock aquarium , home of dripper the seal .
15	craig , who lives in melbourne , was coached in the program by british singer seal .
10	other objects -- such as badge , banner , and seal -- may also be described in blazon .
3	attributes on the seal of the abbey , benignus of dijon is depicted as having a dog by his side .
21	the posters featured gilroy 's distinctive artwork and more often than not featured animals such as a kangaroo , ostrich , seal , lion , and notably a toucan , which has become as much a symbol of guinness as the trinity college harp .
8	the group are soon joined by a live-in seal named gladys and a pair of dolphin ( duke and duchess ) which stay close at hand and fend off unwanted shark .
1	his seal , along with that of other scottish prelates , was appended to the obligation document drawn up for king david ii 's ransom at an assembly in edinburgh on 26 september 1357 .
9	artefacts retrieved include evidence of bear , marten , seal and porpoise , but also reveal hunting and gathering technologies through discovery of bone spear , elk antler harpoon and flint .
3	the fiat was seal in the home office and issued to the applicant who filed it in the central office of the high court of justice , and a sealed copy was served on the treasury solicitor , with a demand for a response on behalf of the crown .
1	dead seal in the snow the american paddlefish is poached for its eggs ocelot in bolivia white rhino in nakuru county , kenya the global decline of leatherback sea turtle populations is attributed to the illegal harvest of egg and killing of egg-bearing females at nesting sites along central and south america coastlines of the caribbean sea and on the malaysia terengganu beach .
11	likewise new zealand became a home for hunters seeking whale and seal in the 1790s with later non-commercial settlements by the scottish in the 1820s and 30s .
15	the engineers had developed a good background in the metallurgy of housing , high speed seal , radial inflow turbines , and centrifugal compressor .
22	while freeman had produced the early recordings , the v2 deal paired mandalay with producer guy sigsworth ( ex - björk , seal , acacia ) for the recording of their debut album .
34	records as a producer/arranger programmer and re-mixer , fiennes has worked with a diverse range of artists including neneh cherry , marianne faithfull , bryan ferry , the spice girls , hal david , seal , yello , propaganda $ 2 , erazure , eagle-eye cherry , david mcalmont , ian mcculloch , roland gift , lenny kravitz , nigel kennedy , daniel lanois , trilok gurtu , damien hirst ( in the guise of fat les 's vindaloo ) , dot allison , justin hawkins , jamelia and geneva .
13	it is the symbol of the catholic university of leuven , in whose seal it is enclosed in a vesica piscis shape whose margin bears the text '' universitas catholica lovaniensis .
10	the clerk also was the custodian of the court 's seal , which is used to authenticate copies of the court 's order , judgments and other records .
16	however , it does occur in many other safety-critical items such as fuel line and rubber seal , such as gaskets and o-rings , where ozone attack is considered unlikely .
26	the videos for '' gloria '' and '' leave behind your ego '' were directed by john christopher pina ( kanye west , john legend , seal , common ) for clean sweep .
30	upon a request by the julius bien company in new york city to provide a description of the municipal banner , the common council adopted its first official flag and seal .
39	it featured a beached female hyneria attempting to catch prey by sliding along the muddy ground like a walrus to catch two hynerpeton ( with the narrator explaining that it could '' attack like a killer whale after a seal '' ) .
70	the debut program featured avril lavigne , and has featured musical guests bon jovi , barenaked ladies , blues traveler , counting crows , duran duran , en vogue , the goo goo dolls , ann and nancy wilson ( interviewed ) of heart ( performed ) , boyz ii men , backstreet boys , james blunt , maroon 5 , meat loaf , queen latifah , ringo starr , seal , chicago , and toby keith , as well as actors john cusack , michael douglas , and anthony hopkins .
19	in 1811 a party of aleut from russian alaska landed on san nicolas in search of sea otter and seal .
16	moose , caribou , fox , wolverine , otter and beaver are also found as are seal , sea lion , sea otter and whale and various seabirds such as eagle found along the shore .
30	his clients list includes , amongst others artists , kanye west , nicki minaj , frank ocean , nas , bon iver , the black eyed peas , k'naan , seal , john legend , record labels capitol records , universal music , sony , warner bros . print and broadcast media billboard , rolling stone , vogue , mtv , rizzoli , fashion personalities like designer jeremy scott and model heidi klum , the charity oxfam and manufacturers coca cola , foot locker , nike , adidas , vans .
35	the headland was charted and named in 1911 by the northern party , led by victor campbell , of the british antarctic expedition , 1910–13 , and named because of the great number of young seal , known as calves , distributed nearby this headland .
20	martin performed the song on second series of the voice australia with fellow judges delta goodrem , joel madden and seal .
10	marine mammals as a class ( whale , porpoise , seal , and polar bear ) , for the most part , found protection under the passage of the marine mammal protection act ( public law 92-522 ) of 1972 , which prevented extinction or depletion from indiscriminate taking , including hunting , harassment , capture , and killing ( permitted takings , including for subsistence and research purposes , must be accomplished humanely , with '' the least degree of pain and suffering practicable to the animal '' ) .
12	he became tutor to the young king , guardian of the royal seal and a key adviser to queen margaret , while guillaume was appointed abbot of a monastery near maletto .
22	his throne name was thought to be aakheperre , from a few monuments naming an aakheperre osorkon -- such as a faience seal and a block .
44	work recht 's work is considered to be innovative in its use of indigenous , new and unconventional materials and technologies though also seen by many to be controversial due to the use of materials such as minke whale foreskin , spider silk , seal and human skin .
10	he has often worked with producer trevor horn including for seal and rod stewart .
36	the running speed of cheetahs is almost certainly subject to stabilizing selection , as would be the size of the wings of a bird , the thickness of the layer of subcutaneous blubber of whale or seal , or the hardness and rate of growth of the hooves of zebra .
7	'' violet '' is a song by seal .
5	the island has a flourishing seal colony , and is surrounded by the tonga island marine reserve , which was inaugurated in 1993 .
41	the church takes it name from saint eric , the 12th-century king of sweden who , having been slain by a danish prince , came to be regarded as a martyr and the patron saint of stockholm , depicted in the seal and coat of arms of the city .
22	it was so named in 1902 by the swedish surveyor johan gunnar andersson who found old english try pot used to render seal oil at the site .
11	during his career he has worked with many artists , including seal , björk , goldie , madonna , britney spears , kate havnevik , imogen heap , bebel gilberto , mozez , david sylvian , alanis morissette and alison moyet .
12	at guildhall , the outgoing lord mayor transfers the mayoral insignia the seal , the , the sword and the mace to the incoming lord mayor .
4	aggressively searching for new seal rookeries south of cape horn , on 17 november 1820 , palmer and his men became the first americans and the third group of people to discover the antarctic peninsula .
79	'' celebrities that key impersonated on the show include ludacris , snoop dogg , matthew lillard , bill cosby , al roker , terrell owens , tyler perry , robin antin , keith richards , eddie murphy ( as his character james '' thunder '' early from the movie dreamgirls ) , sherman hemsley ( as his character george jefferson on the jeffersons ) , charles barkley , sendhil ramamurthy ( as mohinder suresh ) , tyson beckford , seal ( originally played by jordan peele until peele left the show at the end of season 13 ) , sidney poitier , lionel richie , barack obama ( ironically , jordan peele would play obama on key & peele while key would play obama 's anger translator , luther ) and kobe bryant .
31	week 3 original airdate : january 17 , 2011 one-on-one : ashley s. they went to a famous recording studio and recorded them singing '' kiss from a rose '' by seal .
29	in this cold climate plant life is mainly limited to grasses , moss and lichen , while the main animals are insects along with large populations of seabird , seal and penguin .
23	the source of nutrition for the chono , yahgans , and alcaaluf thus mainly consisted of sea food such as ; whale , seal porpoise , guanaco , and otter .
5	the flexible nature of this seal allows pressure effects to cross the barrier but not the material being contained .
32	towards the end of his time with sl & g , mcguinness was also a highly successful marketing director for warner music group , winning awards for his campaigns for madonna , seal , simply red and mike oldfield .
0	seal are known to inhabit the sound in various locations along the coast and on the islands .
8	in 1441 , the town used an official seal listing its name as eherneborgh .
6	this arrangement was also performed by seal .
7	his audition impressed both joel madden and seal enough to turn their chairs for him and he ultimately chose to progress in the competition on team joel .
29	twin horrible deaths happened on / circa the same day last year , january 15 , 2007 , that the supreme court of the philippines ' ( logo or seal ) was mysteriously burned into halves by an almost one hour afternoon fire .
10	when hagenbeck was 14 , his father gave him some seal and a polar bear .
2	ba'alis 's seal ( shown on the cover of the issue of biblical archaeology review , where this article was first published ) is made of brown agate with white bands and is in fact quite tiny ( 0.5 inches in diameter and 0.2 inches thick ) .
36	a change is gonna come -- single cover it 's a man 's man 's man 's world -- single cover it 's alright -- single cover soul is the sixth studio album by british singer seal , which was released on 10 november 2008 .
14	'' but canada and eu remain at odds over an eu ban on importing seal products and canada 's visa requirement for the eu citizens of the eu member states of romania and bulgaria .
1	its seal depicts a large castle located in the town .
36	in applying the traditional christian interpretation of the hebrew bible as a series of prefigurations of the gospel story , jordan also writes that '' the fact that the den was sealed points forward to the seal on jesus ' tomb .
84	counterfeiting money , or attempting to coin genuine legal tender without due authorization ; tampering with wills , codicils , or such-like legal instruments ; prying into the correspondence of others to their prejudice ; using false weights and measures , adulterating merchandise , so as to render saleable what purchasers would otherwise never buy , or so as to derive larger profits from goods otherwise marketable only at lower figures ; bribing judges , suborning witnesses ; advancing false testimony ; manufacturing spurious seal ; forging signatures ; padding accounts ; interpolating the texts of legal enactments ; and sharing in the pretended birth of supposititious offspring are among the chief forms which this crime assumes .
1	when seal fell in the water , mylène farmer does n't help or ca n't help him , all interpretations are free .
9	he is also known to have bore a waxen seal which depicted a sailing ship on one side and a lion on the other .
26	after the song , the countess , seeing cherubino 's military commission , notices that the count was in such a hurry that he forgot to seal it with his signet ring ( which would be necessary to make it an official document ) .
25	subsistence activities are a large part of the culture for indigenous people and nanwalek is no exception , especially when it comes to salmon and seal harvesting .
72	that the town council is desirous of having armorial bearing duly established with lawful authority and he therefore as town mayor of the town of horwich and on behalf of the council thereof did request the favor of his grace 's warrant for our granting and assigning such arms and crest as we may consider fit and proper to be borne and used by the town council of horwich on its common seal or otherwise according to the laws of arms .
4	the reverse of the seal of alexander i , enhanced as a 19th-century steel engraving .
27	paramyxoviruses are also responsible for a range of diseases in other animal species , for example canine distemper virus ( dog ) , phocine distemper virus ( seal ) , cetacean morbillivirus ( dolphin and porpoise ) , newcastle disease virus ( birds ) , and rinderpest virus ( cattle ) .
19	alexander supported the album with extensive touring in the united states and europe and later that year , opened seal 's u.s. tour .
13	each level must review , add information as necessary , and stamp or seal that the submittal was examined and approved by that party .
23	economy historical background during the 15th -- 16th centuries , the main occupations of the tersky coast population were atlantic salmon fishing , seal hunting , and the extraction of salt from the sea water .
23	since moving to london , allen has shared the stage with artists such as emmylou harris , mark knopfler , kt tunstall , seal and josé gonzález .
25	drayton 's other credits include work with herbie hancock , johnny cash , andrés calamaro , chaka khan , mariah carey , michelle branch , seal , iggy pop , neil young , janet jackson , courtney love , simon & garfunkel and many others .
1	unlike seal and other general emblem , heraldic achievements have a formal description called a blazon , expressed in a jargon that allows for consistency in heraldic depictions .
18	he had much less power than other ( king 's ) chancellors , he guarded the queen 's seal and was the second most important official of her court , after her court marshall .
27	in april , 2013 , simone auditioned for season 2 of the voice ( australia ) and after successfully having three judges turn their chairs she chose seal as her coach .
32	marine mammal shows marine mammal shows include the display or performance of marine mammal such as polar bear , sea otter , whale , porpoise , dolphin , manatee , dugong , seal , sea lion , walrus , and other mammals with fins or flippers .
58	the debut album , waiting for the tide , was recorded in the summer of 1996 at jacob 's studios in farnham , surrey with an all-star cast featuring drummer darren mooney from primal scream , bassist jon noyce from jethro tull , keyboard player reg webb of lenny kravitz and produced by ace guitarist greg bone ( seal , sting , take that ) and sound engineer robin black , wings , the who , and pink floyd .
15	assynt is renowned for having diverse wildlife and achmelvich is no exceptions with cetacean , seal , basking shark , otter , pine marten , osprey and white-tailed eagle having been seen in the area .
13	the disease has also mutated to form phocid distemper virus , which affects seal .
48	honours and awards jaja wachuku received many honors ; including the title of ugo ngwa ( eagle and pride of the ngwa people ) which was conferred on him by the entire ngwa people in 1949 but was installed in 1971 , city of philadelphia , pennsylvania blue seal , key to the city of atlanta , georgia , time '' pride of africa '' commendation , commander of the order of niger republic , commander of the order of the federal republic of nigeria ( cfr ) , ll.d : doctor of laws honoris causa by trinity college , dublin , ireland , knight of saint christopher ( ksc ) by the anglican church nigeria , enyi ( elephant : wisdom and strength ) abia title and merit award by the government of abia state , nigeria .
5	death nineteenth-century illustration of the seal of walter fitzalan , depicting a mounted knight , armed with a pennon lance and shield .
15	pearce auditioned for the 6th series of the x factor in 2009 , by singing seal 's '' kiss from a rose '' .
10	the term is derived from the tradition of placing a seal on specified files or documents that prevents anyone from reviewing the files without receiving a court order .
5	symbols an engraving of the seal of the order , showing its '' tau '' symbol .
30	louis vii ordered the use of fleur-de-lis clothing in his son philip's coronation in 1179 , while the first visual evidence of clearly heraldic use dates from 1211 : a seal showing the future louis viii and his shield strewn with the '' flowers '' .
28	she insists on something to guarantee her safety in his absence and , as a symbol of his promise and his protection , he gives her his imperial seal of authority .
12	in 2007 he began remixing for leela james , michael bublé and seal for warner bros. .
5	it is home to a seal colony and has never supported a human population .
14	it is theorised that they benefit from the actions of diving predators such as seal and penguin which push prey up towards the surface while hunting , allowing the surface feeding storm petrels to reach them .
0	seal of bishop gamelin .
8	his credits include albums for depeche mode , seal , sam smith , ian brown , kylie minogue , sting , paloma faith , olly murs , the kooks and u2 .
1	the seal of the moravian church the british province of the moravian church ( formally the moravian church in great britain and ireland ) is part of the world wide moravian church unity .
12	other two days of the week , the same boat is offering seal - safari from langør at stavns fjord .
14	the current coat of arms can be traced to the town 's first known seal , dating from 1311 .
24	contemporary typographers view typography as craft with a very long history tracing its origins back to the first punches and dies used to make seal and currency in ancient times .
2	political influence seal of thomas de brantingham during the fourteenth century , and in particular during the reign of edward iii , several de brantinghams held great offices of the state , including ralph de brantingham , king 's chamberlain to edward iii from 1349 , and thomas de brantingham ( died 1394 ) , lord treasurer from 1369 to 1371 and bishop of exeter from 1370 until his death .
6	the tight fit of the mask seal around the face and the retention strips wrapping around the back of the head were uncomfortable in long sessions .
18	by 1245 , the family of gurren of haag had already begun using a horse salient as their seal device .
37	the title is a reference to the mona lisa , the famous painting by leonardo da vinci , and the song of the same name , originally performed by nat king cole , which was covered by seal for the movie .
13	he has played and appeared with performing artist such as mick jagger , seal , orchestral manoeuvres in the dark , elton john and randy crawford .
13	seal-top spoon silver , end of handle in the form of a circular seal ; popular in england in the later 16th and 17th centuries spork , sporf , spife , splayd etc. differing combinations of a spoon with a fork or knife stroon - a straw with a spoon on the end for eating slush puppies etc. cooking and serving utensils spoons primarily used in food preparation , handling or serving , in the kitchen or at the table .
0	seal ) jamiroquai - '' love foolosophy '' jimmy cliff - '' many rivers to cross '' , '' i want i do i get '' jennifer lopez - '' jenny from the block '' jessica garlick - '' come back '' jimmy eat world - '' the middle '' justin timberlake - '' like i love you '' kelly llorenna - '' tell it to my heart '' kylie minogue - '' in your eyes '' , '' come into my world '' ( fischerspooner mix ) lange - '' drifting away '' ( feat .
18	in such cases , an architect or engineer may provide certification including the professional 's signature and applied seal .
8	her success led to an american tour with seal in 1995 .
25	the rzucewo people had domesticated cattle , pigs , some goats , but did little cultivation and engaged in fishery and hunting , especially of seal , then numerous along the baltic coast .
23	since then , ruslan has been touring , performing and recording with major artists ( in addition to clarke ) , such as seal , josh groban , al jarreau , ne-yo , chick corea , eric benét , marcus miller , dennis chambers , rachelle ferrell , diane warren , los angeles philharmonic and countless others .
9	remixed artists include : prince , the cure , seal , nitzer ebb , peter gabriel , depeche mode , & the human league 1990 -- 1992 : guerilla and bassomatic orbit founded guerilla records at the beginning of the 90s , releasing vinyl discs from artists such as leftfield , underworld , felix da housecat and dj pierre in the then-new genre of ' progressive house ' , and hosting illegal rave parties in disused warehouses in central london , before forming the band bassomatic , fascinating rhythm being their biggest hit .
42	the cd is positioned to reach a broad and popular audience with an accessible collection of inspiring tracks from artists including sarah mclachlan , ziggy marley , peter gabriel , michael franti , sheryl crow , krishna das , anjelique kidjo , seal & guru singh , anoushka shankar & sting .
3	marine mammals include seal , walrus , and several species of cetacea -- baleen whale and also narwhal , killer whale and belugas .
2	jpg the seal of the moravian church , the agnus dei window with the lamb of god carrying the vexillum file : agnus dei .
33	among the artists that have performed here are bob dylan , b.b . king , enrique bunbury , julio iglesias , boz scaggs , merle haggard , george lopez , jamie foxx , seal , something corporate and jaguares .
26	the earlier english spoon-handles terminate in an acorn , plain knob or a diamond ; at the end of the 16th century , the baluster and seal ending becomes common , the bowl being fig - shaped .
17	'' american idol sligh auditioned in birmingham , alabama singing '' kiss from a rose '' by seal , after which paula abdul gave him a standing ovation and said , '' i like you very much .
23	in 2005 , he was the music director of the argent mortgage orchestrated concert series , which included shows with leann rimes , seal , jewel ( singer ) and duran duran .
5	both are comparable to a seal .
10	as well as the remains of numerous butchered moa , seal , porpoise , the extinct haast 's eagle , eyles ' harrier , new zealand swan and new zealand raven , kurī ( maori dogs ) , tuatara , kiore , shellfish such as pipi , paua , cockle , and marine bones from eel , skate , sunfish and sharks were found there .
29	other mammals include lemming , polar bear , walrus , beluga whale , snowshoe hare and arctic hare , red fox , grey wolf , arctic ground squirrel and seal .
0	seal of alexander ii , king of scots .
8	the island is a haven for seabirds and seal .
27	the river 's name means wolf river in french and may have come from a native tribe known as '' les loups '' or from the many seal , known in french as loup-marin , once found at the river 's mouth .
12	other session and touring work sancious has done includes living colour , seal , bryan ferry , julia fordham , robbie dupree , natalie merchant , eric clapton , jon anderson of yes , and hall & oates .
13	soul 2 is the eighth studio album by british soul / b singer seal .
2	the official seal of the united states tax court bears the fasces at its center .
1	overcharging seal ni -- cd cells consist of a pressure vessel that is supposed to contain any generation of oxygen and hydrogen gases until they can recombine back to water .
21	waterfowl and shorebirds occupy the bay during all but the winter season , while waterbirds and marine mammals including otter , seal , porpoise , and whale remain in the bay all year .
5	the latest form of the seal was introduced in 1938 with the arms somewhat altered from -- but very similar in concept to -- one that was earlier used .
9	the name jaazaniah appears on a sixth-century bc onyx seal discovered during the excavation of the tell en-nasbeh site , likely the biblical city of mizpah in benjamin , near jerusalem , conducted between 1926 and 1935 by william frederic badè of the pacific school of religion in berkeley , ca .
11	marine mammals and birds such as shore bird , whale , seal and sea otter can be seen from the beach .
5	the company bought and processed seal and whale oil from christensen vessels .
18	blind harry 's late-15th-century poem gives his father as sir malcolm of elderslie , however william 's own seal , found on a letter sent to the hanse city of lübeck in 1297 gives his father 's name as alan wallace .
41	1981 - 1985 : conservatory köln 1985 - 1988 : scholarship holder at the herbert karajan stiftung in berlin for classic trumpet ( professors : robert platt and ack van rooyen ) baldauf played with james brown , liza minnelli , seal , shirley bassey , michael bublé , and he was on tour with maceo parker , joe zawinul , shirley bassey , udo jürgens .
12	applications one major engineering application is oil drilling components , such as seal , compressor rings , valve parts , gear , bearing , and wire coatings .
32	john patten , the master of an english merchant ship , and part of his crew lived on tristan from august 1790 to april 1791 , during which time they captured 3600 seal .
14	kangaroo wanted to jump and wombat wanted to wiggle on the ground , while seal wanted to swim .
136	'' this eventually conflicted with the nationalism that eventually rose amongst north america 's canadians following the sacrifices and heroism shown by canadian troops on their own in various war fronts in the first world war and later increasing following the publicity of the larger canadian army in the second world war , the spreading use of newspapers with the installation of radios in most homes by the 1920s and 1930s beaming news and entertainment into all homes , followed by television 's impact after world war ii , and with the increasing population with the domestic , cultural and artistic accomplishments of native canadians and increased participation of assimilated immigrant groups brought an accompanying desire to have the dominion of canada 's sovereign status reflected in distinct nationalistic symbols ( such as flags , anthem seal , etc. ) .
7	the two-time grammy nominee has worked with seal , coldplay , paul oakenfold , alanis morissette , dido , jem , niyaz , ryuichi sakamoto , khaled , tiesto , bt , esthero , a.r . rahman and pete townshend .
5	relations with william of scotland seal of william i , king of scots .
8	it was previously a popular location for hunting seal .
18	under historical english common law a covenant was distinguished from an ordinary contract by the presence of a seal .
6	design the flag has the city seal emblazoned on quartered background , with each section representing a country that once controlled detroit .
2	examples include seal , dolphin , lion , and many herbivore such as deer , horse , and elephant .
39	adamski ( born adam paul tinley , 4 december 1967 ) is an english dance music producer , prominent at the time of acid house for his tracks '' n-r-g '' and '' killer '' ( a collaboration with seal ) .
2	1896 the seal and motto of peder palladius , the first protestant bishop to reside in the property , is placed above the gate .
0	seal oil is also reported to have been used , in addition .
25	clearly the porthaus accepted this interpretation of their name , since the blazon of their arms ( without tinctures , as the source is a seal ) was : a lion rampant and in chief two towers crenellated , masoned and inflamed , one to the dexter and the other to the sinister .
14	he is not descriptive , so animals including an elephant , monkey , a seal , a snake , a kangaroo & joey , and turtles are brought to jon 's house for the reward .
21	unlike most of the the eagle of the ninth series , it does not follow either the inheritor of the dolphin seal ring or the person who will eventually marry said inheritor ; although the current inheritor , the son of the protagonist of the lantern bearers , is a minor character in the book , the action follows the character of artos ( arthur ) as established in the lantern bearers .
2	whale , seal , cod , squid , mackerel , beluga whales and seabird all prey on capelin , in particular during the spawning season of the capelin while it migrates southwards .
18	other tracks included a cover of steve miller band 's '' fly like an eagle '' ( by seal ) , '' hit 'em high ( the monstars ' anthem ) '' ( by b-real , busta rhymes , coolio , ll cool j , and method man ) , '' basketball jones '' ( by chris rock & barry white ) , and '' for you i will '' ( by monica ) .
4	live in paris , seal 's first live album , was recorded at the famous olympia theatre in paris , france .
108	activities/master classes the academy is a host to master-classes by nationally and internationally-renowned musicians , producers and managers including : albert lee ( eric clapton , the everly brothers ) , laurie jenkins ( kasabian , beverley knight ) , guthrie govan ( dizzee rascal ) , ash soan ( adele , robbie williams ) , katie holmes ( professor green , lily allen ) , oli saville and nathan curran ( basement jaxx ) , luke bullen and arnulf linder ( kt tunstall ) , dave troke ( overtones ) , vintage trouble , vula malinga ( mark ronson , sam sparro ) , simon have ( seal , george michael ) , bruce findlay ( simple minds ) .
10	in 2011 , british soul and r & b singer-songwriter seal included the song in his second cover album soul 2 .
19	arie contributed vocals to '' imagine '' for the 2010 herbie hancock album , the imagine project along with seal , p!nk , jeff beck , konono n°1 , oumou sangare and others .
2	władysław 's seal , dated to 1317 .
1	a seal tank is under construction .
44	the population in 2002 was the indigenous population ( from 1872 to the 1950s when it was resettled to the mainland ) consisted of about 50 -- 300 nenetses who subsisted mainly on fishing , trapping , reindeer herding , polar bear hunting and seal hunting .
22	the finds included the unlooted tomb of a queen thought to be queen puabi -- the name is known from a cylinder seal found in the tomb , although there were two other different and unnamed seals found in the tomb .
13	more than twenty years on , he is still active , producing with seal , tina turner , paul mccartney , tom jones , cher , simple minds , belle and sebastian , t.a.t.u. , charlotte church , captain , pet shop boys and robbie williams among his many credits .
7	another is example is a late 14th-century seal of sir william le scrope , lord of mann , in which the manx triskelion is depicted in plate armour , rather than mail .
27	unicorn seals of the indus valley civilization the first objects unearthed from harappa and mohenjo-daro , major sites of the indus valley civilization , were small stone seal inscribed with elegant depictions of animals , including a unicorn-like figure , and marked with indus script writing which still baffles scholars .
22	while at sarm west spence worked with coldplay , doves , iron maiden , skin , belle and sebastian , sikth , seal and new order .
5	there is also evidence of seal , dolphin , a range of marsupial , dingo and even whale .
11	the skf group currently consists of approximately 150 companies including the seal manufacturer chicago rawhide .
2	hunters seeking seal and sea otter worked out the island between 1790 and 1850 .
81	'' recording artists reported to have participated in the sessions for my beautiful dark twisted fantasy included raekwon , rza , pusha t , rick ross , charlie wilson , big sean , cyhi the prynce , swizz beatz , dwele , nicki minaj , t.i. , drake , teyana taylor , common , jay-z , eminem , lil wayne , john legend , fergie , rihanna , the-dream , ryan leslie , elton john , m.i.a. , justin vernon , seal , beyoncé knowles , kid cudi , mos def , santigold , alicia keys , elly jackson , and tony williams .
9	present-day provinces of thailand this list includes all the seal of the provinces of thailand .
8	a vellum deed dated 1638 , with pendent seal attached .
10	she was judged for treason and for the forgery of seal .
4	radical 26 meaning '' seal '' is 1 of 23 kangxi radicals ( 214 radicals total ) composed of two strokes .
30	) , pinworm , aelurostrongylus , paragonimiasis , strongyle and strongyloide and can be administered to sheep , cattle , horse , fish , dog , cat , rabbits and seal .
25	the economy of the island was depressed due to decreased demand for newfoundland cod and hamilton encouraged diversification of the fisheries to include whale , seal and salmon .
2	edmund 's seal ( 19th-century reproduction by henri d'arbois de jubainville ) life edmund soon obtained , however , important possessions and dignities , for soon after the forfeiture of simon de montfort , 6th earl of leicester on 25 october 1265 , edmund received the earldom of leicester and later that of lancaster .
34	as a keyboardist/vocalist he has additionally toured or performed live with other artists including michael mcdonald , kenny loggins , sheena easton , jewel , edgar winter , al stewart , david becker and seal .
5	clapper - clapper is a seal who originated in .
7	pingu 's friends robby is a gray seal .
17	recent projects include recordings with sarah brightman and the lso , paul young , jeff beck , seal , dame shirley bassey , kerry ellis and paul carrack .
28	after the release of their self produced album good 4 we , they started productions and remixes for artists such as mick jagger from the rolling stones , seal , jay-z , tom jones , beverley knight , lighthouse family , changing faces or daryl hall of hall & oates .
30	the plot revolves around a boy called robbie henderson , a resident on the island of black ness , where there are legends of creatures called selkie , which are seal that can take on human form .
12	within the order carnivora are the pinniped ( sealion , walrus and seal ) , the polar bear ( ursus maritimus ) , and two otter ( enhydra lutris and lontra feline ) .
0	seal inhabit the reefs , by the hörgsnes peninsula .
9	the production was handled by horn who worked with seal , tina turner , cher , robbie williams , frankie goes to hollywood and many others successful singers and bands .
11	levin 's session career commitments -- mostly to peter gabriel and seal -- were also obstructing future king crimson activity .
25	personal life and other projects hexum produced the gold-selling soundtrack to the adam sandler / drew barrymore film 50 first dates - including songs for seal , jason mraz , etc. hexum appeared on the joe strummer track '' it 's a rockin ' world '' , from alongside flea and tom morello .
30	another of the tracks on still waters is performed with the south african group , ladysmith black mambazo , and '' ca n't stop the river '' was written by seal .
11	among the musicians the group opened for were joe walsh and seal .
21	pressurized oil enters the center of the housing and passes into a drum rotor free to spin on a bearing and seal .
26	performers , including def leppard , robert plant , guns n ' roses , elton john , david bowie , george michael , annie lennox , seal , extreme , and metallica performed various queen songs along with the three remaining queen members ( and spike edney .
28	guided walks are available in the village , and boat trips can be taken from the harbor to view the coastline which can offer sightings of dolphin and seal .
11	tahir agreed on the condition al-amin turn over his sceptre , seal and other signs that he was caliph .
19	the traces consists of various tools , including quartz and flint arrowheads used by these hunter-gatherer to catch mostly seal .
16	popular examples are coral , sponge , fish , sting ray , mollusc , cetacea , seal , shark and crustacean .
53	after '' totori no mura '' ( totori 's village ) , which enables visitors to see birds flying freely in a huge cage , the zoo continued to install new facilities including polar bear aquatic park , a '' walk - through '' penguin aquarium , an orangutan trapeze , and a seal aquarium which includes a vertical tube through which the seals can swim .
15	horn is a well-known producer who worked with many singers and bands , including : seal , tina turner , cher , robbie williams and frankie goes to hollywood .
21	bouvet island was claimed in 1927 ( formally in 1930 ; in 1935 the island was declared a nature reserve for seal ) .
10	animals such as shark , stingray , weever fish , seal and jellyfish can sometimes present a danger .
12	favoured habitat includes freshwater pools and streams fringed by tussock grassland , seal wallows and poorly drained land next to wetlands and melting snow , as well as coastal habitats .
14	the first representation of the castle dates back to 1307 , imprinted on the seal allowed to the city by albert ii .
10	marine mammals associated with the islands include two species of seal , large groups of common dolphin ( delphinus delphis ) , and minke whale ( balaenoptera acutorostrata ) .
10	at the circus , tiny introduces panny to a local seal .
11	activity in the region flourished as trading in sea otter and seal boomed .
19	m28 harpoon gun between the wars , several norwegian gunsmiths attempted to create harpoon guns , intended for hunting seal and shooting rescue lines to boat in distress .
13	in the final , he performed '' kiss from a rose '' by seal .
10	'' prayer for the dying '' is a song by seal .
2	the state seal of azad kashmir was adopted in 1975 and symbolizes the state 's ideological foundation , the basis of its heritage and its guiding principles .
4	an inuit hunts the seal and uses the whole body of the animal as a basic resource for his survival .
11	these first kayaks were constructed from stitched animal skins such as seal stretched over a wooden frame made from collected driftwood , as many of the areas of their construction were treeless .
42	history she was built as a type 207 submarine by rheinstahl-nordseewerke of emden , germany in 1965 for the royal norwegian navy and served for 25 years as hnoms uthaug before being purchased by denmark in 1990 , and renamed after the seal .
1	the seal of john moidartach ( from scotland ,1572 ) .
17	mr. lung eventually helps the mayor capture capt lu and pai yu ching after they find the seal that makes counterfeit money .
17	more recent artists to emerge from the london music scene include george michael , kate bush , seal , siouxsie and the banshees , bush , the spice girls , jamiroquai , blur , the prodigy , gorillaz , mumford & sons , coldplay , amy winehouse and adele .
43	the ability to '' piggyback '' or use various animal companions , called '' animal buddies '' , returns from its predecessor , such as squitter the spider , glimmer the anglerfish , rambi the rhino , rattly the rattlesnake , nerk the seal , enguarde the swordfish , and squawks the parrot , which can boost the gameplay experience , proving advantageous at certain points in a level or the whole level overall .
9	'' killer '' is a song by adamski and seal .
70	written in the ( early modern spelling of the ) dutch language , it is inspired by the motto of the united dutch provinces ( first dutch republic , predecessor of the current kingdom of the netherlands ) , ( currently also the official motto of the neighboring kingdom of belgium ) and translated '' in unity , there is strength . '' the motto is displayed on the borough seal and flag , which also feature a young robed woman bearing a bundle of bound rods known as a '' fasces '' , a traditional emblem of republicanism .
8	armin also wrote a song for english singer seal , but due to the release of his greatest hits album , hits , the collaboration never came together .
5	they were centered around a seal / sting / beatles vein , described as '' bluesy at times , nostalgic at others , jazzy , and even r & bish .
11	an exception is the black-faced sheathbill , an opportunistic scavenger around seal and penguin colonies and the only solely terrestrial breeding bird species present on the islands .
19	28 february - at the 38th annual grammy awards in los angeles : trevor horn ( producer ) & seal win record of the year for '' kiss from a rose '' .
19	the band has shared the stage with performers such as david gray ( musician ) , james morrison , seal , eric bibb , joss stone , the dubliners , arlo guthrie and korn .
34	history formation and stereoid lotfi , pál and walkó first met in 2005 , when behnam lotfi 's techno producer duo , collins and behnam planned to produce a cover version of adamski and seal 's killer and was in search of a vocalist .
1	the seal of aulay macaulay of ardincaple , in 1593 bore : a fess chequy and in chief a buckle .
19	sangaré contributed vocals to '' imagine '' for the 2010 herbie hancock album the imagine project , along with seal , p!nk , india.arie , jeff beck , konono nº1 and others .
13	2013 -- present in april 2013 , connie mitchell was a mentor to seal 's artists on the australian version of the voice .
28	while his name might imply that he turns into a guppy , his features , including flipper-shaped legs and pin teeth , are more closely related to a seal or sea lion .
0	seal of hoskuld hoskuldsson in 1524 .
4	nineteenth-century depiction of the seal of alan fitz walter , steward of scotland .
5	society and culture the musician seal has this skin condition .
19	american plaice may be an intermediate host for the nematode parasite otostrongylus circumlitis , which is a lungworm of seal , primarily affecting animals less than 1 yr of age .
2	a faience seal and a block naming an osorkon with throne name aakheperre , were for a long time attributed to osorkon iv ; however , this attribution has been criticized by frederic payraudeau in 2000 , who pointed out that those objects more likely referred to osorkon the elder .
19	at the same time a hurried population of consumer wanted a fast and easy way to open and effectively seal food bags -- originally bread hence the name .
7	human being is the third album by seal .
10	coaches series 1 coaches delta goodrem , joel madden and seal are set to return .
8	one exceptional find was the discovery of a seal stamp made of a lead-tin alloy which portrayed the coat of arms of the lords of hademstorf as the former lords of the castle .
23	the 2006 delhi sealing drive was a campaign by the municipal corporation of delhi ( mcd ) to close ( and thus '' seal '' the locks of ) a number of illegal commercial establishments in delhi , india which are running in residential areas without authorization .
42	uss walrus ( ss-437 ) , a world war ii -class submarine , was the third ship of the united states navy to be named for the walrus , a gregarious , aquatic mammal found in arctic waters , related to the seal and a prime source of leather , oil , ivory , and food .
23	however , the dyes in these cells also suffer from degradation under heat and uv light and the cell casing is difficult to seal due to the solvents used in assembly .
6	they were also permitted to engrave seal , and to sell gunpowder and saltpeter ; but their exclusion from the mining-towns remained in force .
20	'' kadyrov event in october 2011 , van damme , along with other celebrities including hilary swank , vanessa-mae and seal attracted criticism from human rights groups for attending an event in russian federal subject chechnya 's capital grozny on the 35th birthday of chechen president ramzan kadyrov on 5 october .
25	( domenico modugno , paul simon , christopher cross , michael jackson & lionel richie , billy joel , bobby mcferrin , eric clapton , seal , shawn colvin & john leventhal , james horner , u2 , the dixie chicks , amy winehouse , coldplay , lady antebellum , adele and lorde ( which is the stage name of ella yelich-o'connor ) ) .
29	'' may god hear '' ) is a biblical hebrew personal name that appears in the bible for several different individuals , and has been found on an onyx seal dating from the 6th century bce .
21	he also stated his wish list for guest appearances would include lauryn hill , 2 chainz , jay-z , drake , seal , ceelo green , diddy , meek mill , beyonce knowles , fabolous , dipset , ariana grande and eric bellinger .
85	beggs has also worked with bands and artists such as abc , alphaville , belinda carlisle , celtus , china crisis , cliff richard , cozi , curiosity killed the cat , ream , engelbert humperdinck , gary numan , go west , howard jones , iona , keke , kim wilde , maddy prior , mark shaw , michael bolton , midge ure , nena , nick heyward , nik kershaw , polysics , rick waller , right said fred , naked eyes , seal , stefano ianne , steve hackett , steve howe , t'pau , terl bryant , then jerico , there she was , tina turner , tom mcrae , tony hadley , toyah willcox , troy donockley and warren cuccurullo .
6	it is sometimes converted into imitation seal .
14	these claims included : fighting amongst the insurrectionists in uruguay , to have hunted seal down the south american coast and around cape horn as well as labrador , and to have played rugby in france , germany , south africa , india and north and south america .
7	on 20 august he went hunting for seal in his kayak in tugtilik fjord and did not return .
13	not far from dyers island is geyser island , a breeding ground for seal .
12	parts body - usually natural or light color dyed from rabbit , seal , and muskrat .
17	the mail ( i.e. its postage stamp ) was cancelled by a standard circular bulgarian handstamping cancellation seal ( metal issue ) with an inscription '' poste bulgare antarktika tangra 1091 '' on its periphery and date/hour counter in the center .
10	sights at the notojima aquarium visitors can watch dolphin and seal shows , animal feeding and meet many species in the ` touch and feel ' tank .
20	coulter became a mentor for the first season of the voice australia in 2012 , and paired up with coach seal to prepare the contestants in his team for the show 's battle rounds .
19	the first series premiered on the nine network on 15 april 2012 featuring delta goodrem , joel madden , seal and keith urban as the coaches .
32	in the next few years ofm consistently charted on the billboard charts with production , remixer , and writers credits with britney spears , justin timberlake , beyoncé , kelly rowland , seal , usher , blue cantrell , backstreet boys , birdman , alanis morissette , janet jackson , annie lennox , dolce , tina ann , fabolous , bone crusher , shakira , and jessica simpson .
16	characteristics cirth no. 19 '' g '' , used by gandalf as a personal sign or seal .
22	coat of arms the coat of arms of the borough of poole the design of the coat of arms originated in a seal from the late 14th century and were recorded by clarenceux king of arms during the heraldic visitation of dorset in 1563 .
3	i. am , seal , bono , mary j. blige , and faith hill , with david foster appearing on piano .
18	carin has worked with amnesty international , greenpeace , 4 seasons of hope for fundraising events playing with seal , elvis costello , the chieftains , spinal tap , and many others .
19	fema as an independent agency ( 1979 2003 ) national fire prevention and control administration redirects here the fema seal before 2003 the fema flag before 2003 fema was established under the 1978 reorganization plan no. 3 , and activated april 1 , 1979 , by president jimmy carter in his .
2	he brought seal , simply red , vangelis , mike oldfield , enya , and cher to the uk label and in 1997-98 warner added mark morrison , brit award winner shola ama , indie group catatonia , and teenage girl band cleopatra to the uk .
8	industries in kangiqsualujjuaq include hunting of caribou , seal and beluga whale , arctic char fishing , and the production of inuit art .
42	sightseeing saw rob hit his peak as a singer , writer and producer , bringing together his rocking live band and a host of top guest 's including , guitarist steve harris ( gary numan ) , keyboard player richard cottle ( seal ) , and percussionist miles bould ( sting ) .
2	dolphin , seal and otter inhabit the loch , and basking shark can appear in its waters during the summer months .
13	bryan adams deep purple kim wilde wadaiko yamato abba mania jean michel jarre seal sting vanessa-mae australian pink floyd show lord of the dance andrea bocelli carmen kool & the gang tiësto enrique iglesias scorpions buena vista faithless eros ramazzotti elton john 50 cent references external links gallery image : steelarena3 .
19	the first scene of '' bop gun '' , for example , featured the song '' killer '' by seal and adamski over a brief montage of images just before a murder took place .
8	'' the beginning '' is a song by seal .
7	he has collaborated with such artists as seal , sarah brightman , josh groban , john legend , bebe winans , gladys knight , jessica simpson , shaffer '' ne-yo '' smith , skylar grey , mozella , sacha skarbek , randy jackson , dj khalil , carole bayer sager , jc chasez , fergie , kardinal offishall , bc jean , planet vi , boi-1da , as a songwriter , musician and producer .
81	these materials include : low-density flexible foam used in upholstery , bedding , and automotive and truck seating low-density rigid foam used for thermal insulation and rtm cores soft solid elastomers used for gel pads and print rollers low density elastomers used in footwear hard solid plastics used as electronic instrument bezels and structural parts flexible plastics used as straps and bands polyurethane foam is widely used in high resiliency flexible foam seating , rigid foam insulation panels , microcellular foam seal and gasket , durable elastomeric wheels and tires , automotive suspension bushings , electrical potting compounds , seals , gaskets , carpet underlay , and hard plastic parts ( such as for electronic instruments ) .
9	the discography of english soul / pop - singer seal , consists of eight studio albums , two live albums , two compilation album , twenty-eight single and four video albums .
36	artists who have presented their works there include philip glass , peter brook , pina bausch , merce cunningham , laurie anderson , lee breuer , ethel , nusrat fateh ali khan , steve reich , seal , alice in chains , robert wilson , blackstreet , ingmar bergman , the whirling dervishes and the kirov opera directed and conducted by valery gergiev among others .
12	the display was the '' northern panorama '' , the foreground featured seal and walrus in a pool .
57	joshua has worked with mariah carey , justin timberlake , sean combs , jay-z , chris brown , miley cyrus , christina aguilera , mary j. blige , rihanna , r. kelly , celine dion , j-lo , t.i. , usher , michael jackson , nikki minaj , katy perry , snoop dogg , justin bieber , seal , nas , and whitney houston .
2	signature and seal of amias ( née cole ) thomson maverick , november 1635 in 1628 maverick married amias , widow of fellow colonist david thompson , who had been sent by sir ferdinando gorges as an early explorer and settler to new hampshire , and later settled on present-day thompson island in boston harbor .
33	history prior to the founding of yeshiva college in 1928 , riets , or yeshivat rabbeinu yitzchak elchanan ( the institutional name in its hebrew version , and as it appears on the seal of all affiliates of yeshiva university ) referred to both the talmudical academy ( mta ) and the post-high school yeshiva and semicha program .
7	these first kayaks were constructed from stitched seal or other animal skins stretched over a wood or whalebone-skeleton frame .
9	there 's evidence of paleolithic people killing and eating seal and elands as far as 100,000 years bp .
13	the name ` ko veta ' is engraved in brahmi script on a seal buried with the skeleton and is assigned by the excavators to the 3rd century bc .
18	future plans for the district include continuing to grow reindeer farming and related enterprises as well as developing seal fisheries .
41	in 1994 , the song '' how do you stop '' , that he co-wrote with dan hartman for james brown 's 1986 album gravity was covered by joni mitchell on her album turbulent indigo in a version featuring vocals by seal .
7	the island has large sand dune where seal and otter can be found .
1	history seal of ceps ( customs excise and preventive service ) .
16	festive clothing is commonly worn to the event , and highly decorated mukluk and parkas of seal , caribou , wolverine , wolf , and fox are abundant .
14	hel peninsula as seen from the tallest building in władysławowo kitesurfing , hel peninsula seal at the oceanography institute wooden house from circa 1850 , now a restaurant hel peninsula ( ; ; ; or putziger nehrung ) is a 35-km-long sand bar peninsula in northern poland separating the bay of puck from the open baltic sea .
5	it is often made from seal , or from whale , reindeer , or sea-birds .
8	history in 1876 the islands were granted a seal consisting of an image of hms hebe ( which brought many of the early british settlers to the islands , including richard moody , in the 1840s ) in falkland sound , overlooked by a bullock ( representing wild cattle which once roamed the islands ) .
45	durisdeer is often taken as an anglo - latin corruption of dorus doire , entrance to the wood or thicket ; but the word dair is also an old gaelic word for an oak , and this is probably why andrew had acorn on his seal .
7	the moravian church in the present the seal of the moravian church featuring the agnus dei .
10	uses an epdm rubber roof epdm rubber is used in seal ( for example , it is used in cold-room doors since it is an insulator , as well as in the face seals of industrial respirators in automotive paint spray environments , where silicone must be avoided ) .
28	beyond human habitation , the island 's diverse habitats are home to an assortment of flora and fauna , such as the golden eagle , red deer and seal and are recognized in a number of conservation areas .
28	heimdallr is said to be the originator of social class among humanity and once regained freyja 's treasured possession brísingamen while doing battle in the shape of a seal with loki .
17	and funeral for a friend , as well as pop artists prince , madonna , björk , seal , annie lennox and pet shop boys .
12	mike walden would often comment that safety equipment included '' genuine saskatchewan seal - skin bindings '' ( even though saskatchewan is landlocked ) .
7	with the special performances by will.i.am , seal & spice girls and the show was hosted by heidi klum .
7	other decorative touches include the city 's seal on brass doorknobs and intricately molded plaster cornice .
1	a seal at st. andrews sea life centre went missing in the strong waves , and a river in musselburgh overflowed .
30	they 've produced , remixed and or written for some of the hottest acts in pop music , including jay sean , britney spears , justin timberlake , beyoncé , seal , usher , birdman , blue cantrell , backstreet boys , alanis morissette , annie lennox , fabolous , janet jackson , and shakira .
9	predation at sea is insignificant though large shark and seal may rarely snatch a gannet out at sea .
11	food sources hunted meats : sea mammals such as walrus , seal , and whale .
128	the album features akon , ashanti , babyface , ben jelen , bilal , bonnie mckee , bonnie raitt , brandy , claudette ortiz , don yute , eric clapton , ellie lawson , emmylou harris , everclear , eve , fabolous , faith evans , farena , floetry , freckles , jadakiss , jamie foxx , jaheim , jon b , julia fordham , jurassic 5 , kristine w , lady saw , lenny kravitz , mary j. blige , marques houston , matt nathanson , mc lyte , monica , miri ben-ari , missy elliott , mr. north , musiq , mystic , nate dogg , of a revolution , omarion , raphael saadiq , rev run , res , russell simmons , $ 5 , seal , the latin kings , tracy edmonds , wayne wonder , wyclef jean and yoko ono .
1	his seal featured the figure of a drinking horn .
10	culleenamore is a diverse animal habitat , and also a seal sanctuary .
4	cobb records that a seal inscribed with the name of the fraternity of st clement ( later the worshipful company of founders ) was discovered in the garden behind egerton house .
12	leconte bay is a very steep-sided fjord that is home to a seal rookery and the terminus of leconte glacier .
11	monheim was awarded its town rights shortly after and the oldest seal of the town dates from 1340 .
7	he also started using a new personal seal that read tenka fubu ( 天下布武 ) , which means '' all the world by force of arms '' .
14	the main indigenous animals are insects along with large populations of ocean-going seabird , seal and penguins .
12	however , there were some 45 sealers operating in the area and seal were already becoming rare ( a mere two years after the discovery of the islands ) , and so he scouted for new hunting grounds .
8	a national emblem is an official emblem or seal reserved for use by a nation state as a symbol of that nation .
17	coat of arms the historic coat of arms of the rôtisseurs , upon which the current chaîne seal is based the original coat of arms consists of two crossed turning spit and four larding needles , surrounded by flames of the hearth on a shield .
13	the main sources of livelihood for the residents of this town are hunting seal , walrus , and whale , which is done as part of the municipal agricultural enterprise '' nanuk '' ( ) .
10	they have also done session work and/or wrote songs with seal , k.d . lang , joni mitchell , meshell ndegeocello , pearl jam , terence trent d'arby , lisa germano , lisa marie presley , liz phair , michael penn , grace jones , tricky , the three o'clock , uh huh her , sheryl crow , victoria williams , rob thomas , gwen stefani , skye edwards , scritti politti , nerina pallot , ok go , madonna , the like , nina gordon , fdeluxe , the family , doyle bramhall ii , nikka costa , andre cymone , kate earl , eric clapton , bettye lavette and more and vocals on the soundtrack for toys and their first scoring work , for dangerous minds .
15	other notable british artists in pop music include ; spice girls , george michael , seal , leona lewis , one direction , ed sheeran and robbie williams .
46	biography midnight has produced and written songs for more than 30 films including rocky iv , the bodyguard , bull durham , lizzie mcguire and ruthless people , as well as for such notable and varied artists as cher , billy joel , joni mitchell , seal , barbra streisand , britney spears , christina aguilera , james brown , chaka khan , joe cocker , the doobie brothers , '' weird al '' yankovic , jamey johnson , george thorogood , john waite , hilary duff , dan hartman and paul young .
17	ex - tusk was commissioned into the republic of china navy as hai pao ( meaning '' seal '' ) , first with hull number ss-92 , then ss-794 , and finally ss-792 .
13	the three songs mark had to perform were kiss from a rose by seal , billy joel 's tell her about it , and i can make you feel good by shalamar .
40	founded in october 1989 by joseph pigato , the group won the 1997 icca competition and notable performances include the 1996 olympic games , the white house , with 10-time grammy award winner bobby mcferrin in 2005 , and with seal in 2009 .
6	the writ was authenticated by a seal and gradually replaced the diploma as evidence of land tenure during the late anglo-saxon and early norman periods .
9	the inspiration for the dannebrog pennant was a 13th-century seal used by erik abelsøn , duke of schleswig .
1	the seal of bishop william de bondington .
18	the importance of the galley to the sea-kings of the crovan dynasty is illustrated in its implementation upon seal that certain members are known to have used .
32	at the height of her days at malmaison , joséphine had the company of kangaroos , emus , black swans , zebras , sheep , gazelles , ostriches , chamois , a seal , antelopes and llama to name a few .
41	background prior to the release of the album , cook was a songwriter , session musician and backing vocalist for other artists , and had worked with paul young , george michael , marc almond , frankie goes to hollywood , seal and gerry rafferty .
41	intraguild predation between sharks and toothed whales usually involves large sharks preying upon dolphin and porpoise while also competing with them for fish prey , but orca reverse this trend by preying upon large sharks while competing for large fish and seal prey .
16	if either party takes an appeal , the lower court produces a copy with a unique seal to authenticate the formal record .
25	particularly in summer , the nutrient-rich sea water supports an abundant planktonic life in turn providing food for larger species , such as fish , seal , whale , and sea - and shore - bird .
11	oudemans concluded that such creatures might be a previously unknown large seal , which he dubbed megophias megophias .
1	a seal of green wax is attached to the second charter is blazon a bend surmounted of a label of five points in chief , and reads in latin '' s gilecrist macnachten '' .
15	attractions the site also included , at various times , such exotic diversions as a seal pond , ostrich and the interestingly named house of trouble and cave of the winds .
13	they toured extensively with indie dance act the farm and provided support for seal on his uk tour .
21	on 23 april 2013 , monsieur adi announced on facebook and twitter that he was '' writing and producing music with seal , '' to which the british singer/songwriter later confirmed on twitter .
18	when they catch large prey , such as when the killer whale ( orcinus orca ) catches a seal , they bite off and swallow one chunk at a time .
16	his mother , empress wei , committed suicide after emperor wu sent messengers to seize her seal as a punishment of supporting her son 's uprising .
7	marduk was said to have put his seal on the tablets of destiny , while the israelite breastplate had a jewelled stone upon it for each of the israelite tribes , which may derive from the same principle .
55	productions directed since the late 1990s , lather has directed many large productions adding another stage to his director/choreographer career , directing world tours & live television performances for usher , p.diddy , mariah carey , rihanna , ciara , pussycat dolls , sean kingston , ashlee simpson , pharrell , gwen stefani , and seal .
13	these include canine distemper virus ( dog ) , phocine distemper virus ( seal ) , cetacean morbillivirus ( dolphin and porpoise ) newcastle disease virus ( birds ) and rinderpest virus ( cattle ) .
12	his name is denoted with the letters k and t in his seal .
12	one night when the frodis-water inhabitants were gathering for dinner , a seal 's head began to emerge from the floor .
31	in the animistic tradition of north-eurasian peoples , kutkh has a variety of interactions and altercations with wolf , fox , bear , wolverine , mouse , owl , dog , seal , walrus and a host of other spirits .
25	'' amoré ( sexo ) '' was such a smash that clive davis personally asked mendez to produce additional santana tracks with artists such as seal and nickelback .
13	adopted thirteen years after the country gained independence , it has been the seal of the republic of mali since 1973 .
7	endangered marine species include the dugong , seal , turtle , and whale .
16	description the lamp consists of a crescent-shaped cup of carved soapstone , filled with whale or seal blubber .
18	in an article by american songwriter , lawrence cites acts such as billy joel , elton john and seal as his biggest influences and inspirations .
11	the local economy consists largely of subsistence hunting for walrus , seal , fish , and bowhead whale ; the city calls itself the '' walrus capital of the world '' .
61	'' taylor has cited influences such as david bowie , metric , death cab , r.e.m , the decemberists , ambulance ltd , tegan and sarah , radiohead , robbie williams , elton john , belle and sebastian , elbow , inxs , garbage , muse , peter gabriel , queen , sufjan stevens , billy joel , yoko kanno , seal , and the police .
26	king edward showed his fellow englishman alan favor , and on 12 june 1291 , appointed him chancellor of scotland and handed over to him the seal of regency .
17	in 1862 argentine pilot luis piedrabuena established a shelter near port cook , and built a small seal oil extraction facility on the island .
8	ethnology while some copper inuit did not eat seal and caribou at the same meal , pallirmiut did , as did akuliakattagmiut , kangiryuarmiut , kogluktogmiut , nagyuktogmiut , noahonirmiut , and puiplirmiut .
12	moosel ( voiced by bill scott ) : half moose and half seal .
8	city logo the st. catharines logo ( or seal ) performs much the same function as a coat of arms .
54	the model asserts these people made the crossing in small boats , using skills similar to those of the modern inuit people : hauling out on ice floes at night ; collecting fresh water from melting icebergs or the first-frozen parts of sea ice ; hunting seals and fish for food ; and using seal blubber as heating fuel .
34	other animals appearing on the show included a chesapeake bay retriever named spray ( real name was chobee from okeechobee , florida ) ( seen only in a few early episodes ) , a seal , a baby elephant , alligator , a female albino dolphin ( whose baby flipper fathered during her only appearance , in the '' white dolphin '' episode ) ; and another female dolphin , introduced at the end of the second season , dubbed '' lorelei '' by the ricks family .
7	he has done mixing for artists including seal , art of noise and captain .
39	it is the last in a sequence of novels , chronologically started with the eagle of the ninth , loosely tracing a family of the roman empire , then britain , and finally norse-britain , who inherit an emerald seal ring bearing the insignia of a dolphin .
14	it concerned the mythical creature called the selkie ( in this case , a seal - woman ) .
2	the college seal , that was inlaid in the main floor of the administration building , was saved and is now on display on the grounds of former campus .
1	mammals seal frequent the islands , and whale may be seen in the surrounding waters .
6	the original document with the official seal of süchteln is in the national archives of france in paris .
18	he had been sealed near the great pyramids of giza until freed by the breaking of the combined seal in japan .
4	they shot and ate seal , walrus , and especially polar bear throughout the march .
11	monrose present their new single '' strike the match '' and seal performs two of his songs .
35	psychrobacter lutiphocae is a gram-negative , aerobic oxidase - and catalase - positive , non - spore - forming , non-motile bacterium from the genus of psychrobacter which was isolated from the faeces of a seal in schleswig-holstein in germany .
32	nikolay petrovich likhachyov ( ) , alternatively transliterated as likhachev ( 12 april 1862 14 april 1936 ) was the first and foremost russia sigillographer ( that is , an expert on seal ) who also contributed significantly to an array of auxiliary historical disciplines , including palaeography , epigraphy , diplomatics , genealogy , and numismatics .
11	magnus håkonsson ( the law-mender ) gave jämtland its first known seal 1274 .
14	the band was put on hold and eventually disbanded when harvin began touring with seal and prioritized the jazz project earl harvin trio .
9	'' love 's divine '' is a song by seal .
28	a decree from 1574 fixed the capacity of the mezzo quarto bottle , and established a public office that would certify the capacity of fiascos by a lead seal applied to the straw covering .
6	one example is the drinking of seal blood : '' inuit food generates a strong flow of blood , a condition considered to be healthy and indicative of a strong body .
30	the current crackers are bear , bison , camel , cougar , elephant , giraffe , gorilla , hippopotamus , hyena , kangaroo , lion , monkey , rhinoceros , seal , sheep , tiger , and zebra .
1	the seal of eric i , the first known example of the coat of arms of schleswig .
15	name sæl is the pre-1917 reform bokmål version of the norwegian word sel , meaning seal .
42	the main attractions in durness are smoo cave , a conjoined sea cave and freshwater cave with a small river running through it and a waterfall in wet weather , unspoilt beaches backed by cliffs , and the local sea bird , seal , porpoise and minke whale .
41	on 5 october 2011 , he celebrated his 35th birthday in a lavish fashion in the presence of several hollywood stars , including the actor jean-claude van damme and the actress hilary swank as well as british violinist vanessa-mae , singer seal and many others .
38	california ( uc berkeley ) gold this is a shade of gold identified by the university of california , berkeley in their graphic style guide for use in on-screen representations of the gold color in the university 's seal .
18	and rankin 's hunger tv other work mickey lightfoot have writing credits for producer adamski whos hits include seal 's chart topping record ' killer ' .
8	it is exhibited strongly in aquatic mammal ( seal , otter , dolphin , etc. ) , but exists in weaker versions in other mammals , including human , including babies up to 6 months old ( see infant swimming ) .
53	episodes i love 1990 broadcast : 18 august 2001 . presented by sheryl lee ( from twin peaks ) the episode features twin peaks mc hammer / vanilla ice supermodels volkswagen girl advert goodfellas vogueing creature comforts world cup 90 / gazza sinead o'connor - nothing compares 2 u the simpsons adamski / seal baywatch i love 1991 broadcast : 25 august 2001 . presented by vic reeves and bob mortimer .
22	sceale bay conservation park was proclaimed in june 2006 to aid in the protection of native flora and fauna , particularly the seal colony located in the bay .
13	airman applying caulk to baseboard caulking is one of several different processes to seal joints or seams in various structures and some types of piping .
36	despite the fish-like appearance , it is not either a fish or an amphibian , it can not breathe underwater and though a good swimmer , it needs to come up for air , like a seal , whale , polar bear or penguin .
38	impact on energy consumption air curtains can be used to save energy by reducing the heat transfer ( via mass transfer when air mixes across the threshold ) between two spaces , although a closed and well - seal physical door is much more effective .
7	'' we loved it '' ( featuring seal ) ( produced with jeff bhasker ) pusha t -- my name is my name 01 .
21	the few tourists who reach the mcmurdo sound find spectacular scenery with wildlife to be seen , including killer whale , seal , adelie penguin , and emperor penguin .
8	it is thus a device that provides a seal between a stationary supply passage ( such as pipe or tubing ) and a rotating part ( such as a drum , cylinder , or spindle ) to permit the flow of a fluid into and/or out of the rotating part .
5	the city also has a seal that can be seen in a few places in the inner city .
12	on the mikhelson rocks , not far from the island , live seal .
20	other artists he has produced include john howard , paul mccartney , tom jones , cher , grace jones , seal , propaganda , tina turner , lisa stansfield , pet shop boys , simple minds , eros ramazzotti , mike oldfield , marc almond , charlotte church , t.a.t.u. , leann rimes , genesis and belle & sebastian .
11	the first documented use of the flemish lion was on the seal of philip d'alsace , count of flanders of 1162 .
14	owned and operated by associated pleasure parks , the zoo had such attractions as seal , penguins , raccoon , pelican , chimpanzee , a whale , african elephant , tiger and an orangutan .
1	( seal ) ( 1963-1981 ) sold to stapletask ltd , sittingbourne , kent , england .
17	it also consumes foraminifer , amphipod , bryozoa , hydrozoa , polychaete worms and sponge and also seal faeces when available .
4	in 1556 , the seal of duncan mccorquodale of phantelane bore the legend , '' s. duncan .
11	producers such as trevor horn ( frankie goes to hollywood , seal , etc. ) , martin hannet ( the stone roses , joy division , etc. ) and arthur baker ( bruce springsteen , bob dylan , kraftwerk , al green ) all visited spirit to record and produce their work .
21	it has the sound of an early 1990s dance hit , and the song has been compared to the music by seal and adamski .
20	'' and t-pain 's '' i 'm in love with a stripper '' as well as prominent artists such as seal , johnny cash and more earning him awards and accolades as prestigious as both , international and american , 2004 remix artist of the year .
11	ken jeong as short fuse , an explosive and demolitions expert seal and a member of the north wind .
15	he has additionally produced , written for , or worked with multiple international artists including seal , corinne bailey rae , netherlands wind ensemble , emilie simon , holland baroque society , nolwenn leroy , nico muhly , and ane brun .
22	another image shows the pope and a number of bishops presenting a large papal bull , carrying a total of 11 ecclesiastic seal but no text .
16	it comprises material from 1995 to 2005 , with some soundtrack selections and a cover of seal 's '' crazy '' .
4	ragnall 's now non-existent seal , which pictured a knight on horseback , also indicates that he attempted to present himself as an up-to-date ruler , not unlike his anglo-french contemporaries of the bordering kingdom of scots .
22	despite all this , titan has a flourishing arctic ecosystem , apparently at the top of which is a clawed , blubbery seal - like native race of infant-like intelligence .
38	they also consume a range of invertebrates , including freshwater fairy shrimp ( brachinecta gaini ) , marine amphipod , diptera , small clam , nematode and snail , foraging in the intertidal zone and sometimes scavenging at seal carcasses .
5	holloway was apprenticed to a seal engraver named stent at a young age .
19	on march 10 , 2012 , the soul rebels shared the stage with kanye west , snoop dogg and seal at brad pitt 's night to make it right foundation new orleans after-party , hosted by comedian aziz ansari .
13	she decided to immediately proceed to the imperial palace and seize the imperial seal and summon dong .
8	it is used as a motto on the seal of lund university .
3	bolesław iii 's seal , dated to 1337 .
18	the wildlife here is limited to polar bear , arctic fox , caribou , hares , lemmings , seal , muskox , and migratory birds .
12	in old faroese folklore it was believed that on twelfth night the seal came out of the sea , stripped off their seal-skins and became human beings , dancing on the shore .
32	he is a prolific session musician and guitarist who has played on a large number of albums since the early 1980s with artists as varied as minoru niihara , joni mitchell , seal , michael jackson , james taylor , helen watson , richard marx , steve perry , pink floyd , roger daltrey , glenn frey , and miles davis .
3	traditional foods like seal , walrus , narwhal and caribou are consumed frequently .
9	in march 2013 it was announced as mentor to seal 's artists for the 2013 australian season of tv talent quest , the voice .
32	music video the music video for '' everything is everything '' was directed by sanji , who helmed critically acclaimed videos for artists such as macy gray , mary j. blige , seal and jennifer lopez .
11	the emperor gave gyatso a parting gift of an elaborate gold seal reading '' dalai lama , overseer of the buddhist faith on earth under the great benevolent self-subsisting buddha of the western paradise '' .
31	bay and lagoon the lagoon and bay of kalloni is a shallow , rich wetland that hosts a stupendous variety of aquatic and avian life , including flamingo , porpoise and seal .
6	this would become the de facto seal of unovis and took the place of individual names or initials .
4	azarashi chap - a seal .
7	they are populated by large numbers of seal and bird species .
6	origin of the earls of lancaster seal of edmund crouchback after the supporters of henry iii of england suppressed opposition from the english nobility in the second barons ' war , henry granted to his second son edmund crouchback the titles and possessions forfeited by attainder of the barons ' leader , simon de montfort , 6th earl of leicester , including the earldom of leicester , on 26 october 1265 .
11	march 2 congress proclaims the entire bering sea , an important seal breeding area , to be under us control .
41	les mots ( 2001 -- 2003 ) at the end of 2001 , and seventeen years into her career , universal issued farmer 's first greatest hits collection : les mots whose title track and lead single , a duet with seal , became an enormous hit .
27	anthony callea , vanessa amorosi and former pussycat dolls member ashley roberts all publicly expressed interest in coaching roles , however delta goodrem , keith urban , seal and joel madden were ultimately confirmed as the four coaches for the first series .
21	he collaborated with top songwriters such as ty lacy and steve power , and recorded duets with both bryan adams and seal .
11	in old english law , a cocket was a custom house seal ; or a certified document given to a shipper as a warrant that his goods have been duly entered and have paid duty .
5	possible changes in design the seal of john moidartach ( from 1572 ) .
6	most are covered by a or seal on the outside for weatherproofing .
11	he was also the first catalonian count to have his own seal , imitating the carolingian emperors and the frankish kings in style .
28	in 2001 , boutonnat directed his first video for farmer since '' beyond my control '' , her hit single '' les mots '' that she recorded with seal .