12	it is similar to the ichnogenus aquatilavipes , but has a thicker digit iii impression and is more asymmetrical .
5	a bit is a binary digit that represents one of two states .
34	questions that are frequently asked in this exam are fraction , subtraction , multiplication , division , addition , area and volume , mass , perimeter , decimal points , average , data , digit number , percent , money , time , date and .
10	similarly , telephone numbers are routinely expected to include the digit and possibly the characters + , - , ( , and ) ( plus , minus , and parentheses ) .
42	a man pointing at a woman during an argument the index finger , ( also referred to as forefinger , pointer finger , trigger finger , digitus secundus , digitus ii , and ) , is the first finger and the second digit of a human hand .
39	the other options are digitigrade , walking on the toe with the heel and wrist permanently raised , and unguligrade , walking on the nail or nails of the toes ( the hoof ) with the heel/wrist and the digit permanently raised .
14	representation introduction a rational number is represented in quote notation as a sequence of digit with a quote mark and radix point .
7	analogous to a bit , a ternary digit is a trit ( tr inary dig it ) .
11	two dice of different colors are typically used for the two digit to represent numbers from 00 to 99 .
14	morphology pronycticebus neglectus possessed what appears to be a grooming claw on the second digit of each foot like modern strepsirhine ( fleagle , 1999 ) and had a dental formula of 2 : 1 : 4 : 3 .
2	in gangrenous digit , amputation is frequently required .
17	a serial computer is typified by bit-serial architecture -- i.e. , internally operating on one bit or digit for each clock cycle .
6	for example , there were five digit on each hand and four on each foot .
7	the four-toed jerboa hind-limbs have an extra digit compared to other jerboas in the allactaga genus .
5	the thumb is the last digit of the hand .
42	the polydactyly in these largely aquatic animal is not to be confused with polydactyly in the medical sense , i.e. it was not an anomaly in the sense it was not a congenital condition of having more than the typical number of digit for a given taxon .
28	vampire numbers and other mathematical highlights in mathematics , a vampire number or true vampire number is a composite natural number v , with an even number of digit n , that can be factored into two integers x and y each with n / 2 digits and not both with trailing zeroes , where v contains all the digits from x and from y , in any order .
25	their mechanical design was very unusual in that their result dials ( sums , differences , and products ) moved at speeds proportional to the digit in the corresponding column of the keyboard .
22	a redundant binary representation ( rbr ) is a numeral system that uses more bits than needed to represent a single binary digit so that most numbers have several representations .
1	each digit had a first segment , the metacarpal , lying in the palm region .
36	research an example of her work is a lifelike robotic hand , modeled bone-by-bone from a human hand , with multiple motors each corresponding to muscle and with strings playing the role of tendon along each digit .
33	verbal arithmetic , also known as alphametics , cryptarithmetic , crypt-arithmetic , cryptarithm or word addition , is a type of mathematical game consisting of a mathematical equation among unknown number , whose digit are represented by letter .
4	a dewclaw is a digit -- vestigial in some animals -- on the foot of many mammal , bird , and reptile ( including some extinct orders , like certain theropod ) .
7	the limb are well developed with long digit and sharp claw .
8	digital clock display the time in periodically changing digit on a digital display .
10	andrus point ( ) is a prominent , rocky , digit - like headland that juts eastward into lady newnes bay toward the floating glacier tongue of the parker glacier , in victoria land .
7	land-line ( fixed-line ) numbers start with digit 2 , followed by 1 or 2 digits area code that corresponds to a geographic area .
9	acral fibrokeratoma ( also known as an '' acquired digit fibrokeratoma , '' and '' acquired periungual fibrokeratoma '' ) is characterized by a pinkish , hyperkeratotic , hornlike projection occurring on a finger , toe , or palm .
30	some evolutionary anatomist use the term hand to refer to the appendage of digits on the forelimb more generally -- for example , in the context of whether the three digit of the bird hand involved the same homologous loss of two digits as in the dinosaur hand .
9	modern electronic calculators contain a keyboard with buttons for digit and arithmetical operations .
53	some children who can not read may lack the underlying intellectual ability to associate a word ( i.e. , a series of graphical figures ) with its meaning ( i.e. , a semantic unit ) ; and some children who can not perform arithmetic may lack the underlying intellectual ability to associate a digit ( a numeric unit ) with its meaning ( a symbolic unit ) .
25	multiple-instance learning was originally proposed under this name by , but earlier examples of similar research exist , for instance in the work on handwritten digit recognition by .
41	this requires more than just a simple font ; mailing list must be standardized with up-to-date coding accuracy support system ( cass ) - certified software that adds and verifies a full , correct zip +4 code and an additional two digit representing the exact delivery point .
7	many maintain that it is easier for digit to be reduced or lost during evolution than the reverse , however there is no evidence for this .
22	some other genera , such as neoseps , have reduced limbs , lacking forelegs , and with fewer than five toe ( digit ) on each foot .
13	a finger is a limb of the human body and a type of digit , an organ of and found in the hand of human and other primate .
29	close-up of a ruffed lemur 's foot , showing the toilet-claw on the second toe and nails on all other toes like all primates , lemurs have five divergent digit with nail ( in most cases ) on their hands and feet .
24	identification the term license plate is the official term used by the iata , the airlines , and the airports for the 10 - digit numeric code on a bag tag issued by a carrier or handling agent at check-in .
23	in computing and electronic systems , binary-coded decimal ( bcd ) is a class of binary encodings of decimal numbers where each decimal digit is represented by a fixed number of bit , usually four or eight , although other sizes ( such as six bits ) have been used historically .
32	in mathematics , trailing zeros are a sequence of 0 in the decimal representation ( or more generally , in any positional representation ) of a number , after which no other digit follow .
2	the last digit ( number 5 ) was long .
10	vulgar fraction with 3 in the denominator have a single digit repeating sequences in their decimal expansions , ( .000 ... , .333 ... , .666 ... ) a natural number is divisible by three if the sum of its digits in base 10 is divisible by 3 .