8	he is a star god accompanied by a crane and a turtle , which are considered to be symbols of longevity , and also sometimes accompanied by a black deer .
18	1 japanese voice actor : yasunori matsumoto english voice actor : kirk thornton kabuki actor-faced shinma with a crane wing on each of his lower back legs .
22	animal life the trail is home to numerous forms of wildlife , among them : bird , such as blue herons , crane , woodpecker , red-tailed hawk , and peregrine falcon .
3	auk cock cormorant crane dove duck without beak or legs is called the merlette eagle , usually displayed , i.e. with wings spread alerion : eagle without beak or feet double-headed eagle falcon goose gull or seagull hawk heron magpie : otton de cazeneuve bore '' or , three magpies sable '' at falkirk .
10	fionn arrived at tara , armed with his father 's crane - skin bag of magical weapons .
8	among the animals , the gibbon and the crane were considered experts at inhaling the qi .
7	legend says that wiisagejaak ( the '' crane manidoo '' ) used to hunt for food , found '' big beaver '' that lived on the pipestone river and chased '' big beaver '' and its baby beaver to this area .
10	most commonly , they are placed in the gruiformes ( crane , rail and allies ) , but this has been disputed in more recent times .
10	the genus name is derived from greek geranos , '' crane '' , a reference to the bird-like hind-limb .
13	dedicated to the study and conservation of the world 's 15 species of crane , the organization engages in conservation research , public education , and international conservation efforts .
10	the tornadoes killed two people who were caught on construction crane when the tornado hit .
23	nck later was sold to robert maxwell 's media group as part of a wider deal , but maxwell was not interested in crane and nck became inactive .
4	march 15 a construction crane falls on a residential building in manhattan , killing four people and injuring at least 17 .
5	william armstrong 's first hydraulic crane is erected at newcastle upon tyne in england .
18	if this occurs then the player 's vehicle is hoisted back onto the track ( by a nearby crane ) which costs valuable time .
7	rcs applications robocrane - rcs controlled a crane having six degrees of freedom .
17	his business became the oldest family owned construction equipment distributor in the united states and the largest crane dealer in the southeast .
14	buffalo ) : the bpz3 armoured recovery vehicle includes both a bulldozer and a crane with integral winch , allowing it to approach damaged vehicles , even over rough and fought-over terrain , and tow them to safety .
66	in prison , his life was spared at the insistence of roman karmen , the soviet propagandist who directed all the main sequences illustrating the battle , from the viet minh raising the red flag over general de castries 's bunker staged a few weeks after the siege , to the french union pow column marching from dien bien phu to the re-education camp ( a crane was used for the shooting ) , that are featured in вьетнам ( '' vietnam '' , 1955 ) .
12	most , if not all , previous designs for military bridges required crane to lift the pre-assembled bridge and lower it into place .