26	double agents some people listed here are not true double agents ( as defined above ) , but rather ( single ) agents working as a mole within an intelligence organization .
1	each mole has been planted by the rival organization to gain an advantage in intelligence over the other side .
16	he reported that he cooperated fully with the americans , eventually agreeing to serve as a mole for the cia , first in guantanamo bay detention camp , and later in bosnia , where he was tasked to win the trust of arab veterans of the bosnian war of independence .
4	alcoholic fermentation converts one mole of sucrose into four moles of ethanol and four moles of carbon dioxide , producing two moles of atp in the process .
12	topics are usually covered earlier than normal ; for example , the mole is introduced in year 1 rather than in year 3 , some kinematics in year 1 instead of year 5 , and molecular biology and genetics in year 4 instead of year 6 .
8	it is fixed by the definitions of the mole and of relative atomic mass .
20	it is one of the dishes most commonly served during taquizas ( taco parties ) , together with tinga , mole , chicharrón , and papas con chorizo .
23	food and festivals dishes of the area include mixiote , tlacoyo with fava beans , pinto beans and requeson , cecina , green mole with chicken or pork , and pork in chile mulato but a very local specialty is tamal with capulin ( a type of cherry ) and corn .
32	some items typical of latin american cuisine include maize - based dishes ( tortilla , tamale , pupusa ) and various salsas and other condiments ( guacamole , pico de gallo , mole ) .
13	bestiae is a defunct taxon that contained pig , armadillo , hedgehog , mole , shrew , and opossum .
21	eileen roberts eileen ( voiced by minty lewis , a writer/storyboard artist for the series ) is a shy and timid mole who works at a local coffee shop , previously alongside margaret smith .
41	i , ii mammal ; ; insectivore erinaceus europaeus praeglacialis brunner ( preglaciation european hedgehog ) sorex minutus linnaeus ( eurasian pygmy shrew ) sorex runtonensis ( hinton ) pachyura etrusca ( savi ) talpa minuta freudenberg ( a genus of mole ) the skull of petralona .
21	system details the initial connection across the bay to san francisco was by ferryboat via a causeway and pier ( '' mole '' ) , extending from the end of yerba buena avenue in oakland , california westward 16,000 feet ( 4,900 m ) to a ferry terminal near yerba buena island .
7	when the russians occupied trabzon , a mole was built .
5	when they arrive at the mole there , soldiers begin scrambling onto the boat , but michael must dive underwater to free the propeller from a corpse which has become entangled with it .