15	the analogous dutch word '' romp '' does however have the literal meaning of '' trunk '' and is therefore a more obvious metaphor for such a remnant .
35	description f. cupressoides is the largest tree species in south america , normally growing to 40 -- 60 m , but occasionally more than 70 m in argentina , and up to 5 m in trunk diameter .
37	the leaf bases of some pinnate leaved palms ( most notable being roystonea regia or the royal palm but also including the families areca , wodyetia and pinanga ) form a sheath at the top of the trunk surrounding the bud where all the subsequent leaves are formed .
18	in 1986 , a taiwan truck driver first cultivated five small trees in a single flowerpot with their trunk braid .
13	shortly afterward grandma cinthy shows alex a large cross-section disc cut from the trunk of a redwood tree in california , and she explains it to him .
50	) in most vehicles , the glove compartment closes with a latch , with the option of being locked with a key ( often desirable when using valet service , or when parking while the convertible top is down , or when the compartment contains a mechanism to open the trunk ) .
13	some have speculated that the muscle attachments were for a proboscis , or trunk , much like that of a tapir or elephant .
1	the trunk reaches in length and in diameter .
10	growing up to in height and in diameter , the trunk is straight and cylindrical , with reddish-gray bark .
26	while other manufacturers in america at the time offered a/c on some models , their air conditioning units were driven by a large and heavy , trunk mounted expander and heat exchanger that carried the air into the car via clear plastic tubes and out through ceiling mounted vents .
32	when it was uprooted and felled by a storm in 1905 , its mass was at least 3,630 short tons , 3.3 million kilograms , or 7.26 million pounds ; and its trunk volume was at least 2,550 cubic meters ( 90,000 cubic feet ) .
49	common ash ( fraxinus excelsior ) , a deciduous broad-leaved ( angiosperm ) tree european larch ( larix decidua ) , a conifer tree which is also deciduous lepidodendron , an extinct lycophyte tree in botany , a tree is a perennial plant with an elongated stem , or trunk , supporting branches and leaves in most species .
11	the gray or brown bark is smooth - lenticel and the trunk is thick .
34	measuring diameter to measure the diameter of a tree , the diameter tape ( diameter side facing user ) is wrapped around the tree , in the plane perpendicular to the axis of the trunk at above ground .
22	the x-coupe was a crossover coupe , it featured an aluminium body , a 3.0 litre turbo - diesel engine , a trunk opening downwards , two opening conventional doors that swing outward and large tire and large rims .
1	the trunk is longer than in other prosimians because they have 15 -- 16 thoracic vertebrae , compared to 12 -- 14 in other prosimians .
13	description wiliwili trees grow to a height of with a gnarled and stout trunk that reaches in diameter .
39	the type and only known specimen is an articulated , but very incomplete individual , deformed and elongated , consisting of a large , incomplete , tubercle-covered head , a long , beak-like rostrum , and some of the trunk , with a total length of 18 centimeters .
32	they are often more bulky than slalom/polo vests , but are usually cut short at the front to allow the paddler to lean further forward despite the thicker foam and allow good trunk rotation for quick turns .
18	diameter at breast height , or dbh , is a standard method of expressing the diameter of the trunk or bole of a standing tree .
32	ekmanianthe actinophylla is a smaller tree , to in height , and it occurs in western cuba where it is known as '' roble caimán '' , for the resemblance of its trunk bark to the hide of a caiman .
43	despite lee eun-ju 's prior experience with depicting sex and nudity in virgin stripped bare by her bachelors ( 2000 ) , she came under the scrutiny of korean press and netizen , for the highly emotional sex scenes and the notorious '' trunk scene '' in the scarlet letter which is regarded as '' one of the most shocking and intense scenes in the history of korean film .
14	it is commonly found in the form of a rounded outgrowth on a tree trunk or branch that is filled with small knots from dormant buds .
27	the robinsons claimed that a product defect in the car led to the injuries they sustained specifically , the audi 's gas tank was located beneath the trunk , in an area that the robinsons claimed was susceptible to being punctured and igniting in a rear-end collision .
8	the branch droop from a single , central trunk as the tree matures and is often pruned in human agriculture to optimize tree density and ease of fruit harvest .
5	it has a relatively short trunk and a deep , dense crown .
9	epicormic buds under the often thick bark of the trunk and branch are ready to sprout new stem and leaves after a fire .
18	such plants usually grow into fairly erect shrubs ; and sometimes the main stem thickens to become a trunk , resulting in a small tree .
1	the trunk is used as a source of resin .
14	description pinus halepensis is a small to medium-size tree , tall , with a trunk diameter of up to , exceptionally up to .
14	the stem has distinctive horizontal marks , or scar , which often encircle the trunk .
1	the trunk diameter above the buttress root is .
9	structure location surface projections of the organs of the trunk , showing kidneys at the level of t12 to l2 .
21	its leaves are different from the leaves of true palms , and unlike true palms it does not develop a woody trunk .
7	prosthetics for children without substantial hip and trunk control is usually abandoned in favor of faster and easier wheelchair mobility as the child 's weight and age increases .
12	their arms and legs are nearly equal in length , and their trunk is long , allowing them to twist and extend to nearby branches .
68	spinal polio the location of motor neuron in the anterior horn cells of the spinal column spinal polio , the most common form of paralytic poliomyelitis , results from viral invasion of the motor neurons of the anterior horn cells , or the ventral ( front ) grey matter section in the spinal column , which are responsible for movement of the muscles , including those of the trunk , limbs , and the intercostal muscle .
23	the young plant grows straight upwards and has the form of a narrow cone with branches going out along the length of the trunk .
15	on front-engined saloon/sedans , measuring rear overhang is helpful in predicting the size of the trunk .
15	the jumping cholla is an arborescent ( tree - like ) plant with one low-branching trunk .
15	the species has a habit of a low growing somewhat pendulant shrub with a thickened trunk and a densely branch crown composed of numerous branches .
30	the lack of cargo space in the prowler was universally lamented , so the howler addressed this by elongating and squaring off the back end , creating a moderate sized trunk .
50	process a complete restoration includes not only repair of the parts that can be seen -- the body , trim , chrome , wheels , and the passenger compartment -- but also the components that are not necessarily visible or otherwise evident , including the engine and engine compartment , trunk , frame , driveline , and all ancillary parts like the brakes , accessories , engine cooling system , electrical system , etc. repairs are made to correct obvious problems , as well as for cosmetic reasons .
25	the upper extremity , proximal extremity or superior epiphysis of the femur is the part of the femur closes to the pelvic bone and the trunk .
18	on july 27 , 1964 , vandals cut off the tree 's branch and all but of its trunk using hacksaw .
4	most occur on the trunk , thigh , and forearm , although they may be found anywhere in the body where fat is located .
21	after waiting out the winter months , the nourishment they had received from the nquƭ prior to their overwintering increased their trunk growth .
65	it is loosely connected by areolar tissue to the aponeurosis of the obliquus externus abdominis , but in the midline it is more intimately adherent to the linea alba and to the pubic symphysis , and is prolonged on to the dorsum of the penis , forming the fundiform ligament ; above , it is continuous with the superficial fascia over the rest of the trunk ; below and laterally , it blends with the fascia lata of the thigh a little below the inguinal ligament ; medially and below , it is continued over the penis and spermatic cord to the scrotum , where it helps to form the dartos .
34	eucalyptus radiata , commonly known as the narrow-leaved peppermint or forth river peppermint , is a medium to tall tree to 30 m high ( rarely 50 m ) with persistent bark on the trunk and larger branches or persistent to smaller branches .
15	description acerola is an evergreen shrub or small tree with spreading branches on a short trunk .
13	unlike the bmw x5 , the x-coupe had an aluminium body , a trunk opening downwards and two doors that swing outward .
51	some familiar analogies are : blood distribution to a large number of cell over a system of veins , arteries and capillaries water distribution by a drip irrigation system to individual plants , including river , aqueducts , water mains , etc. nourishment to a plant 's leaves through root , trunk and branches .
10	it is an arborescent ( tree-like ) species with a trunk up to 4 m tall , frequently producing suckers ( vegetative offshoots ) .
10	description roscheria melanochaetes is a slow growing palm , the trunk reaches 8 m in height at 8 cm in diameter , usually straight , featuring distinctive rings near the crown .
3	its unusual square-looking trunk spared it from felling when most of the large kauri trees in the area were logged during the late 19th century .
4	findings of betula pubescens trunk and branch in the soil , dated to ca 2300 b.c. , and the abundance of corylus pollen in deep layers , suggest that at least some local stands of birch and hazel trees were present in the faroe islands , prior to human settlement .
3	the car 's trunk capacity was also large , offering of cargo space .
7	the tree usually forms a single upright trunk with lateral branches .
21	in the uncensored version , stan is shown drinking at the wheel of the car before showing dido struggling in the trunk of the car .
17	reflections modelled every part of the car separately ( tire , car door , car light , trunk , etc. ) and then they 've combined it all together into a single vehicle .
7	līc : ' body ' , ' trunk ' .
23	grape vines and their canopies in viticulture , the canopy of a grapevine includes the parts of the vine visible aboveground - the trunk , cordon , stem , leaves , flowers , and fruit .
13	it is similar to other rough sharks in having a stout , high trunk , a dorsally depressed head , and two sail-like dorsal fin with deeply embedded spines .
7	other differences include the '' scepter '' trunk garnish , fender marker lights , some options , and interior trim .
18	this major re-design saw the addition of an external decklid ( previous models only allowed access to the trunk through the rear seat back ) and vent windows .
16	a continental tire is an upright , external , mounted spare tire behind an automobile 's trunk compartment .
6	development section of a developing vertebrate trunk showing the dorsolateral ( red ) and ventromedial ( blue ) routes of chromatoblast migration during vertebrate embryonic development , chromatophores are one of a number of cell types generated in the neural crest , a paired strip of cells arising at the margins of the neural tube .
9	surface landmarks surface projections of the organs of the trunk , from which organ locations are derived mainly from vertebra levels , rib and the ilium .
12	currently the vehicle lacks features such as a storage compartment ( i.e. trunk or glove compartment ) , and the protection against bad weather is inadequate .
2	the single trunk is spiny and forks at a height of .
13	the teddy-bear cholla is an erect plant , standing tall with a distinct trunk .
9	during forced expiration for speech , muscles of the trunk and abdomen reduce the size of the thoracic cavity by compressing the abdomen or pulling the rib cage down forcing air out of the lungs .
18	they grow to heights of up to 25 m , or some species to 40 m. their stout trunk are up to 1 m in diameter .
37	the other changes were minor ( e.g. a slight modification to the extruded aluminum grille , a front sway bar made standard on six-cylinder models , and an optional black vinyl roof cover that continued over the trunk opening ) .
33	background information the coconut palm cocos nucifera grows up to tall , with pinnate leaves long , and pinnae 60 -- 90 cm long ; old leaves break away cleanly , leaving the trunk smooth .
8	the compost pile is embedded on the tree trunk or banana stalks , with a pale erected in the middle .
21	whatever the case , the support must be very sturdy , because mature wisteria can become immensely strong with heavy wrist-thick trunk and stem .
18	it is usually found as a shrub or a small tree about 1 m tall with a straight trunk and pyramidal crown , which branches from the base .
15	after brooks picked up his accomplice woody loudres , they put the mechanic in the trunk of the car and brooks and loudres drove to a motel .
11	many vehicles also display their vehicle number on their roof or trunk ( boot ) lid , to be identifiable from the air .
12	digitales volares propriæ ; collateral digital arteries ) the arteries of the trunk the descending aorta the thoracic aorta ( ) thoracic aorta thoracic aorta : peculiarities of : branches of the thoracic aorta visceral pericardial branches ( rami pericardiaci ) bronchial arteries ( aa .
9	they are commonly drawn together sitting on a fallen trunk .
8	the gas flap was built so that the trunk could be added to the total cargo area of the delorean .
16	it grows to heights of up to 25 metres some species 40 m. and have stout trunk up to 1 metre in diameter .
1	the trunk is covered with fibrous matting .
13	description the trees typically reach 40 meters in height and 1.8 meters in trunk diameter .
35	the , '' out of time '' , reveals in a flashback that eric had , in the past , discovered a bmw that had been dumped in the everglades with a body in the trunk and called detective caine .
23	the live crown is the top part of a tree , the part that has green leaves ( as opposed to the bare trunk , bare branches , and dead leaves ) .
20	function the serratus posterior inferior draws the lower ribs backward and downward to assist in rotation and extension of the trunk .
37	description coconut flowers plant cocos nucifera is a large palm , growing up to tall , with pinnate leaves long , and pinnae 60 -- 90 cm long ; old leaves break away cleanly , leaving the trunk smooth .
22	a bomb that was visible on the backseat of the car had been defused , but when a police officer opened the trunk of the alfa romeo , a second bomb exploded .
16	botany ackee is an evergreen tree that grows about 10 metres tall , with a short trunk and a dense crown .
18	the same architecture is applied at the rear , with a deep bumper , a clamshell - shaped trunk lid that envelops over the flanks , dual exhaust pipes and tail lamps .
29	dunnigan-type familial partial lipodystrophy , abbreviated as ( fpld ) , is a rare monogenic form of insulin resistance characterized by loss of subcutaneous fat from the extremities , trunk , and gluteal region .
10	the plant uniquely grows hanging upside down off a larger trunk or branch of a larger tree , often in rather cool and dry forest environments at of elevation .
3	tokyo preferred big trunk out of proportion and did not approve of kyoto 's finely designed slender trunks .
25	the crown of a woody plant ( tree , shrub , liana ) is the branch , leaves , and reproductive structures extending from the trunk or main stems .
30	it is a small to medium sized deciduous tree , growing to 10 -- 15 m ( rarely to 18 m ) tall often with multiple stem and/or low branching trunk .
1	its trunk is bottle-shaped , generally bulging in its lower third , measuring up to in girth .
8	) feathers sprouting from the top of the trunk at odd angles .
10	observing the fossils , notharctus tenebrosus had long hindlimb , trunk , and tail .
11	pua ala reaches a height of and has a succulent , trunk - like stem that tapers from the base .
2	nyssa aquatica trunk have a swollen base that tapers up to a long , clear bole , and its root system is periodically under water .
1	its trunk is short and quickly divides up into ramification .
4	the species favors the trunk of trees , where it feeds as a saprotroph , causing white rot .
8	symptoms include bleeding canker on the tree 's trunk and dieback of the foliage , in many cases eventually leading to the death of the tree .
9	the anterior rami supply the antero-lateral parts of the trunk and the limbs .
9	the flower are produced in clusters directly on the trunk and older branches ; this is known as cauliflory .
20	in botany , ramification is the divergence of the stem and limbs of a plant into smaller ones , i.e. trunk into branch , branches into increasingly smaller branches , etc. .
36	in the case of the three-box form , there is a '' box '' delineating a separate volume from the a-pillar forward , a second box comprising the passenger volume , and third box comprising the trunk area e.g. , a sedan .
10	it is an elusive species and scrambles around on the trunk of trees and is capable of jumping in a lizard-like manner when disturbed .
14	this gives the prosector , a pathologist or assistant , maximum exposure to the trunk .
8	it generally has a short , often twisted trunk and spreading branch .
7	on the basis of the structure of trunk and fructification he divided plants into fifteen '' higher genera '' .
10	however , as the overall length remained the same , trunk capacity was slightly reduced .
7	other criticisms include the lack of a trunk , rear window , spare tire and radio , and the way the car 's engine was limited or '' drugged '' .
20	most of the fungi are saprophyte , but a few are damaging to foliage , produce canker , or cause trunk or root rot .
12	within it , in a field of azure , there is a trunk with an splitting axe encrusted in it , symbol of the colonist who built the town .
2	the single trunk is straight and often continues for the entire height of the tree , although sometimes splits into several large limbs once the canopy has been breached .
15	then he stops and looks at the base of the tree , right where the trunk comes up from the ground .
41	qing he et al . of the obesity research center at columbia university did a study on '' fat distribution '' of 358 prepubertal children and the study said that asians had less gynoid fat than african american and more relative trunk fat than caucasians , but less relative extremity fat than caucasians .
28	keratoderma blennorrhagicum ( also called keratoderma blennorrhagica ) are skin lesions commonly found on the palms and soles but which may spread to the scrotum , scalp and trunk .
20	in trees , heart rot is a fungal disease that causes the decay of wood at the center of the trunk and branch .
2	inside the trunk and root of the plant is a soapy substance high in saponin .
34	a tree house in the park of the château de langeais in the loire valley , france tree houses or tree forts are platforms or building constructed around , next to or among the trunk or branch of one or more mature tree while above ground level .
13	dysplastic nevi can be found anywhere , but are most common on the trunk in men , and on the calves in women .
8	surface projections of the major organs of the trunk , using the vertebral column and rib cage as main reference points of superficial anatomy .
15	scoring the scale comprises three categories : five general facets four lower extremity facets seven trunk , head and upper extremity facets each item has a score range from 0 ( good function ) to 3 ( poor function ) .
11	the dance itself consists of quick rhythmic moves especially with the trunk or upper body .
10	the aerial stem of an adult tree is called a trunk .
18	description t. collina is a small to medium tree , up to in height and up to in trunk diameter .
21	'' function the major function of the gluteus maximus is to extend the flexed thigh and bring it inline with the trunk .
5	the table is sorted by trunk volume , ignoring wood in the branches of the tree .
21	a branch collar is the attached structure in woody plant that connects a branch to its parent branch or to the trunk .
17	fossils of pterichtyodes showing eyes positioned on the direct of the head and a '' ventrally flattened trunk shield '' suggest that it was a '' bottom dweller '' , living at the bottom of lakes , where it might have crawled using its pectoral appendages .
4	while grapevines have woody trunk , the weight of a vine 's leafy canopy and grape clusters will often bring the vine 's cordon or '' arms '' down towards the ground unless it receives some form of support .
8	the scientists discovered a large cavity in the trunk of the tree , measuring in height by in diameter .
8	png surface projections of the organs of the trunk , with transpyloric plane labeled at l1 image : gray1034 .
6	many cars have lights in the trunk ( or boot ) , the engine compartment , and the glovebox and other storage compartments .
20	anatomical focus lengthens the extensor muscles of the leg and the deep psoas muscles that connect the legs to the trunk .
8	after his arrest , police discovered in the trunk of kraft 's vehicle a coded list depicting cryptic references to his victims , leading kraft to becoming known as the scorecard killer in addition to the freeway killer .
7	oak finds police issue guns in the trunk of one man 's car , including one that belonged to calvess , and he beats both men until tellis tells him to get csi tools from the car .
27	it has a distinctive appearance which is alluded to in its name ; the long white fringes of hair the run along each side of its black trunk are known as a mantle .
9	the west virginia state champion bur oak has a trunk diameter of almost 3 m ( 9 feet ) .
24	the term is also applied to the smaller stamped panels that form the floors inside a vehicle as well as the bottom of the trunk .
23	fructification ( ) are the generative parts of the plant ( flower and fruit ) ( as opposed to its vegetative parts : trunk , root and leaves ) .
43	looking up into the branch structure of a pinus sylvestris tree a branch ( or , ) or tree branch ( sometimes referred to in botany as a ramus ) is a woody structural member connected to but not part of the central trunk of a tree ( or sometimes a shrub ) .
11	tree the phulwara is a medium-size deciduous tree with a straight trunk .
3	instead of a trunk at the back of the car , the terranaut features an air lock drawer , which allows easy and safe access to clinical samples placed in the air lock drawer by someone on the outside by a lab analyst still inside the car .
13	it is dioecious , and the female trees bear fruit directly on the trunk and large branches .
11	the altar stone of the church rests on a walnut tree trunk imported from arona , italy .
31	this concept vehicle was a multi-purpose vehicle ( mpv ) with rear-hinged-doors , that addressed the needs of families , with a roomy cabin in a compact package and a large trunk .
1	the trunk is unbuttressed , straight and with little taper .
22	the sl opened up the apollo range with remote exterior mirrors , intermittent windscreen wipers , heated rear screen demister , remote trunk release for sedans and fuel filler door , a two-speaker radio cassette player and tinted side and rear glass .
1	the trunk is straight and cylindrical with fissures and flaking bark .
25	description european hornbeam seed catkins it is a small to medium-size tree reaching heights of , rarely , and often has a fluted and crooked trunk .
13	metroxylon paulcoxii can attain a height of 10 m , with a non-branching trunk up to 45 cm in diameter .
18	it is a deciduous large shrub or small tree growing to 8 -- 15 m tall with a trunk up to 50 cm diameter .
9	description mature shumard oak typically reach heights of , trunk diameter is typically , and crown width typically reaches in width .
9	the corpse was found that same day in the trunk of a red renault 4 in via michelangelo caetani in the historic center of rome .
10	the talipariti elatum tree is quite attractive with its straight trunk , broad green leaves and hibiscus - like flower .
16	fuel supply was via a single weber adf twin - choke carburettor , fed from a trunk mounted steel fuel tank .
18	png the vertebrae may be used as vertical reference points for the locations of the organs of the trunk , taken from the middle of the vertebral body .
18	the drug officer walked his drug-sniffing dog around caballes ' car , and the dog alerted at the trunk .