5	banco falabella is a chilean bank .
23	sir james henderson-stewart , 1st baronet , ( originally james henderson stewart , 6 december 1897 3 september 1961 ) was a british bank , army officer and politician .
12	indymac , a contraction of independent national mortgage corporation was an american bank based in california that failed in 2008 and was seized by the united states federal deposit insurance corporation ( fdic ) .
8	after falling into financial problems , the funding bank forced the company to put together its operations with the neighbouring competitor o/y autokoritehdas ; this lead to foundation of o/y suomen autoteollisuus a/b .
21	acette provides technology strategy consulting services , enterprise application integration services , information technology enabled services and value-added reseller services to bank and other financial services companies , industrial companies , trading houses and government organizations in asia , and africa .
6	the village also has a commercial bank , an insurance company and a cashomat .
4	in exchange for commercial bank loans , the countries issued new bonds for the principal sum and , in some cases , unpaid interest .
14	the precautions required for a home personal computer are very different for those of bank ' internet banking systems , and different again for a classified military network .
3	a hospital , bank , post office , barber , tailor shop , a workshop serve the utilities for the cadets .
11	the company 's clients are predominantly commodity producers and consumers , bank , hedge fund , asset manager , brokers , commodity trading advisors and professional traders .
9	as of september 2006 , bafin regulated approximately 2,100 bank , 700 financial services institutions , 630 insurance companies , 25 pension funds and 80 investment companies with 6,000 funds .
21	as of 1927 , the town boasted a small population of 857 with five church , a public library , a bank , a high school , two local newspapers , several lumber yards , commercial packing houses , and a dehydrating plant .
23	history this institution , the founding entities of which were caja de burgos , cajacanarias and caja navarra , was incorporated as a bank by means of notarial instrument issued on 9 june 2010 .
28	a transactional account , known as a current account ( british english ) or checking account ( american english ) , is a deposit account held at a bank or other financial institution , for the purpose of securely and quickly providing frequent access to funds on demand , through a variety of different channels .
8	axim has a transport station , two major bank branches , and some rural banks .
1	the bank was first established on march 17 , 1971 .
6	the term is commonly used by bank and building societies to represent the ratio of the first mortgage lien as a percentage of the total appraised value of real property .
20	most of the big supermarket of kabul are located in this area , along with foreign offices , hotel and bank .
23	eli landa , born 21 march 1984 in sandnes , norway , but now living in stavanger , is a norwegian model , bank employee and teacher student at the university of stavanger who was crowned frøken norge universe 2009 ( miss norway universe 2009 ) on 28 march 2009 .
19	there are , however , practical guidelines in place which aim to ensure that the murâbaḥah transaction between the bank and the customer is one based on trade and not merely a financing transaction .
13	investments are often made indirectly through intermediaries , such as pension funds , bank , brokers , and insurance companies .
19	history ebs was created by a partnership of the world 's largest foreign exchange ( fx ) market making bank in 1990 to challenge reuters ' threatened monopoly in interbank spot foreign exchange and provide effective competition .
8	the panic of 1837 triggered by the failing bank in america is followed by a severe depression lasting until 1845 .
9	it has been created to get financial features , bank - oriented specifically .
8	its construction led to enormous debt to european bank , and caused popular discontent because of the onerous tax it required .
6	banking a drive-through shared by a bank and a coffee shop .
11	registration and payment registration can be made for payment through local bank or the hongkong post .
7	history josiah l. maxey , a gardiner bank who had recently financed construction of the kennebec central railroad , obtained legislative approval for consolidation of the sandy river railroad and rangeley railroad ( p & r ) on 10 march 1891 .
7	other id cards most of the swedish bank can issue identity cards for their customers , but have generally stopped doing so .
14	his enterprises were invested in his plantations , palm oil and sugar factories , bank and railroad .
27	in 1799 , however , berbice governor abraham jacob van imbijze van batenburg and suriname governor jurriaan françois de friderici signed an agreement in which the western bank of the courantyne river was demarcated as the boundary .
9	globoko ob dravinji is a village on the left bank of the dravinja river in the municipality of poljčane in northeastern slovenia .
11	riparian plants , such as populus fremontii , flank the creek bank .
8	the trail goes east and follows the southern bank of the tar river , then at the confluence of the tar river and green mill run , turns south and follows the western edge of the tributary .
18	the house itself is a three - bay stone building , one-and-a-half stories tall , located on the bank of the licking river .
11	the bridge was repeatedly extended in this manner until the opposite bank was reached .
22	boat quay is a historical quay in singapore which is situated upstream from the mouth of the singapore river on its southern bank .
11	tikitiki is a small town in waiapu valley on the north bank of the waiapu river in the gisborne region of the north island of new zealand .
13	sungei serangoon , with rivervale neighborhood of sengkang new town on its west bank in the background .
7	the kimitsu works sits on the north bank of the koito river where it empties in tokyo bay .
11	houses built along the main road that leads to the river bank .
33	after a second partial cloverleaf interchange with thompson avenue , sr 410 goes under a railroad trestle owned by bnsf railway and used by amtrak 's cascades rail service , near the northern bank of the puyallup river .
9	singapore 's first market was located at the south bank of the singapore river .
45	at the junction , sr 109 curves north along the pacific ocean and passes ocean city , copalis beach , griffiths-priday state park , pacific beach and moclips before entering the quinault indian reservation and taholah to end at quinault street , located on the bank of the quinault river .
80	since 1995 , it has been planned that the ndp would be held there for every five years , the main venue for that major event is at marina bay floating stadium ( formerly at the old national stadium ) history in june 1819 , modern founder of singapore , thomas stamford raffles instructed the first resident of singapore , william farquhar , to reserve the whole space within the old lines and the singapore river ( i.e. the northern bank ) for public purposes .
13	the great fire of 1811 , which destroyed the buildings on the left bank of the tržiška bistrica river , changed the town .
4	vrhpolje is on the bank of the drina river .
4	roaring creek has unstable bank in many places .
14	the power station is located immediately downstream of the dam , on the left bank .
23	left-bank ukraine left-bank ukraine ( ; ; ) is a historic name of the part of ukraine on the left ( east ) bank of the dnieper river , comprising the modern-day oblast of chernihiv , poltava and sumy as well as the eastern parts of kiev and cherkasy .
26	anemone canadensis ( canada anemone , round-headed anemone , meadow anemone , crowfoot ) is a herbaceous perennial native to moist meadow , thicket , stream bank , and lake shore in north america , spreading rapidly by underground rhizome , valued for its white flower .
20	construction causewayed enclosures are often located on hilltop sites , encircled by one to four concentric ditch with an internal bank .
23	leninsk ( ) is a town and the administrative center of leninsky district in volgograd oblast , russia , located on the left bank of the akhtuba river , east of volgograd , the administrative center of the oblast .
19	organic matter can also enter the lotic system already in the fpom stage by wind , surface runoff , bank erosion , or groundwater .
9	for example , if waves pass over a sloping bank which is shallower at one end than the other , then the shoaling effect will result in the waves slowing more at the shallow end .
34	avalon is a suburb of lower hutt in new zealand , formed as a private residential development in the 1970s on land formerly occupied by market - garden on the left ( eastern ) bank of the hutt river .
0	bank ) is a kibbutz in northern israel .
16	the other wing of the museum is located at the empress place building on the north bank of the singapore river .
7	tarbell built his studio perched on the bank of the piscataqua river , ambling there each morning along gardens of peonies , iris and hollyhock .
12	during the black hills expedition , several wagons became stuck at a bank .