28	a traveller on a smaller craft ( such as the popular single-handed '' laser '' sailboat ) might simply be a line attached to two points on the deck , along which another block runs .
5	the flat portion of the deck armor was thick and thick amidships where it sloped down to the bottom of the armor belt .
10	this consisted of a full-length waterline armoured belt with armored deck above and below .
21	in june , mr. fuji , yokozuna 's manager , challenged all american athletes to attempt to bodyslam yokozuna on the deck of the uss intrepid .
1	the deck planks are of teak wood and must be replaced every three years .
6	it was formed by the armored deck , the waterline belt and the transverse bulkhead .
7	the barbettes were unarmored , but the deck was protected by of armor .
40	hms scott ( j79 ) was a ( officially , '' fleet minesweeping sloop '' ) of the british royal navy completed as an unarmed survey ship with an enlarged bridge and a large chart room abaft the extended forecastle deck .
1	the deck had a maximum thickness of over the engine rooms , boilers , and the steering gear .
4	the ship 's armored deck was thick .
5	it was built on a deck and a lift was provided to move wagons down to warehouses below .
6	typically , it is a wooden deck near a hiking trail that provides the hikers a clean and even place to sleep .
26	the main controls cabin : with a semicircular head on via della ghiacciaia , with porthole window on the inner side and the third floor the deck with a full-length windows , as a control tower for the rails .
6	the awning framework of all sunsetter deck and patio models mount directly onto the home using wall or soffit brackets and can be installed on every kind of siding .
24	in addition sliding glass doors are commonly used in some regions as doors between the interior rooms of a home and a courtyard , deck , balcony , patio , and a garden , backyard , barbecue or swimming pool area .
7	above this porch is the second-storey gallery deck that extends from the women 's gallery .
4	it also has a deck with benches for easy gatherings and a basketball hoop .
6	each room has its own private deck and fireplace .
26	an elevator ( lift in british english ) is a type of vertical transport equipment that efficiently moves people or goods between floors ( levels , deck ) of a building , , or other structure .
3	the enclosed walkway deck was constructed of laminated veneer lumber and steel bar trusses .