22	the first channel south of 14th avenue s is anhinga channel , then bittern channel is south of 15th avenue s , crane channel is south of 16th avenue s , duck channel is south of 17th avenue s , and egret channel is north of 21st avenue s. from the channels there are coves named flamingo , gull , heron , and ibis , as well as the original aqua cove .
16	scenic elements there were several scenic elements commonly used in greek theater : mechane , a crane that gave the impression of a flying actor ( thus , deus ex machina ) .
26	meanwhile , word has come that germany has surrendered , but murphy is obsessed with revenge and makes plans to ram the u-boat with a floating crane owned by the friendly frenchman louis ( philippe noiret ) .
17	in 1898 , the company began a transition to using company-built streetcars and machinery ( such as crane and snowplow ) rather than purchasing the cars from other companies .
34	the byzantine military manuals also mention that jars ( chytrai or tzykalia ) filled with greek fire and caltrop wrapped with tow and soaked in the substance were thrown by catapults , while pivoting crane ( gerania ) were employed to pour it upon enemy ships .
42	they depict , on the left , jeremiah and habakkuk ; the eternal father and the blessed virgin ; an angel and saint john the evangelist ; and saint cyriacus ; and , on the right , figures of animals : two crane on a pomegranate tree , an eagle , two peacocks on a tree and two gryphons .
12	they organized these techniques into five animals : the tiger , the crane , the leopard , the snake , and the dragon .
19	the brolga ( grus rubicunda ) , formerly known as the native companion , is a bird in the crane family .
22	coat of arms the vertical bars in the left half of the coat of arms symbolize the elbe-havel canal , while the crane in the right symbolizes the nature in the district .
13	it is not secured to the ground and can be moved by a crane attaching to built-in anchor point but due to its weight it is also designed to function as a roadblock .
15	origin of name the place name cranbrook derives from old english cran broc , meaning crane marsh , marshy ground frequented by cranes ( although more probably herons ) .
21	a white-tailed tropicbird or longtail fossil remains of a variety of species have been found on the island , including a crane , an owl and the short-tailed albatross .
20	pygmies , a tribe of one and a half foot tall african men who rode goats into battle against migrating crane acephali ( greek akephalos , plural akephaloi , from a - , '' without '' , and kephalé , '' head '' ) are human without head , with their mouths and eyes being in their breasts .
5	kurepõllu ( estonian for '' crane field '' ) is a subdistrict ( ) in the district of lasnamäe , tallinn , the capital of estonia .
14	cargo ships are usually specially designed for the task , often being equipped with crane and other mechanisms to load and unload , and come in all sizes .
5	william armstrong 's first hydraulic crane is erected at newcastle upon tyne in england .
5	ceramic originals by freeman-leidy , crane figurine .
7	turna is the turkish word for species crane .
17	the first of these was the ` nautical labourer ' ; a steam tug with a floating crane propelled by paddle wheels .
34	goods yards were planned for mislingford ( mainly to serve a local pumping station ) and farringdon , and all the stations had goods sidings , an ornate corrugated iron goods shed and hand-operated crane to allow parcels and goods to be picked up and dropped off as needed .
15	fauna and flora famous animals in the national park include the red deer , the crane , the white-tailed eagle and the osprey .
49	in prefabricated construction , only the foundations are constructed in this way , while sections of wall , floors and roof are prefabricated ( assembled ) in a factory ( possibly with window and door frames included ) , transported to the site , lifted into place by a crane and bolted together .
26	on the day that the two halves of the bridge were joined , each side of columbus drive was closed for a 12-hour period and a crane was used to install the girders .
8	the player 's primary control is '' the crane '' , a flying magnet ( held by , for example , a pterodactyl in the first , ancient time period ) which can pick up and drop single parts .
8	abus kransysteme gmbh is a german hoist and crane manufacturer headquartered in gummersbach .
4	shimizu-minato station 's industrial crane has been preserved and can be see in the grounds of s-pulse dream plaza , a shopping and entertainment complex on the station 's former site .
32	as this is a simple derrick system , it is considered to be used by some agencies as an improvised rescue derrick in an emergency situation where no suitable rescue derrick or crane is available .
5	gameplay the player controls a crane at the top of the valley that moves picks up crate when the button is pressed .
18	1 japanese voice actor : yasunori matsumoto english voice actor : kirk thornton kabuki actor-faced shinma with a crane wing on each of his lower back legs .
10	it is assumed that the column drums were lifted by crane into their place .
33	between 1950 and 1952 50 examples of a slightly modified copy of the kranich ii were built in poland , known as the szd-c żuraw ( żuraw is kranich in polish = '' crane '' ) .
4	flora and fauna the crane has resettled in the area and now breeds here .
18	sandhill grove contained sandy soil , a large oak stand , and during certain seasons large flocks of crane .
5	nosturi ( finnish for '' crane '' ) is a culture and music hall and a nightclub in the punavuori district of helsinki , finland .
3	they often have crane and forklift for moving goods , which are usually placed on iso standard pallet loaded into pallet rack .
26	a team of riggers design and install the lifting or rolling equipment needed to raise , roll , slide or lift objects such as with a crane or block and tackle .
4	c. 515 bce : crane in ancient greece 5th century bce 5th century bce : crank motion ( rotary quern ) in celtiberian spain 5th century bce : cast iron in ancient china : confirmed by archaeological evidence , the earliest cast iron was developed in china by the early 5th century bce during the zhou dynasty ( 1122 -- 256 bce ) , the oldest specimens found in a tomb of luhe county in jiangsu province .
18	systematics and evolution the family rallidae has traditionally been grouped with two families of larger birds , the crane and bustard , as well as several smaller families of usually '' primitive '' mid-sized amphibious birds , to make up the order gruiformes .
10	a more obvious external change was the fitting of large crane - like davit , each capable of holding six lifeboats .
36	design and appearance the shōnan maru 2 is similar in design and appearance to whale catchers used by the icr such as the yūshin maru series , the primary external differences being the presence of a crane near the aft end of her superstructure used to launch and recover rigid-hulled inflatable boat ( craft not carried aboard other icr whale catchers ) , minor differences in the design of the bridge section and forward catwalk , and the absence of a structure on her prow used to recover fired harpoon .
18	the five original anishinaabe doodem were the wawaazisii ( bullhead ) , baswenaazhi ( echo-maker , i.e. , crane ) , aan ` aawenh ( pintail duck ) , nooke ( tender , i.e. , bear ) and moozoonsii ( little moose ) , then these six miigis beings returned into the ocean as well .
20	endangered species include the great indian hornbill , vulture , langur ( black faced monkey ) , giant squirrel , crane and tern .
7	she gave the port of bristol a crane in 1475 , at the welsh back .
10	it has a cast iron fireboard ornamented with a brass crane .
18	the object in question is actually a bird borrowed from the los angeles zoo , most likely a crane or an emu , one of several placed on the indoor set to give it a more realistic feel .
10	the site of a large shipyard will contain many specialised crane , dry dock , slipway , dust-free warehouses , painting facilities and extremely large areas for fabrication of the ships .
20	in compliance , he shoos several pigeons near a pavement ; one of which blinds a construction worker in a crane , who accidentally hits a switch that drops a glass pane directly above tim , crushing him .
3	using a giant crane to remove the slab , known as a capstone , a burial chamber was revealed containing what little remained of a bronze age body and grave goods .
27	the main single line had to be temporarily severed and slued so that the carriage could be shunted onto its own track without the use of a crane .
28	he flew across the sahara and over the mediterranean sea to sicily with eagle , from siberia to iran ( 5,500 km ) with a flock of siberian crane , and over mount everest with nepal eagles .
25	they have a slow steady flight , with the neck retracted as is characteristic of herons and bittern ; this distinguishes them from stork , crane , flamingo and spoonbill , which extend their necks .
17	examples of parodies include pictures of lee holding an electric saw before the chinese , driving a crane towards li , and lee in goku 's costume in his super saiyan form .
12	hydrauliska industri ab ( hiab ) is a swedish manufacturer of loader crane , demountable container handlers , forestry cranes , truck-mounted forklift and tail lift .
7	rcs applications robocrane - rcs controlled a crane having six degrees of freedom .
19	near mt . diablo deposits of similar age provide evidence for at least three different kinds of camel , crane , a fox , a primitive ground squirrel , a small beaver , horses ( with the three toed horse hipparion forcei being the most common ) , hyena - like animals , a lizard , abundant mastodonts , mountain lion - like cat , a mustelid , oreodonts , peccaries , rabbit , raccoon - like animals , a ring-tailed cat , and possible saber-toothed cat .
14	in 1917 , the naval general staff decided to add another seaplane and a crane to handle them .
24	local birds like the water fowl , cuckoo , owl and water hen and other common varieties like the woodpecker , sky lark , crane and parrot can also be spotted here .
10	fionn arrived at tara , armed with his father 's crane - skin bag of magical weapons .
17	the carvings include 18 fish carvings , poems written calligraphically , three bodhisattva carvings , and a crane .
36	five kinds of animal parts fenghuang -- a chinese creature that has the head of a golden pheasant , the body of a mandarin duck , the tail of a peacock , the legs of a crane , the mouth of a parrot , and the wings of a swallow .
32	the fruit capsule , which springs open when ripe , consists of five cells each containing one seed joined to a long beak-like column 2 -- 3 cm long ( resembling a crane 's bill ) produced from the center of the old flower .
16	another building , near the mausoleum , houses an unusual statue of amida riding a large crane , which is an iconography rarely found in japan .
41	types crane-climbing formwork : the working platform and the formwork are a unit climbing formwork ( crane-climbing ) - in this type of climbing formwork , the formwork around the structure is displaced upwards with the help of one or more crane once the hardening of the concrete has proceeded far enough .
2	a new crane would also have been necessary to handle the heavier aircraft as well .
119	types of operators ; broadcasting : technical operator , transmission controller or broadcast operator : network operations center ( noc ) operator master control ( mcr ) operator production control room ( pcr ) operator transmission control room ( tcr ) operator video tape operator ( vto ) certified television operator ( cto ) by society of broadcast engineers ( sbe ) certified radio operator ( cro ) operator - by ( sbe ) studio technical operator ( gallery operator ) : vision mixer operator - technical director ( td ) sound and comms ( talkback ) studio operator kc-135 boom operator camera operator jib ( camera ) operator boom operator dolly grip operator ; other : computer operator crane operator radio operator satellite controller switchboard operator winch operator nuclear power plant operator gallery image : hg winch operator .
9	grus is a genus of large bird in the crane family .
17	the models no-4 and no-5 were prototypes of heavy salvage vehicles , equipped with a gar wood crane which could swivel to the left and right .
13	they produced the range of nck agricultural equipment , skimmers , excavator , crane and dragline that were renowned for high quality and long life , typically over 20 years .
2	a special crane unloads the rail sections and places them on each side of the temporary track , approximately 3.5 m ( 12 ft ) apart .
8	maz-537k - tractor , designed for installation of crane equipment .
2	cormorant , crane , raven and crow are also noted , white-tailed eagle frequents the area and black stork , red kite and short-eared owl have been recorded occasionally on the bog .
9	cranes today is an international trade magazine for the crane and lifting industries , published by world market intelligence .
31	the size of the entrances to the stadium ( designed to accommodate the movement of people rather than stage equipment ) meant that the stage had to be lifted in by crane before being constructed .
73	tema harbour expansion the tema harbour and port of tema is undogoing a $ 115 million expansion and investment in infrastructural upgrading at the tema harbor and port of tema as part of efforts aimed at expanding facilities of tema port to meet rising cargo traffic by the the ghana ports and harbours authority ( ghpa ) ; and in which the expansion and investment will go into the purchase and instalment of crane , reach-stackers , ship to shore cranes , among others .
1	a crane can be used to lift a tram , too , or an overturned tram .
14	this is characteristic of herons and bittern , and distinguishes them from stork , crane , and spoonbill , which extend their necks .
31	instead of being charadriiformes , they might be some distinct but rather basal member of the neoaves , close to the common ancestor of some or all of such birds as crane , rail , stork and/or heron perhaps .
26	between 1949 and 1981 , wcs supported various activities in canada , including arctic expeditions to bylot island and research on seals , merlin , whooping crane , polar bears , and bowhead whales .
12	the two derricks that serviced the hangar were replaced by a single crane on the starboard side of the hangar roof .
12	it may have quay , wharf , jetties , or slipway with crane or ramps .
20	cranes on a lolo vessel the flora delmas , a lolo vessel lift-on/lift-off or lolo ship are vessels with on-board crane to load and unload cargo .
12	steel rivets can be found in static structures such as bridge , crane , and building frames .
6	the gamble family crest , a crane and trailing rose , was integrated in part or whole in many locations around the house .
8	grapple , the architect , transforms into a crane ; hoist , who serves in maintenance , transforms into a toyota hi-lux 4wd tow truck model ; inferno , who serves in search and rescue , transforms into a fire engine ; red alert , the security director , transforms into a fire chief 's lamborghini countach ; skids , the theoretician , transforms into a honda city turbo ; smokescreen , the diversionary tactician , transforms into a 1979 custom datsun 280zx ; and tracks , a warrior , transforms into a 1980 chevrolet corvette .
2	the izumi crane migration grounds cover a 245ha paddy field area of izumi plain in the northwest of kagoshima prefecture known for the about ten-thousand cranes which pass the winter there from every year mid october to march .
9	rock density monolith with bull , fox , and crane in low relief , gobekli tepe the discussion above is accurate as far as it goes , which is only to the first significant figure .
12	the safari reserves end with the large lake of pink flamingoes , crane , stork , ibises , and peacock .
16	he was awarded one of the first patent ever issued in order to protect an ingenious crane he designed to raise the large masonry stones to the top of the structure .
15	sadako and the thousand cranes one of the most famous origami designs is the japanese crane .
6	also , several major factories of crane , car , tractor and a chemical plant were established .
47	the luttrell psalter , dating to around 1340 , describes a grindstone which was rotated by two cranks , one at each end of its axle ; the geared hand-mill , operated either with one or two cranks , appeared later in the 15th century ; medieval crane were occasionally powered by cranks , although more often by windlass .
25	one of the most significant of pika 's inventions has been the paralcon hydraulic valve system that can be used on any twin boom extending-retracting crane .
11	a marina may have a boat hoist well ( a traveling crane ) operated by service personnel .
10	the name comes from the bird trana , which means crane .
1	some crane already are remote controlled .
12	bird groups found there include : eagle , vulture , stork , crane , egret , lapwing , kite , owl , kingfisher , quail and dove .
12	a huge new turret shop was built , and a mammoth hammerhead crane , capable of lifting 350 tons , was constructed to capacitate battleship fabrication .
27	tau 1 gruis b , also known as hd 216435 b , is an extrasolar planet approximately 109 light-year away in the constellation of grus ( the crane ) .
8	steppe dwellers include the mongolian lark , demoiselle crane and long tailed siberian souslik .
10	the tornadoes killed two people who were caught on construction crane when the tornado hit .
10	loon , grebes , pelican , hawk and eagle , crane , sandpiper , gull , parrots , and owls are among the families missing this feather .
20	much of the interior , which was designed by hapstak demetriou + , uses reclaimed objects , such a construction crane , beer bottle , window , and cargo container .
9	he is depicted as a crow or a black crane .
14	limpkin , aramus guarauna ( r ) cranes order : gruiformes family : gruidae crane are large , long-legged and long-necked birds .
5	the logo is a white crane on a red vertical tail fin .
35	m. d. moody & sons , inc. stands today as the oldest family owned construction equipment distributor in the united states , the oldest road equipment company in florida and at one time the largest crane dealer in the southeast .
3	the trip stretched crane 's legs as the heavy rabbit held them tightly , leaving them elongated as cranes ' legs are now .
34	hendrik figee ( haarlem , may 28 , 1838 haarlem , december 3 , 1907 ) was a dutch businessman and entrepreneur creditted with growing the haarlem factory figee into an international manufacturer of crane .
23	nck later was sold to robert maxwell 's media group as part of a wider deal , but maxwell was not interested in crane and nck became inactive .
21	for the gliding elements of this gliding surface to be replaced , the nacelle-rotor assembly must be lifted by an external crane .
37	wildlife various wildlife live in the park system , including deer , hawk , owl , rabbit , snake , fox , coyote , badger , porcupine , pelican , beaver , muskrat , ground squirrel and crane .
12	most , if not all , previous designs for military bridges required crane to lift the pre-assembled bridge and lower it into place .
13	when she was modernized in the 1930s , a catapult and a collapsible crane were fitted on the stern , and both ships were equipped to operate three floatplane , although no hangar was provided .
6	the crash was heard by a crane driver at , who reported the fact to the berthing master .
24	they carry an array of special equipment such as the jaws of life , wooden cribbing , generator , winches , hi-lift jacks , crane , cutting torch , circular saws and other forms of heavy equipment unavailable on standard trucks .
31	from 9 may to 18 july 1915 , the ship was modified by cunard at liverpool with a permanent , four-aircraft , hangar in the rear superstructure and a pair of crane were mounted at the rear of the hangar to hoist the seaplanes in and out of the water .
33	he therefore ordered a foresail made of eight hammock hung from a top boom made of pipe bunk frames lashed firmly together , all tied to the vertical kingpost of the torpedo loading crane forward of the submarine 's superstructure .
9	the sanctuary also is habitat for harriers , common crane , black partridge ( local name : ` kalo tetar ' ) , sand grouse , black and grey francolin , spotted and indian sandgrouse , quails , larks , shrikes , coursers and plovers .
4	dorna ( , '' crane '' ) is a jet-powered iran training aircraft .
5	these include the adder , crane , nightjar , woodlark , snipe , shrike and stonechat .
4	unfortunately , her seaplane crane was destroyed .
2	using a crane , the modules are set onto the building 's foundation and joined together to make a single building .
16	carden first appearance : '' blind leading the blind '' voice actor : gregory cooper a crane monster with no rinshi form .
22	his father 's business under his leadership became the oldest family owned construction equipment distributor in the united states and the largest crane dealer in the southeast .
1	a crane is still provided on this platform .
0	crane swallow the sun , the moon and the stars several references are made by moses of chorene to the worship of the sun and moon in armenia .
96	anthony w. sariti , authorhouse , 2007 ) '' в пороховом дыму '' ( in the gunpowder smoke , 1878 ) '' в камышах '' ( in the reeds , 1879 ) '' varvara lepko and her family '' ( 1879 ) ; '' тигрица '' ( tigress ) ; '' from orenburg to tashkent '' ( 1886 ) ; '' khiva expedition '' ( 1882 ) ; etc. the two-legged wolf , english translation , 1894 , the most popular was his children 's book , cranes flying south , telling the story of a crane migrating from the ostashkov swamps to the upper nile .
16	the neck is relatively shorter and thicker than other long-legged wading birds such as heron and crane .
13	alternatively , it could be launched in jars fired from catapults ; pivoting crane ( gerania ) are also mentioned as a method of pouring combustibles onto enemy ships .
12	these boxes would be lifted out of the boats , positioned by crane over a bunker or cart and emptied by releasing the chains on the base .
66	once , the seasonal bird populations in the san joaquin basin were immense , especially in the now-dry tulare lake region : '' it took something different , though , to capture the sound of the blue sky as it turned dark and deafening from the wings and cries of millions of native and migratory birds -- canadian geese , mallards , swan , pelican , crane , teal , and curlew .
9	there have been several reports of black stork , crane and flocks of vulnerable marbled teal .
52	taxonomy and systematics flying at a falconry display at palmitos park , canary islands , spain its scientific name is latin ancient greek and means '' black-and-white crane-eagle '' or ( if called buteo melanoleucos ) '' black-and-white buzzard '' : geranoaetus comes from ancient greek géranos ( γέρανoς ) , '' crane '' + aetós ( ἆετός ) , '' eagle '' .
3	cranes ( how crane work ) 8 .
7	but a when the worker exits the crane , bugs calls him from the building under construction ( '' yoo hoo !
16	not yet fully rigged for example , she had a two-ton ( 907 - kg ) crane on her port forecastle but no lifting capability aft miller freeman proceeded after commissioning in 1967 from ohio through lake erie , lake ontario , the st. lawrence seaway , and the panama canal to her home port at seattle , washington .
5	two 20-ton ( 18-tonne ) crane were retained and used to hoist the brewery 's serving tanks to their current location .
13	in horizontal vertical and transport great progress resulted from the invention of the crane , the winch , the wheelbarrow and the odometer .
4	vigilant a stork , crane or the like standing on one leg may be called vigilant or in its vigilance ( e.g. waverley borough council 's ' ' ) .
52	some are straight with a '' joint '' ( sandblasted top part of stem , usually about 1 inch long , and all the way around , tapered or cone shaped , so the tapered , or '' cone shaped '' bowl will fit in ) some are bent to resemble a crane .
15	the darß is famous for being a resting place for tens of thousands of migrating crane and geese .
21	an axial cut can be made with the use of a zoom lens , or physically moving the camera with a crane or camera dolly .
15	in the recovery of lost sources , the iaea recommends careful planning and using a crane or other device to place shielding ( such as a pallet of brick or a concrete block ) near the source to protect recovery workers .
14	the name parvigrus is derived from the latin parvus for small and grus for crane , the specific epithet refers to burkhard pohl who obtained the specimen for the wyoming dinosaur center .
104	during the canadian operation athena , members of 1 cer on task force 3-09 constructed a mabey logistic support bridge over a pre-existing bridge after a vehicle borne suicide bomb detonanted on the bridge close to kandahar airfield features the bridge takes military load class 80 tracked , 110 wheeled the bridge can span up to 61m lsb has a lane width of 4.2 m multi-span equipment enables the bridge to be built to any length on fixed or floating supports built on a greenfield site using grillages , ground beams and ramps the bridge is normally built using an atc244 22 ton capacity crane or a hydraulic excavator using a bucket with a lifting eye .
51	the sliding walls taper inwards towards the top and are connected by an articulated joint so the walls can be spread and slid apart , so that one half of the wagon is entirely open and may be loaded or unloaded from the side by forklift truck or from above by crane .
9	a series of nine late-19th century 160-ton capacity hydraulic crane for naval use .
6	on 20 june 2007 , a crane toppled whilst carrying out works on the bridge , and precariously hung for a number of hours off the side of the barriers .
9	tibet hosts species of wolf , wild donkey , crane , vulture , hawk , geese , snake , and buffalo .
24	one of the most common types on modern railways are container trains , where containers can be lifted on and off the train by crane and loaded off or onto truck or ship .
31	the woman on the phone helps the two avoid the chicago police and fbi , using an ability to control networked devices , including traffic light , mobile phone , automated crane , and even power lines .
93	airdate : october 25 , 2005 new orleans ( louis armstrong international airport ) to panama city , panama ( tocumen international airport ) panama city to gamboa ( smithsonian tropical research institute 's gamboa field station ) barro colorado island ( smithsonian tropical research institute ) balboa ( pier 12 , panama canal ) panama city ( casco viejo or el parque metropolitan ) panama city ( estadio juan demostenes arosemena panama city ( miraflores locks ) in the race 's only aired fast forward , team members had to find a crane at the pacific side of panama canal pier 14 .
3	white-tailed eagle , crane and otter also occur in the area .
27	the following sections were repealed and superseded by the lifting operations and lifting equipment regulations 1998 on 5 december 1998 : hoists and lifts - general ; crane and other lifting machines ; and chain , rope and lifting tackle .
41	to '' slew '' means to turn without change of place ; a '' slewing '' bearing is a rotational rolling-element bearing that typically supports a heavy but slow-turning or slow-oscillating load , often a horizontal platform such as a conventional crane , a swing yarder , or the wind-facing platform of a horizontal-axis windmill .
3	there is a crane at the top of the mst , which allows the payload and gem-60 solid motors to be attached to the vehicle .
47	during his lifetime , in addition to numerous dogs and horses , byron kept a fox , four monkey , a parrot , five cat , an eagle , a crow , a crocodile , a falcon , five peacocks , two guinea hen , an egyptian crane , a badger , three geese , a heron , a honey badger , and a goat with a broken leg .
15	the top portion was constructed in sections off-site and then lifted into place using a crane .
22	an alternative view is that the village is named after the welsh word '' garan '' which means heron , stork or crane .
24	during the pre-world war ii period , uralmash manufactured its products ( blast furnace equipment , sintering machines , rolling mill , press , crane , etc. ) for the mining and metallurgical industries located in the urals and siberia .
4	rare migratory stork and crane are also seen wintering in the park ( lesser adjutant , greater adjutant , black-necked stork , asian openbill ) .
0	crane ) is a moshav in central israel .
9	it was assembled from seven pieces with the largest crane available in ireland .
41	on 14 march 2011 , with construction already underway on the main pylon , the one show broadcast footage of the on-site status of project , and profiled the four-man team putting it together , comprising two steel erector , a crane operator and a site foreman .
4	the emblem was a crane , alert and vigilant , holding a pebble to splash itself awake should its alertness falter , however the pebble and ` vigilance ' initially chosen as the motto , have evolved under mrs knight and the board of governors at the time ( 2004-2009 ) to a more self-analytical motto , reflecting the greater achievement of society at large , and appreciating one 's own ideas and successes as much as those as others .
22	larger buildings may require the use of a wrecking ball , a heavy weight on a cable that is swung by a crane into the side of the buildings .
28	species found around the salt flats include flamingo ( phoenicopterus roseus ) ; grey ( ardea cinerea ) and purple heron ( ardea purpurea ) ; stork ; crane ; waders including avocet and oystercatcher ; and overwintering duck .
13	its name came from anglo-saxon cran-ford = '' ford frequented by heron or crane '' and it covered an almost north-south rectangle lengthwise of .
25	gary had to invent equipment to build and move the huge sculptures , creating the scaffolding , hoist , and even special vehicles that featured crane to haul the sculptures around at his rural workshop and to place them onto trucks for transportation .
3	family : gruidae crane are large , long-legged and long-necked birds .
15	the new , large apartment buildings were perfectly rectangular , so as to allow a crane to roll along a track and place components on both sides of the building simultaneously , saving both time and effort .
14	after the population recovered it continued building up the city and in 1364 a crane was built for the port .
12	inside the shed will generally be a platform and sometimes a small crane to allow easier loading and unloading of wagons .
10	the genus name is derived from greek geranos , '' crane '' , a reference to the bird-like hind-limb .
9	climbing gear , tree house , canopy walkway , crane , airship and inflatable platforms resting on the treetops have lately overcome these barriers .
0	crane : gruidae indet .
13	chizuru ( 千鶴 ) is a japanese feminine given name meaning a thousand crane .
6	standard equipment includes : a td-50 crane , front-mounted stabilizing dozer blade , main and secondary winches .
11	counterweights are often used in traction lifts ( elevators ) , crane and funfair rides .
5	view of the krantor ( crane gate ) the member cities took responsibility for their own protection .
6	the most important investments were a crane with a capacity of 100 tonnes and a dry dock .
8	a transformer who takes the form of a crane .
93	among these projects are : support to bandipur tiger reserve , trade & wildlife crimes grassroots ngo support network , support to corbett tiger reserve & adjoining forests , support to sundarbans tiger reserve , wpsi tiger protection awards , award for information that leads to seizure of tiger parts , ` operation kachhapa ' , conservation of the olive ridley turtle , ` corridor to survival ' - landscape conservation plan for elephant management , human-elephant conflict & elephant mortality in north bengal , a film campaign on otter conservation , indian crane and wetland working group and animal - human conflict management .
20	while it contains some inaccurate or mythological articles ( for example , the articles on the horseshoe crab and the crane ) , it also distinguished itself from the common '' everyday encyclopedias '' ( riyong leishu 日用類書 ) at that time by being accurate in some other articles ( for example , accurate depictions of the japanese and korean people 's clothing , and a very accurate world map ( the shanhai yudi quantu ) .
28	it is an important breeding , moulting and resting area for numerous birds including the kingfisher , bittern , whooper swan , goosander , great crested grebe , crane and sea eagle .
48	the items include : a cake when eaten doubles the size of their name tag ; a '' pumpkin bicycle '' that can be used for ten minutes ; red high heels that are used for ten minutes ; jack and the beanstalk which lets them ride a crane ; a fight with the queen where they play muk-chi-ba with members of gag tonight , if they lose , they must where a mitten , and if they win , all the other members name tags become giant and their name tag is shrunk ; '' genie 's lamp '' which will summon a '' genie '' to help the member for an hour ; when they catch the rabbit , their name tag is returned to normal .
4	he makes an origami crane every time he kills someone , a trait which was influenced by woo 's daughter when he saw her making them .