9	one of them , however , is '' the mole '' , a double agent hired by the producers to sabotage the efforts of the group .
25	the main villains of the show are the power-hungry police chief pamela bondani , who wants to become the town 's mayor , and her mole assistant professor molo .
7	some rcmp testimony claimed he was a mole who left the plot just days before its execution because he was told to pull out , but the canadian government denied that report .
9	the intelligence provided by the informant reveals that a mole with access to the president 's security detail had provided information to the assassins .
1	each mole has been planted by the rival organization to gain an advantage in intelligence over the other side .
26	double agents some people listed here are not true double agents ( as defined above ) , but rather ( single ) agents working as a mole within an intelligence organization .
37	part four ned reflects that every employee of the circus of a certain generation can recall where he or she was at the time of '' the fall '' -- bill haydon 's exposure as a kgb mole .
10	an undercover cia operative is accused of being a russian mole , and has to go on the run to defend himself .
16	he reported that he cooperated fully with the americans , eventually agreeing to serve as a mole for the cia , first in guantanamo bay detention camp , and later in bosnia , where he was tasked to win the trust of arab veterans of the bosnian war of independence .
2	a soviet mole , and later other spies tipped off the missions to moscow , which in turn relayed the information to albania .
35	gamma is assumed from kinetic theory to be exactly 5/3 = 1.6667 for monatomic gases such as noble gas ) ; is the absolute temperature in kelvin ; is the molar mass in kilogram per mole .
2	examples 1 mole of glucose ( c 6 h 12 o 6 ) is equivalent to 6 c-moles of glucose .
12	topics are usually covered earlier than normal ; for example , the mole is introduced in year 1 rather than in year 3 , some kinematics in year 1 instead of year 5 , and molecular biology and genetics in year 4 instead of year 6 .
47	sackur -- tetrode constant the sackur -- tetrode constant , written s 0 / r , is equal to s/kn evaluated at a temperature of t = 1 kelvin , at standard pressure ( 100 kpa or 101.325 kpa , to be specified ) , for one mole of an ideal gas composed of particles of mass equal to one atomic mass unit ( m u = ) .
8	it is fixed by the definitions of the mole and of relative atomic mass .
12	gram atomic mass is the mass , in gram , of one mole of atom in a monatomic chemical element .
14	atp recycling the total quantity of atp in the human body is about 0.2 mole .
9	the fraction of guanine + cytosine pairs is 65 mole percent .
39	when the heat of fusion is referenced to a unit of mass , it is usually called the specific heat of fusion , while the molar heat of fusion refers to the enthalpy change per amount of substance in mole .
4	alcoholic fermentation converts one mole of sucrose into four moles of ethanol and four moles of carbon dioxide , producing two moles of atp in the process .
23	formed from '' mojado '' ( wet or dripping ) probably referring to the mint leaves in the well known cuba drink ; mole : from spanish , from nahuatl molle or molli ( '' sauce '' ) ; montana : from montaña , a mountain ; mosquito : from mosquito , literally '' little fly '' ; mulatto : from spanish or portuguese mulato meaning '' octoroon , sambo '' .
20	it is one of the dishes most commonly served during taquizas ( taco parties ) , together with tinga , mole , chicharrón , and papas con chorizo .
19	mexican cuisine features sauces which may contain chocolate , seeds , and chiles collectively known by the nahua name mole ( compare guacamole ) .
25	common recipes for the iguana include stews ( guisado ) , pozole , birria , roasted in taco and flauta , roasted and finished with mole , and even sauteed with almonds .
23	food and festivals dishes of the area include mixiote , tlacoyo with fava beans , pinto beans and requeson , cecina , green mole with chicken or pork , and pork in chile mulato but a very local specialty is tamal with capulin ( a type of cherry ) and corn .
0	mole ( ) is a mexican sauce made from chili peppers mixed with spices , unsweetened chocolate , almond , and other ingredients .
32	some items typical of latin american cuisine include maize - based dishes ( tortilla , tamale , pupusa ) and various salsas and other condiments ( guacamole , pico de gallo , mole ) .
32	on its saints day , the town of otumba lays out a carpet of flower petals on the atrium of the church along with decorative floral portals , dances , barbacoa and mole .
8	traditional foods of the municipality include carnitas , mole , barbacoa and tamale filled with beans .
13	during this and other festival typical dishes of the area include corunda , mole , barbacoa and '' guenches '' which is a larvae found on strawberry trees .
13	bestiae is a defunct taxon that contained pig , armadillo , hedgehog , mole , shrew , and opossum .
14	etymology the genus name talpanas is taken from the latin word talpa , meaning mole and referring to the small size of the eyes , and the greek word anas , or duck .
9	order : soricomorpha family : talpidae 3 species of mole occur in pennsylvania .
21	eileen roberts eileen ( voiced by minty lewis , a writer/storyboard artist for the series ) is a shy and timid mole who works at a local coffee shop , previously alongside margaret smith .
27	other characters , which are essentially large scale puppets , are a strange-looking blue tree frog called rockit ( sic ) , a purple and green striped mole ( who almost looks like one of the fimbles ) called roly mo , a plump and motherly pink bird called bessie and her chick , ribble .
41	i , ii mammal ; ; insectivore erinaceus europaeus praeglacialis brunner ( preglaciation european hedgehog ) sorex minutus linnaeus ( eurasian pygmy shrew ) sorex runtonensis ( hinton ) pachyura etrusca ( savi ) talpa minuta freudenberg ( a genus of mole ) the skull of petralona .
27	the subfamily talpinae , sometimes called '' old world moles '' or '' old world moles and relatives '' , is one of three subfamilies of the mole family talpidae , the others being the scalopinae , or new world moles , and the uropsilinae , or shrew-like moles .
13	examples shrew tuatara hedgehog kiwi long-beaked echidna platypus leeches of the genus americobdella mole american robin wormsnake some sea snails e.g. jaspidiconus and conus species .
37	jpg templewood house wildlife wildlife that can be seen in the locality include : birds barn owl , buzzard , wood pigeon , kingfisher , tawny owl , heron , animals rabbit , hare , hedgehog , mole , chinese water deer , red deer , muntjac deer , fallow deer , badger , pipistrelle bat , grey squirrel jubilee bridge river mun close to its source public transport bus services are provided by the following sanders coaches run between cromer and north walsham .
0	mole - the talking moles of narnia are excellent tunnelers and gardeners .
25	the smaller breakwater was built as part of the preparations for the visit of the rms mauretania and is sometimes known as the '' mauretania mole '' .
21	system details the initial connection across the bay to san francisco was by ferryboat via a causeway and pier ( '' mole '' ) , extending from the end of yerba buena avenue in oakland , california westward 16,000 feet ( 4,900 m ) to a ferry terminal near yerba buena island .
5	dunkerque was tied alongside the mole with her stern facing the sea , so she could not return fire .
15	the modern port started its operations in 1854 during the british raj , when a mole was constructed to connect city to the harbor .
23	he participated in the famous raid on zeebrugge led by commodore roger keyes , cmbs being used to lay smoke screens outside the mole to cover the escape of the crews of the blockships .
5	when they arrive at the mole there , soldiers begin scrambling onto the boat , but michael must dive underwater to free the propeller from a corpse which has become entangled with it .
14	part of the wharf was filled in between 1879 and 1882 , creating a mole .
15	it was not long before a shot from terrible hit a magazine on the imperial mole , which exploded causing great damage .
16	while negotiating , the ottoman commander ordered the angora to position itself near the harbor 's mole .
7	when the russians occupied trabzon , a mole was built .