1	the square where the main entrance of lisbon zoo is located is named after him and his body was moved to the national pantheon alongside some former portuguese presidents .
25	a formally real field f is a field that satisfies in addition one of the following equivalent properties : 1 is not a sum of square in f .
9	description the simplest cross section of the pier is square , or rectangular , although other shapes are also common .
26	adeeb was a principal at venture capital firm khosla ventures , where he worked with noted investors vinod khosla and pierre lamond on such investments as square , groupme ( acquired by skype ) , and ness technologies .
6	it contains 20 triangle , 30 square and 12 pentagon .
0	square 's 1995 snes rpg chrono trigger featured a major villain who was transgender .
1	this square had historically been the site of large protests , such as the violent suppression of the jeans revolution that took place after the disputed 2006 presidential election .
9	at the center of the village is a large square known as the ` borough ' around which are grouped picturesque cottage and a public house , the phelips arms ; there is a second public house and hotel situated in the village , called the king 's arms .
13	thébault 's problem i given any parallelogram , construct on its sides four square external to the parallelogram .
9	is a role-playing video game developed and published by square for the playstation 2 video game console .
2	in the square game live-a-live , there is a mechanic named gennai who is responsible for the creation of mechanical traps in the bakumatsu chapter .
12	in 1998 , while still working for capcom , mizuta applied to square as a composer in response to an advertisement and was hired .
5	for example , quasitruncating the square gives a regular octagram , and quasitruncating the cube gives the uniform stellated truncated hexahedron .
9	development einhänder was the first 3d shooter developed by square , a company otherwise mostly known for their role-playing video game .
26	the name of the squaring function shows its importance in the definition of the area : it comes from the fact that the area of a square with sides of length is equal to .
20	if there are twelve rods arranged in a circle , they symbolize the celestial world , four rods forming a square symbolizes the earthly world .
18	the original final fantasy video game , published in 1987 , is a role-playing video game developed by square , spawning a video game series that became the central focus of the franchise .
16	there are only three shapes that can form such regular tessellations : the equilateral triangle , square , and regular hexagon .
24	in the second half of the publication 's life , there was a monthly final fantasy forum dedicated to playing tips and secrets for square games , even despite the fact that none of the final fantasy game series had been released in europe at that point .
13	geometry the intersection of the cloister vault with a horizontal plane is a square .
4	he was hired by square in 1990 .
43	he also provided the voice of jack skellington , the main character in tim burton 's animated disney film the nightmare before christmas ( 1993 ) , and has since reprised the role in many other subsequent productions , including the disney / square video games kingdom hearts and kingdom hearts ii and the capcom sequel to the original film , .
3	there are one square , one hexagon , and one hexadecagon ( 16-sides ) on each vertex .
40	the visitors can observe pieces of art , depictions of the mining process , geology displays , educational exhibitions about environmental friendly mining and sustainable development the main places at the park are : '' the sacred axis '' a square with an halite hand carved cross ( 4.20 meters height ) the salt dome the mine the brine museum , where the visitor learns about how works the extraction process of salt from the halite .
4	the equivalent in a square is diagonal , because two coordinates change .
30	in the desarguesian projective plane of order q , pg ( 2 , q ) , the size of a blocking set b is bounded : when q is a square the lower bound is achieved by any baer subplane and the upper bound comes from the complement of a baer subplane .
11	topology topologically , the möbius strip can be defined as the square with its top and bottom sides identified by the relation for as in the diagram on the right .
8	for example , take the set of all square in the plane .
3	thus , a square and a circle are homeomorphic to each other , but a sphere and a torus are not .
3	there are one square , one octagon , and one apeirogon on each vertex .
33	another song on the soundtrack , '' small two of pieces ~ screeching shards ~ '' , was the first ending theme with sung lyrics to ever appear in a game developed by square .
32	the name was jaguar 's idea , inspired in the italian folk-tale character pasquino , who , according to the legend , used to write and tell stories in a major public square .
13	the area of a shape can be measured by comparing the shape to square of a fixed size .
5	he was later hired by square as a field designer for two of its larger releases .
25	development moon : remix rpg adventure is the first of three games developed by love-de-lic , a game developer made up of former members of square .
11	the trust aims to increase knowledge and appreciation of park , square , community gardens , cemeteries and churchyard in london .
8	in 1998 , bushido blade , published by square , introduced a realistic fighting engine that featured three-dimensional environments while abandoning time limits and health bars in favor of an innovative body damage system , where a sword strike to a certain body part can amputate a limb or decapitate the head .
14	along with sakaguchi , their combined appearance culminated in the separation of the '' square '' label from parent software company denyuusha .
22	chrono trigger : crimson echoes is a non-profit fangame project developed by the international team kajar laboratories as a rom hack of square 's role-playing video game chrono trigger for the super nintendo entertainment system .
26	it holds with equality only when the two circles are concentric ( have the same center as each other ) ; then the quadrilateral is a square .
4	the following year , square 's suishō no dragon on the nes took it a step further with its introduction of visual icons and animated scenes .
21	here is a partial list of notable expressways , tunnel , bridge , road , avenues , street , crescent , square and bazaar in hong kong .
9	the end points of these two ranges are a square between two pronic number , with each of the pronic numbers being twice a pair triangular number .
19	it is a rectangular table ( 33x27 cm ) of wood which contains 17 compartments , of which 14 square , 2 rectangular and one octagonal .
9	is a 1999 video game developed and published by square .
10	it was released in japan shortly before the merger between square and enix .
8	a similar sequence of iterations used for the square space-filling tree can be used for hypercubes .
19	in mathematics , a costas array can be regarded geometrically as a set of n points lying on the square of a n n checkerboard , such that each row or column contains only one point , and that all of the n ( n 1 ) / 2 displacement vector between each pair of dots are distinct .
16	he also proved that the area of a circle was equal to π multiplied by the square of the radius of the circle ( πr 2 ) .
1	like square and equilateral triangle , regular hexagons fit together without any gaps to tile the plane ( three hexagons meeting at every vertex ) , and so are useful for constructing tessellation .
28	in july 1986 , xtalsoft was among six other companies to form the disk original group , a collective publishing house for famicom disk system games headed by square for their part , xtalsoft developed sword of kalin under the disk original group .
25	a decomino , or 10-omino , is a polyomino of order 10 , that is , a polygon in the plane made of 10 equal-sized square connected edge-to-edge .
11	a four-sided plane figure is a quadrilateral ( quadrangle ) or square , sometimes also called a tetragon .
4	it was presented by square 's final fantasy x .
6	these fairs were located in the square , which is still the town center .
15	: shinken green 's bear origami that forms the right leg , normally in its square shaped emblem form .
15	the sequence of stella octangula numbers begins ljunggren 's equation there are only two positive square stella octangula numbers , 1 and 9653449 = 3107 2 = ( 13 239 ) 2 , corresponding to n = 1 and n = 169 respectively .
18	the circulation around a closed curve c is the line integral : the dimension of circulation are length square , divided by time ; l 2 ⋅ t − 1 , which is equivalent to velocity times length .
12	a p-gonal antiprismatic prism or p-gonal antiduoprism has 4p triangle , 4p square and 4 p-gon faces .
8	they have 2 n triangle , 4 n square , and 2 n - gon .
10	the brunswick parks and recreation department operates city park and square .
16	its current advisory board consists of marc benioff of salesforce , jack dorsey of twitter and square , reid hoffman of linkedin , and padmasree warrior of cisco , among others .
4	place d'armes is a square in old montreal quarter of montreal , in quebec , canada .
6	the principality of chach had a square citadel built here around the 5th to 3rd centuries bc , some south of the syr darya river .
5	tajiri was also influenced by square 's game boy game the final fantasy legend , noting in an interview that the game gave him the idea that more than just action games could be developed for the handheld .
15	objective each team moves a piece on a game board formed by a sequence of square .
27	other buildings include a storage building ( 1895 ) , an oil house ( 1906 ) , a boathouse , and a hand-operated fog bell in a square pyramidal tower ( automated subsequently ) .
38	the four regular hendecagrams -lcb- 11/2 -rcb- , -lcb- 11/3 -rcb- , -lcb- 11/4 -rcb- , and -lcb- 11/5 -rcb- in geometry , a hendecagrammic prism is a star polyhedron made from two identical regular hendecagram connected by square .
7	is a role-playing video game developed by square for the playstation .
43	a bézier patch of degree ( m , n ) may be constructed out of two bézier triangle of degree m + n , or out of a single bézier triangle of degree m + n , with the input domain as a square instead of as a triangle .
18	on a board of size n m , each player begins with m pawn , one for each square in the row closest to them .
3	description varenyky are square - or crescent - shaped dumplings of unleavened dough , stuffed with mashed potato , sauerkraut , cheese , cabbage , meat , hard-boiled egg ( a mennonite tradition ) or a combination of these , or with a fruit filling .
18	the basic polygon is often ( but not necessarily ) a convex plane-filling polygon , such as a square or a triangle .
10	the building dagbreek is built in the form of a square and consists of seventeen occupied sections with four rooms and a bathroom on each floor .
9	among video game music influences , he has cited square for providing him '' with the education for what quality means to this business '' and nobuo uematsu in particular .
18	an american-style crossword grid layout a crossword is a word puzzle that normally takes the form of a square or a rectangular grid of white and black shaded squares .
3	consider the largest square that can be placed in an arbitrary triangle .
15	the novel was adapted into a film and a popular horror role-playing video game by square .
7	the population density was 6.1 people per square mile ( 2.4 / km ² ) .
13	in the ratio between length and height , the great dane should be square .
19	regular polytopes are the generalized analog in any number of dimensions of regular polygon ( for example , the square or the regular pentagon ) and regular polyhedra ( for example , the cube ) .
10	in computer and video games in several games produced by square , including chrono trigger , final fantasy v , final fantasy vii , final fantasy viii , final fantasy ix , and final fantasy x , dark matter exists as a powerful magical element , enabling certain kinds of major attacks .
21	development hironobu sakaguchi had intended to make a role-playing game ( rpg ) for a long time , but his employer square refused to give him permission as it expected low sales of such a product .
17	in base ten , 26 is the smallest number that is not a palindrome to have a square ( 26 ^ 2 = 676 ) which is a palindrome .
17	plato felt that the perfect proportion was the ratio of the side to the diagonal of a square .
18	the study of equidissections began in the late 1960s with monsky 's theorem , which states that a square can not be equidissected into an odd number of triangles .
18	committed from the start to make a franchise to rival series such as enix 's dragon quest and square 's final fantasy , murayama wrote a chronological prequel for his story and used that instead in order not to waste the suikoden ii script due to his lack of experience .
1	a square with interior is also a 2-manifold with boundary .
26	the aldred building ( french : édifice aldred ; also known as édifice la prévoyance ) is an art deco building on the historic place d'armes square in the old montreal quarter of montreal , quebec , canada .
11	concrete wading pools come in many shapes , traditionally rectangle , square or circle .
12	gems normal gems come in seven different colors and shapes such as square - shaped rubies , rhombus - shaped topaz , sphere - shaped diamond , decagonal emerald , crystal-shaped sapphire , triangle - shaped amethyst , and hexagonal garnets .
3	there are one square , one octagon , and one hexakaidecagon on each vertex .
16	a part of that definition may be singled out ( using parentheses here ) : a square : ( a quadrilateral that has interior angles which are all right angles ) , and that has bounding sides which all have the same length .
13	in geometry , a hypercube is an n - dimensional analog of a square ( n = 2 ) and a cube ( n = 3 ) .
23	dice had been interested in english translations of japanese games and following in the footsteps of ted woolsey in the translation of several square japanese titles .
9	the 99t also makes appearances in rad racer from square and continental circus from taito , both released in 1987 .
1	ball square : a low rectangular parallelepiped shape .
10	is a japan tactical role-playing game developed and published by square for the nintendo super famicom on february 9 , 1996 .
11	biography after graduating from tokyo zokei university , hiroyuki ito joined square in 1987 .
7	final fantasy chronicles is a compilation of square 's role-playing video game final fantasy iv and chrono trigger , released for the north american sony playstation on june 29 , 2001 .
1	the square was created in 1785 .
4	the west tower was square in plan , the east tower octagonal .
10	gameplay the game takes place on a 6 × 6 square grid representing a haunted castle .
4	it was released by square in north america on october 1 , 1995 .
11	mathematics :  ≈ , the ratio of the diagonal of a square to its side length .
24	the first dragon slayer title was an early action role-playing game , released in 1984 for the nec pc-88 computer system and ported by square for the msx .
12	the rectangular cuboid ( six rectangular faces ) , cube ( six square faces ) , and the rhombohedron ( six rhombus faces ) are all specific cases of parallelepiped .
7	other now-famous companies such as enix , square and nihon falcom also produced similar eroge in the early 1980s before they became famous for their mainstream role-playing games .
31	the game was directed by yasumi matsuno , and since the release of the title , he has chosen sakimoto as a regular for his development team at quest and later square .
5	the vertex figure has 4 square faces passing through the center of the model .
16	structure of the jade suits that have been found , the pieces of jade are mostly square or rectangular in shape , though triangular , trapezoid and rhomboid plaques have also been found .
6	plaza peru plaza perú is a square in the city of concepción , chile .
11	the munstersquare ( or munsterplein in dutch ) is the main square in the city of roermond .
8	after about three years , he applied at square with a resume containing a photographed oil painting of his and was hired by the company in 1999 .
18	it was commissioned in 1936 but brought to poland in 1991 monopol hotel katowice rondo , the large square / roundabout , reconstructed recently , with the semi-circular galeria rondo sztuki in the center .
32	inequalities if r and r are the inradius and the circumradius respectively , then the area k satisfies the inequalities there is equality on either side only if the quadrilateral is a square .
5	typical lantern clocks comprised a square case on ball or urn feet , a large circular dial ( with a chapter ring extending beyond the width of the case on early examples ) , a single hour hand , and a large bell and finial .
34	the wonderswan is playable both vertically and horizontally , and features a unique library of games , including numerous first-party titles based on licensed anime properties , as well as significant third-party support from square , namco , and taito .
29	video games for more details on this topic , see lgbt characters in video games and lgbt themes in video games saga frontier ( a playstation title produced by square ) has a lesbian character named asellus .
16	for example , -lcb- 3 -rcb- is an equilateral triangle , -lcb- 4 -rcb- is a square and so on .
37	the 3-d battles of worldrunner ( shortened to 3-d worldrunner on the north american box art ) , originally released in japan as , is a 1987 third-person rail shooter platform video game developed and published by square for the family computer disk system and published by acclaim for the nintendo entertainment system itself .
8	he began his career working for konami and square in the 1990s , then joined fellow ex-square designers at love-de-lic in 1996 , where he designed .
24	teaching should be appropriate to students ' developmental level : young students should be able to explain the difference between a rectangle and a square , while older students should be able to express more complex reasoning , including simple mathematical proof .
12	is a scrolling shooter video game developed by workss and published by square for the nintendo entertainment system and msx .
8	in general , these designs begin with a square sheet of paper whose sides may be different colors or prints .
4	for example , a square is fat because its length and width are identical .
19	in geometry , the rhombicuboctahedron , or small rhombicuboctahedron , is an archimedean solid with eight triangular and eighteen square faces .
6	there are one triangle , two square , and one hexagon on each vertex .
18	10 km , 10,000 m , or 1 e+4 m is equal to : 6.2 miles side of square with area 100 km 2 radius of circle with area 314.159 km 2 the classical greeks used letters of the greek alphabet to represent greek numerals : they used a capital letter mu ( μ ) to represent 10000 , whose name in greek is myriad .
5	the symmetry group of a square belongs to the family of dihedral group , d n ( abstract group type dih n ) , including as many reflections as rotations .
38	a nonomino or jigsaw sudoku puzzle , as seen in the sunday telegraph a nonomino ( or 9-omino ) is a polyomino of order 9 , that is , a polygon in the plane made of 9 equal-sized square connected edge-to-edge .
8	in 1896 , it was replaced by a square , white steel room sitting on steel legs .
39	there are two possible values for k , namely 1 and 2 , and so two possible apex angles , namely : according to the pdn-theorem the quadrilateral a 2 is a regular 4-gon , that is , a square .
7	the diamond , which is the main square in the town , includes a prominent ' obelisk ' celebrating ` the four masters ' , four gaelic historians led by brother mícheál ó cléirigh who wrote the annals of the four masters in the 1630s .
19	compared with dragon quest and such games focused on story , metal max featured an open world similar as square 's romancing saga .
13	for example , a vertex configuration of ( 4,6,8 ) means that a square , hexagon , and octagon meet at a vertex ( with the order taken to be clockwise around the vertex ) .
28	nintendo 's success was partially due to its retention of most of its key third-party developers from its earlier system , including capcom , konami , tecmo , square , koei , and enix .
9	the standard shapes of one-piece mat are rectangular , square , round and elliptic .
19	, also known as , is a player character in the role-playing video game final fantasy vi released by square in 1994 .
14	after creating music for four games as a freelancer , he was employed at square from 1991 to 1998 , where he worked on five games in total .
11	global popularity of video game music would begin to surge with square 's 1990s successes , particularly with final fantasy vi , final fantasy vii and final fantasy viii by nobuo uematsu and with chrono trigger , xenogears and chrono cross by yasunori mitsuda .
10	in the special case , where the trapezoid faces are square or rectangle , the pairs of triangles becoming coplanar and the polyhedron 's geometry is more specifically a right rhombic prism .
8	there is the 1-d split-ring structure with two square rings , one inside the other .
18	the pete initially developed as a pedestrian precinct with the public spaces evolving with bazaar streets , temple square , lakes and maidans ( open grounds ) .
4	was the founder of square in 1986 .
12	after several years of private composition studies he became an employee of square in 1994 .
54	the n - dimensional cross-polytope can also be defined as the closed unit ball ( or , according to some authors , its boundary ) in the -norm on r n : in 1 dimension the cross-polytope is simply the line segment ( 1 , +1 ) , in 2 dimensions it is a square ( or diamond ) with vertices -lcb- ( ± 1 , 0 ) , ( 0 , ± 1 ) -rcb- .
24	however , he was not originally slated to be the protagonist as disney wanted donald duck to be the protagonist of the game while square wanted to have mickey mouse as the protagonist .
3	there are one square , one octagon , and one dodecagon on each vertex .
4	a trigonal trapezohedron with square faces is a cube .
12	in 1995 , less than a year after his death , the square in front of the frankenstadion , home of the 1 .
13	the game 's main designer and director is akira ueda , a former square graphic designer and a prominent contributor to the shining soul games .
8	it is a game that consists of a square floor covered in seven rows and eight columns of tiles ( 56 tiles in total ) .
6	jim mckelvey , the co-founder of square , and gabe lozano , the founder of lockerdome , sit on the advisory board .
21	it is one of the most important intersections in mingora , and there are numerous shops and establishments located around this square .
13	creid ( , meaning '' believe '' ) is the arranged soundtrack to square 's role-playing video game xenogears .
5	it looks like a rounded square with '' sides '' of length and centered on the origin .
5	the torrejones were relatively simple square or egg-shaped structures , with several floors , built of limestone or brick .
36	the five different zener cards are : a hollow circle ( one curve ) , a greek cross ( two lines ) , three vertical wavy lines ( or '' waves '' ) , a hollow square ( four lines ) , and a hollow five-pointed star .
10	however , he eventually applied at the video game company square after he had seen a job advertisement with a drawing by amano .
10	next the outlaw places his red peg on the small square on the opposite end of the board .
8	it has 20 regular triangular faces , 30 square faces , 12 regular pentagon faces , 60 vertices and 120 edges .
24	he spent the next few years working first as a manga illustrator then as a composer for anime series before coming to work for square .
27	international symbol of access the international symbol of access ( isa ) , also known as the ( international ) wheelchair symbol , consists of a blue square overlaid in white with a stylized image of a person using a wheelchair .
17	pythagorean theorem the pythagorean theorem states that : in any right triangle , the area of the square whose side is the hypotenuse ( the side opposite the right angle ) is equal to the sum of the areas of the squares whose sides are the two legs ( the two sides that meet at a right angle ) .
4	biography motomu toriyama joined square around the time of the final fantasy vi launch in 1994 .
22	ted wang is a silicon valley lawyer who represents high profile startups and established technology companies such as facebook , path , square , stumbleupon , twitter , sonos and dropbox .
3	tourism a large square dominates to the village where a roman catholic church is situated from 1590 .
0	square polyomino pentomino puzzle , tetris , lonpos puzzle , fillomino , tentai show , ripple effect ( puzzle ) , lits , nurikabe , sudoku - !
10	an equilateral quadrilateral is a rhombus , which includes the square as a special case .
33	in november 2012 , kabbage won the venturebeat in february 2013 , fast company named kabbage one of the top 10 most innovative companies in finance , along with platforms like paypal and square .
7	in contrast with the case of a square or other polygon , all permutations of the vertices can be achieved by rotation and flipping over ( or reflecting ) .
22	career minagawa had worked at quest corporation alongside his colleagues yasumi matsuno and akihiko yoshida before they all decided to switch to square in 1995 .
8	the reservation , in the shape of a square , is almost evenly divided in land area between the two states , with the northern 50.2 percent in southern owyhee county , idaho and the southern 49.8 percent in northwestern elko county , nevada .
7	it was published by ntt publishing / square on july 15 , 1991 with the catalog number n23d-003 .
7	this enables geometries such as hexes , square and flats to be machined at faster speeds than by milling .
8	his silhouettes took geometry as a reference : square , trapezoid , triangle .
21	distances shorter than 1 µm ~ 0.7 -- 300 µm -- wavelength of infrared radiation 1 µm -- the side of square of area m² 1 µm -- edge of cube of volume m³ ( one fl .
36	final fantasy vii ( ) , also called core crisis ( ) , is a chinese unofficial , unlicensed '' shanzhai '' demake of the 1997 role-playing video game final fantasy vii , originally developed by square for the playstation .
20	rules first , forty-eight cards are dealt into twelve piles of four cards each , forming three sides of a square .
3	in 1991 , square released seiken densetsu , also known as final fantasy adventure or sword of mana in the west , for the game boy .
18	for example , they show immediately that no rectangle can have an inscribed circle unless it is a square , and that every rhombus has an inscribed circle , whereas a general parallelogram does not .
9	such shapes are called polygon and include triangle , square , and pentagon .
18	so : fifth powers are also formed by multiplying a number by its fourth power , or the square of a number by its cube .
12	for example , all circle are similar to each other , all square are similar to each other , and all equilateral triangles are similar to each other .
6	the name has been used in square games .
22	soundtrack development hiroki kikuta , best known for composing the music to seiken densetsu 2 and seiken densetsu 3 while working at square , established sacnoth in 1997 with funding from snk .
15	starting with a given quadrilateral ( a polygon having four sides ) , construct a square on each side .
13	undecorated bottles used as containers for a variety of liquids were blown into square molds to give them corners so they could be packed into compartments of wooden cases .
10	later that same year , game arts licensed thexder to square in order to develop a conversion for the nintendo entertainment system ( nes ) game console .
25	this graphical method is not only suited to racing games ; it is also used extensively for the overworld sections of role-playing games such as square 's popular 1994 game final fantasy vi .
34	related polyhedra crossed octagrammic cupola the crossed octagrammic cupola is a star-cupola made from an octagram , -lcb- 8/5 -rcb- and parallel hexadecagram , -lcb- 16/5 -rcb- , connected by 8 equilateral triangle and square .
22	plaza degetau , formally plaza federico degetau , is the larger of two plaza at plaza las delicias , the main city square in the city of ponce , puerto rico .
17	the middle layer contains two trapezoid pieces , which together may form an irregular hexagon or a square .
8	the body contains the tracks , is a square size 33x33 , and rotates at a speed of 5 degree per turn .
13	in number theory , the sum of the first n cube is the square of the n th triangular number .
8	its frontal façade creates the border of the square .
3	december 18 , square 's hironobu sakaguchi releases final fantasy for the famicom in japan .
31	while comparable to the light-dark world setting of , dragon quest vi featured a unique real world and dream world setting , which he suggests had an influence on the later square role-playing games chrono cross and final fantasy x .
7	for example , any of the six square that bound a cube is a face of the cube .
17	p4 ( 442 ) : 2 × 4-fold , 2 × 2-fold ; rotation group of a square lattice .
5	prior to the merger of square and enix in 2003 , enix did not initially have a localization department and outsourced its western releases to translators who had no close contact with the original development teams .
1	a square has even multiplicity for all prime factors ( it is of the form a 2 for some a ) .
38	net in geometry , the tesseract , also called an 8-cell or regular octachoron or cubic prism , is the four-dimensional analog of the cube ; the tesseract is to the cube as the cube is to the square .
21	early history hawkins county heritage days began in october 1978 when a small crowd gathered despite a downpour on the courthouse square in downtown rogersville to help raise funds for the nascent rogersville heritage association .
65	any non-self-crossing quadrilateral that has an axis of symmetry must be either a kite ( if the axis of symmetry is a diagonal ) or an isosceles trapezoid ( if the axis of symmetry passes through the midpoints of two sides ) ; these include as special cases the rhombus and the rectangle respectively , which have two axes of symmetry each , and the square which is both a kite and an isosceles trapezoid and has four axes of symmetry .
18	( ex : snatcher ) software companies that produced exclusive software for the nec pc-8801 included enix , square , sega , nihon falcom , bandai , hal laboratory , ascii , pony canyon , technology and entertainment software , wolf team , dempa , champion soft , starcraft , micro cabin , psk , and bothtec .
23	monument dedicated to the heroes of the battles of independence of bahia from portugal ( july 2 , 1823 ) , campo grande square .
30	the other , '' small two of pieces ~ screeching shards ~ '' , was the first ending theme with sung lyrics to ever appear in a game developed by square .
11	note : \* - the half operator , h , reduces square faces into digon , with two coinciding edges , which can be replaced by a single edge .
32	a quincunx of pips on the fifth side of a die a quincunx is a geometric pattern consisting of five points arranged in a cross , with four of them forming a square or rectangle and a fifth at its center .
9	the tenth game of the final fantasy series , square 's bestselling role-playing video game final fantasy x features several fictional characters designed by tetsuya nomura who wanted the main characters ' designs and names to be connected with their personalities and roles in the plot .
7	olof-palme-platz in berlin olof-palme-platz is a small square in central berlin next to berlin zoo , since 1991 named after the murdered swedish prime minister olof palme .
24	the diamond-shaped tufa blocks were placed with the pointed ends into the cement core at an angle of roughly 45 degrees , so the square bases formed a diagonal pattern , and the pattern of mortar lines resembled a net .
12	is a 3d fighting game developed by light weight and published by square and sony for the playstation .
36	in the ancient era , it was one of the most important cities of the paeligni and is known for being the native town of ovid , of whom there is a bronze statue in the square known as piazza xx settembre located on the town 's main road also under his name .
19	( see centimetre ) 1 cm -- 10 millimeters 1 cm -- 0.39 inch 1 cm -- edge of square of area 2 1 cm -- edge of cube of volume 1 ml 1 cm -- approximate width of average fingernail 1.5 cm -- length of a very large mosquito 2 cm -- approximate width of an adult human finger 2.54 cm -- 1 inch 3.1 cm -- 1 attoparsec ( 10 − 18 parsec ) 3.5 cm -- width of film commonly used in motion pictures and still photography 4.3 cm -- minimum diameter of a golf ball 7.3-7 .5 cm -- diameter of a baseball 8.6 cm × 5.4 cm -- dimensions of a typical credit card 1 decimetre lengths between 10 centimetre and 100 centimetres ( 10 − 1 metre and 1 metre ) .
21	video the video features d mob and singing in front of people with yellow mask in the shapes of triangle , square and circle , with the occasional mask of an eye .
20	in 1944 , luis roche ordered - with permission of the government - the construction of many avenues and the square .
14	there are only three regular tessellations : those made up of equilateral triangle , square , or regular hexagon .
27	the number 10 , for example , can be arranged as a triangle ( see triangular number ) -rcb- but 10 can not be arranged as a square .
7	soule sent the tape to lucasarts and square .
21	a quadrilateral is affine-regular if and only if it is a parallelogram , which includes rectangle and rhombus as well as square .
5	in mathematics eighty-one is the square of 9 and the fourth power of 3 .
29	'' in february 2014 , fast company listed givedirectly as fourth on its list of the world 's ten most innovative companies in finance , below nice systems , square , and bitcoin .
3	there are one square , one decagon , and one dodecagon on each vertex .
1	every square , rectangle , parallelogram , rhombus , or triangle is rep-4 .
89	game boy ( 1991 ) kirby 's block ball ( 1995 ) game boy color watch gallery 2 ( 1998 ) watch gallery 3 ( 1999 ) game boy advance densetsu no stafy ( 2002 ) watch gallery 4 ( 2002 ) densetsu no stafy 2 ( 2003 ) densetsu no stafy 3 ( 2004 ) nintendo ds super princess peach ( 2005 ) densetsu no stafy 4 ( 2006 ) the legendary starfy ( 2008 ) games ported by tose tose has ported a few games , including square and enix games for the nintendo entertainment system and super nintendo entertainment system .
14	the starter kit includes 92 pieces of various geometric shapes including a triangle , square , and hexagon , various beams and connectors , and treads that can be attached to shapes to form wheels .
24	development fullmetal alchemist and the broken angel was developed by the japan company racjin and initially produced by enix , before their merger with square in april 2003 .
9	54 can be written as the sum of three square in three different ways : .
17	is an action game for the nintendo super famicom , developed by hal laboratory and published by square .
15	the hexadecagonal prism and the octagonal antiprism are uniform polyhedra , with regular bases and square or equilateral triangular sides .
11	for example , 3.4.3.4 is the cuboctahedron with alternating triangular and square faces around each vertex .
21	overview falcom was one of the three most important japanese role-playing video game developers in the 1980s , alongside enix and square , both of which were influenced by falcom .
6	markt is the name of a square in rosmalen , north brabant , netherlands .
25	on the bottom part of the screen is a small keyboard , on which there are some shapes ( triangle , circle , diamond , square , etc. ) .
49	a woman wearing a bandana on her head a woman wearing a bandana on her head red and blue bandanas in traditional paisley patterns bandanas a kerchief ( from the french couvre-chef , '' cover the head '' ) also known as a bandana , is a triangular or square piece of cloth tied around the head or around the neck for protective or decorative purposes .
0	square ( regular quadrilateral ) : all four sides are of equal length ( equilateral ) , and all four angles are right angles .
16	pintaderas were usually decorated with ornate geometric shapes , including zigzag , triangle , rectangle , square and circle .
13	the series began in 1987 as an eponymous role-playing video game developed by square , spawning a video game series that became the central focus of the franchise .
16	for the basketball term boxing out see rebound ( basketball ) a boxout is an approximately square - shaped design element that contains text or graphics separate from the main body of text or graphics on the page .
11	doug perry of ign said the game was an attempt by square to '' cash in '' on the popular kart racer genre created by nintendo 's successful mario kart .
5	it is a polyform with square cells .
69	typical woods include : nanmu , durable softwood zitan ( red sandalwood ) zhangmu ( camphor tree , cinnamomum camphora ) bomu yinxing ( ginkgo biloba ) hongmu ( padauk , redwood or blackwood ) , suan zhi in cantonese longan ( dragon eye ) mahogany methodology classical mudiao is begun by selecting a whole block of wood , sawing it into a regular shape , such as a square flat board , then using edged carving tools to sculpt pictures either in bas-relief or in three-dimensions .
12	it is staffed by veteran game design from videogame companies that include square , ubisoft , and ea .
36	sides the sides a , b , c , and d of any quadrilateral satisfy and maximum and minimum properties among all quadrilaterals with a given perimeter , the one with the largest area is the square .
13	, or ( 5 squared ) , can be shown graphically using a square .
8	the 6-cube is prismatic ( product of a square and a cube ) , but is considered separately because it has symmetries other than those inherited from its factors .
10	when unspecified , the base is usually assumed to be square .
12	concept and creation final fantasy x-2 marks the first soundtrack where former square composer nobuo uematsu did not contribute a single piece , despite having composed the majority of the soundtrack for the predecessor , final fantasy x , as he was already busy with other projects .
6	is a fighting game published by square , released in both japan and north america in 1998 .
31	the café novelty ( coffeehouse novelty ) is the oldest café in the city of salamanca ( spain ) , which was founded in 1905 and is situated in the main square of the city , plaza mayor de salamanca .
3	in 1986 , square released the science fiction adventure game suishō no dragon for the nes console .
11	the term is occasionally used to refer to a non - square rectangle .