16	the wraith was later among the seventeen criminals murdered by the scourge who were resurrected by hood using the power of dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
17	plot norman osborn calls a meeting of the supervillain cabal , consisting of doctor doom , the hood , taskmaster , and the asgardian god loki , to discuss asgard , the home of the norse gods , now located floating above broxton , oklahoma , and the last holdout in osborn 's consolidation of power .
20	the human fly is among the eighteen criminals that were murdered by scourge of the underworld to be resurrected by hood using the power of dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
22	after the punisher fails to assassinate osborn due to the intervention of sentry during the dark reign storyline , osborn asks the hood to hunt him down .
14	sarah helped rogue in killing the sandman only to be shot down by the hood .
17	the basilisk was resurrected - with sixteen other criminals murdered by scourge - by master criminal the hood using the power of the entity dormammu .
9	letha and titania were resurrected years later by the hood , alongside several other victims of the scourge .
11	in this , she is the second in command of the hood 's criminal syndicate , as well as being his mistress .
15	post-civil war and secret invasion someone that looks like shockwave was among the members of hood 's crime syndicate .
6	madame masque is hired by the hood to take advantage of the split in the superhero community caused by the superhuman registration act .
45	other long-distance outings of note included one man and his chauffeur covering 10,000 miles in the united states with no breakdowns , as well as a pathfinder 12 driven by walter weidely ( son of george weidely , the designer of the engine under the hood ) cross-country for a total of 4921 miles .
3	the bonnet ( hood ) was forward-hinged and the panel extended over the front wheel arches .
4	mcneill fired over the hood of manauzzi 's car but was wounded by return fire from platt 's ruger mini-14 rifle .
10	the fluid is dispensed through small nozzle mounted on the hood .
4	the logo on the hood featured the lamborghini bull inside the chrysler pentastar .
12	european versions of the car also had an air intake on the hood .
18	sharing most of its sheet-metal with the maverick , it used a different grille , taillight , and hood , as well as different badging .
16	this was sometimes not the case however and certain kustoms packed some serious punch under the hood .
20	sulley , trying to be helpful but confused by the massive amount of buttons on the dashboard , pops the hood open .
42	the world rally championship - winning mitsubishi lancer evolution and the dakar rally - winning mitsubishi pajero provided the engine and drivetrain , while chief stylist mike desmond acknowledged the influence of formula one in the '' nosecone '' front grille and hood .
27	merci is a czech company based in slatina , brno selling and manufacturing laboratory equipment , devices , and many other things used in laboratories , like hood , glassware , or chemicals .
4	boilersuits with an attached hood are available .
7	the area termed capucha ( literally '' hood '' ) took up the right-hand side of the attic .
10	only in the tudor period ( 1485 ) , when hood became increasingly popular , did veils of this type become less common .
7	one of the women is wearing a hood over her head .
2	hat , hood , and other headdress assumed increasing importance , and were swagged , draped , jewelled , and feather .
22	the basic garments for women consisted of the smock , hose , kirtle , gown , surcoat , girdle , cape , hood , and bonnet .
17	traditional inuit anorak traditional caribou parka a parka or anorak is a type of coat with a hood , often lined with fur or faux fur .
1	pointed hood were used by various orders and catholic lay confraternities for processions , e.g. the semana santa of sevilla who wore the capirote .
6	dick is instructed to remove a hood from a fourth figure , fox , followed by his gag , blindfold and earplug .