16	it has been often said they were built by the mile and cut off by the yard .
36	during the packers ' eighth week match against the denver broncos , wynn suffered a shoulder injury that ruled him out for the game ; grant took over in the second quarter and ran for 104 yard in a 19 -- 13 overtime win .
10	the length of the marathon ( 26 miles and 385 yard ) was dictated by the one run at 1908 olympic games in london .
12	this is a list of national football league players by total career yard from scrimmage gained .
19	since 1960 the term has usually referred to the international foot , defined as being one third of a yard , making it 0.3048 meters exactly .
17	these bars often used a unit of measure called a rod , of length equal to 5.5 yard , 5.0292 metre , 16.5 feet , or of a statute mile .
22	the young thundering herd went on to upset the xavier musketeers on the last play of the game : a 13 - yard screen pass from quarterback reggie oliver to freshman fullback terry gardner , in their home opener .
43	originally based on the distance between a man 's outstretched arms , the size of a fathom has varied slightly depending on whether it was defined as a thousandth of an ( admiralty ) nautical mile or as a multiple of the imperial yard .
7	matthews records a playing area of 200 yard , with the goal markers at each end set ten yards apart .
50	origin ge ( e ) rdes is a patronymic derived from the name '' gerd '' , short for gerard , meaning '' hard spear '' , or from the norse god gerd ( meaning '' gerd 's protection '' ) , wife of freyr and protectress of the home yard and garden , from which she also derives her name as a personification of the garden/yard .
5	a white mast carrying a yard , gaff and rigging , topped by a small gilded sphere , is situated to the south of the amphitheatre 's open area .
7	not shown are optional downhauls for the yard , battens , and boom .
24	its purposes include carrying sail , spars , and derrick , and giving necessary height to a navigation light , look-out position , signal yard , control position , radio aerial or signal lamp .
28	a replica of the batavia flying a spritsail ( lower right ) and a sprit-topsail on large sailing ships a spritsail is a square-rigged sail carried on a yard below the bowsprit .
6	yardarm : an end of a yard spar below a sail .
0	yard were added to the ship 's mizzenmast in june 1866 and royal oak was given a full ship rig which she retained for the rest of her career .
25	its compact size allowed the foot of the sail to be drawn up as closely as possible to the buntline deadeye on top of the yard .
22	for instance , the brace on the weather side is under a considerable strain , and its parting would allow the entire yard to swing free , a rather ugly prospect for a spar up to 30 meters long .
17	in both rigs , the upper side of the sail is attached to a spar , the yard , which is hoisted up the mast by a rope known as the halyard .
8	they are attached to the top of the yard and , left loose , would hang behind the sail .