13	he has often assisted the canadian disabled community , including serving as honorary chair of the and chairman emeritus of the .
19	in july 2009 , at the mayor of london and hm government 's request , he set up and chair a board directing the cultural olympiad , and also joined the london organising committee for the olympic games board .
5	the match started with several chair shots from both competitors .
17	a panel was set up by cr administration to supervise the establishment , with boonsing boonkham as chair .
18	nga adopted a policy in 1977 formalizing its standard practice for many years : the position of nga chair alternates yearly between republican and democratic governors , so that neither party can control the position for two consecutive years .
10	plot synopsis a naked woman is seen sitting on a chair in a room with view .
9	it was first announced by bill gates , the chair of microsoft on 1 august 1988 at comdex in las vegas .
6	he is well known as the chair of the editorial committee for the international code of botanical nomenclature ( icbn ) - both the previous st louis code ( 2000 ) , and tokyo code ( 1994 ) , but not the current vienna code ( 2006 ) .
24	vytlacil invited holty to participate in discussions which led to the formation of the american abstract artists , which holty would eventually come to chair , retaining his membership until 1944 .
3	he was also chair of chemistry and toxicology in the columbian university and later its dean .
12	li was transferred to professor of zhejiang university , and was the chair of its department of civil engineering .
2	jpg thonet chair wien museum karlplatz file : thonet-exhibition 58 .
35	he is a member for life of clare hall , cambridge , at the university of cambridge , and is retired as a full professor of the university of melbourne , where he was previously chair of agriculture , dean of land and food resources , dean of agriculture , forestry and horticulture ( now faculty of land and environment ) .
9	typically in a sidewalk cafe there are table and chair ( and sometimes bench ) for dining and relaxing .