14	'' the album was produced by trevor horn , who has also produced for seal and the english dance-pop band frankie goes to hollywood .
4	'' her rendition of seal 's '' kiss from a rose '' was nominated for best ac single at the 2006 canadian radio music awards , while her version of etta james ' '' at last '' was featured in the real divas torch light volume 2 compilation .
33	among the artists that have performed here are bob dylan , b.b . king , enrique bunbury , julio iglesias , boz scaggs , merle haggard , george lopez , jamie foxx , seal , something corporate and jaguares .
33	come vivrei is an enchanting italian adaption of trisha yearwood 's grammy award winning song , how do i live , whereas other classics included are the poetic kiss from a rose by seal , and crying by roy orbison , both reworked into baritone adaptions from their original versions .
23	since moving to london , allen has shared the stage with artists such as emmylou harris , mark knopfler , kt tunstall , seal and josé gonzález .
6	'' dreaming in metaphors '' by seal .
20	'' and t-pain 's '' i 'm in love with a stripper '' as well as prominent artists such as seal , johnny cash and more earning him awards and accolades as prestigious as both , international and american , 2004 remix artist of the year .
7	hits is a 2009 compilation album by seal , released by warner bros. records .
23	since then , ruslan has been touring , performing and recording with major artists ( in addition to clarke ) , such as seal , josh groban , al jarreau , ne-yo , chick corea , eric benét , marcus miller , dennis chambers , rachelle ferrell , diane warren , los angeles philharmonic and countless others .
61	throughout the series , music is featured from artists including : bell biv devoe , the doors , biz markie , enigma , joe esposito , stacy q , rick astley , extreme , heart , ray parker , jr . , yello , rick derringer , bruce springsteen , soul asylum , bon jovi , whitesnake , steve winwood , seal , kate bush , deee-lite , styx , boyz ii men , alphaville , berlin , thin lizzy , the go-go 's , wolfgang amadeus mozart , and franz schubert .
8	the army 's formation insignia was a trained seal balancing on its nose a terrestrial globe showing the eastern hemisphere , black on a white background .
44	work recht 's work is considered to be innovative in its use of indigenous , new and unconventional materials and technologies though also seen by many to be controversial due to the use of materials such as minke whale foreskin , spider silk , seal and human skin .
6	paleobiology cryptoclidus oxoniensis due to their seal - like body plan , small plesiosaurs such as cryptoclidus have been depicted as amphibious animals instead of fully marine reptiles .
21	for example , shuvalov obtained for himself an exclusive right to export lumber , lard , blubber oil and monopolized the seal trade .
12	captain ahab scoffs at this , saying they have merely passed a seal colony in the night .
27	sharks and rays tiger shark and albatross ( winner : albatross ) torpedo ray and reef fish ( winner : torpedo ray ) great white shark and seal ( winner : great white shark ) 4 .
38	annabelle was one of the first animals when the zoo was founded as the alaska children 's zoo in 1969 , along with several orphaned and injured animals in need of homes , including a black bear , seal , arctic fox , and petting zoo goat .
29	in this cold climate plant life is mainly limited to grasses , moss and lichen , while the main animals are insects along with large populations of seabird , seal and penguin .
24	paleobiology fossil remains of many other animals -- including baleen whale , beaked whale , dolphin , porpoise , shark , sea turtle , seal and sea bird -- have been found at the same site where the remains of l. melvillei have been excavated .
13	these include canine distemper virus ( dog ) , phocine distemper virus ( seal ) , cetacean morbillivirus ( dolphin and porpoise ) newcastle disease virus ( birds ) and rinderpest virus ( cattle ) .
0	seal of the faculty of arts from the second half of the 17th century following the hussite wars , the faculty of liberal arts became the nucleus of the university for two centuries .
13	in a symbolic vote , all present approved , and puyi stamped his seal to enact the law , ending the manchukuo government after 13 years and five months .
2	alexander 's seal , which names him '' s'alexandri de isle '' , contains a lymphad with two men therein .
8	city logo the st. catharines logo ( or seal ) performs much the same function as a coat of arms .
6	design the flag has the city seal emblazoned on quartered background , with each section representing a country that once controlled detroit .
24	he could at the same time have succeeded the painter sebastiano del piombo in his lucrative office as holder of the piombo or papal seal , and he was prepared to take holy orders for the purpose ; but the project lapsed through his being summoned away from venice in 1547 to paint charles v and others in augsburg .
8	it survives with tags which once attached a seal , now lost .
2	sumerian cylinder seal also depict houses built from reeds not unlike those built by the marsh arabs of southern iraq until as recently as 400 ad .
40	he is found at ayr on 23 october 1269 , confirming the rights of paisley abbey to some churches in the bishopric of argyll ; and is found at paisley on 6 may -- 9 july 1270 , attaching his seal to two charters granted by a landowner from cowal to the abbey .
9	important devices attached to royal charters were double-sided waxen seal , used to authentic such instruments .
38	impact on energy consumption air curtains can be used to save energy by reducing the heat transfer ( via mass transfer when air mixes across the threshold ) between two spaces , although a closed and well - seal physical door is much more effective .
18	he had been sealed near the great pyramids of giza until freed by the breaking of the combined seal in japan .
10	uses an epdm rubber roof epdm rubber is used in seal ( for example , it is used in cold-room doors since it is an insulator , as well as in the face seals of industrial respirators in automotive paint spray environments , where silicone must be avoided ) .
19	at the same time a hurried population of consumer wanted a fast and easy way to open and effectively seal food bags -- originally bread hence the name .
28	lid of a tic tac mint case a lid , also known as a cap , is part of a container , and serves as the cover or seal , usually one that completely closes the object .
7	a rubber gasket makes for a tight seal against the wire .
38	construction scuba diver with bifocal lenses in mask diving masks may have a single , durable , tempered glass plate in front of the eye and a '' skirt '' of rubber or silicone to create a watertight seal with the diver 's face .
6	the tight fit of the mask seal around the face and the retention strips wrapping around the back of the head were uncomfortable in long sessions .
59	typical o-ring and application an o-ring , also known as a packing , or a toric joint , is a mechanical gasket in the shape of a torus ; it is a loop of elastomer with a round cross-section , designed to be seated in a groove and compressed during assembly between two or more parts , creating a seal at the interface .
12	applications one major engineering application is oil drilling components , such as seal , compressor rings , valve parts , gear , bearing , and wire coatings .