14	this gives the prosector , a pathologist or assistant , maximum exposure to the trunk .
9	surface landmarks surface projections of the organs of the trunk , from which organ locations are derived mainly from vertebra levels , rib and the ilium .
11	the dance itself consists of quick rhythmic moves especially with the trunk or upper body .
21	'' function the major function of the gluteus maximus is to extend the flexed thigh and bring it inline with the trunk .
20	function the serratus posterior inferior draws the lower ribs backward and downward to assist in rotation and extension of the trunk .
10	observing the fossils , notharctus tenebrosus had long hindlimb , trunk , and tail .
17	fossils of pterichtyodes showing eyes positioned on the direct of the head and a '' ventrally flattened trunk shield '' suggest that it was a '' bottom dweller '' , living at the bottom of lakes , where it might have crawled using its pectoral appendages .
8	png surface projections of the organs of the trunk , with transpyloric plane labeled at l1 image : gray1034 .
13	it is similar to other rough sharks in having a stout , high trunk , a dorsally depressed head , and two sail-like dorsal fin with deeply embedded spines .
9	during forced expiration for speech , muscles of the trunk and abdomen reduce the size of the thoracic cavity by compressing the abdomen or pulling the rib cage down forcing air out of the lungs .
9	epicormic buds under the often thick bark of the trunk and branch are ready to sprout new stem and leaves after a fire .
10	the plant uniquely grows hanging upside down off a larger trunk or branch of a larger tree , often in rather cool and dry forest environments at of elevation .
10	the aerial stem of an adult tree is called a trunk .
9	the flower are produced in clusters directly on the trunk and older branches ; this is known as cauliflory .
10	it is an arborescent ( tree-like ) species with a trunk up to 4 m tall , frequently producing suckers ( vegetative offshoots ) .
23	fructification ( ) are the generative parts of the plant ( flower and fruit ) ( as opposed to its vegetative parts : trunk , root and leaves ) .
16	botany ackee is an evergreen tree that grows about 10 metres tall , with a short trunk and a dense crown .
11	the gray or brown bark is smooth - lenticel and the trunk is thick .
23	the live crown is the top part of a tree , the part that has green leaves ( as opposed to the bare trunk , bare branches , and dead leaves ) .
3	its unusual square-looking trunk spared it from felling when most of the large kauri trees in the area were logged during the late 19th century .
22	the sl opened up the apollo range with remote exterior mirrors , intermittent windscreen wipers , heated rear screen demister , remote trunk release for sedans and fuel filler door , a two-speaker radio cassette player and tinted side and rear glass .
7	other criticisms include the lack of a trunk , rear window , spare tire and radio , and the way the car 's engine was limited or '' drugged '' .
37	the other changes were minor ( e.g. a slight modification to the extruded aluminum grille , a front sway bar made standard on six-cylinder models , and an optional black vinyl roof cover that continued over the trunk opening ) .
9	the corpse was found that same day in the trunk of a red renault 4 in via michelangelo caetani in the historic center of rome .
17	reflections modelled every part of the car separately ( tire , car door , car light , trunk , etc. ) and then they 've combined it all together into a single vehicle .
31	this concept vehicle was a multi-purpose vehicle ( mpv ) with rear-hinged-doors , that addressed the needs of families , with a roomy cabin in a compact package and a large trunk .
13	unlike the bmw x5 , the x-coupe had an aluminium body , a trunk opening downwards and two doors that swing outward .
8	after his arrest , police discovered in the trunk of kraft 's vehicle a coded list depicting cryptic references to his victims , leading kraft to becoming known as the scorecard killer in addition to the freeway killer .
21	in the uncensored version , stan is shown drinking at the wheel of the car before showing dido struggling in the trunk of the car .
8	the gas flap was built so that the trunk could be added to the total cargo area of the delorean .