11	while at its simplest the throwing stick is just a heavy club thrown at the game , a well designed throwing stick uses the principles of an airfoil shape and gyroscopic stability ; the oldest of these dates back 200,000 years to ancient poland .
8	after a four year stint on philadelphia 's club circuit , they recruited a new lead vocalist , george williams in 1960 , and changed their name to the tymes .
8	stewarts & lloyds corby a.f.c. is a football club based in corby , northamptonshire , england .
17	she instituted book talk , monthly program meetings , a story hour and a variety of other club .
9	it is a hip hop song with influences of club music , and is backed by a looped production containing elements of synthesizer and string instrument , and a repetitive bassline .
1	a club version of the song was later released featuring eminem and mos def .
17	logistics typically , the audience capacity for a house concert is smaller than at a coffeehouse or club .
43	the subsequent singles '' in your eyes '' , '' love at first sight '' and '' come into my world '' were successful throughout the world , and minogue established a presence in the mainstream north american market , particularly in the club scene .
36	like nearly all delerium singles to date since '' silence '' , the single release put greater emphasis on a number of trance remix commissioned by nettwerk music group in order to promote the song through club play .
10	these places include airport , shopping mall , park , club , supermarket , campus , and other popular locations .
4	tipstaves ( the short club after which the office is named ) on display at bedford museum history crossed tipstaffs within a wreath - rank of police assistant chief constable or commander in the uk the office of the tipstaff is thought to have been created in the 14th century .
16	in 1995 , white faced criminal charges of possessing deadly weapons , a knife and a club , distributing obscene material , and attempting to escape from police custody , arising out of the distribution of political leaflets .
101	a partial list of such titles includes personal title , such as lord , knight , right honourable , indicating an earned or inherited rank or position within a formal power structure ; command rank , such as captain , sergeant , etc. , indicating likewise a very specific position in a command hierarchy , e.g. police rank or military rank ; an academic degree or professional designation such as phd , p.eng or m.d. , whether this be purely honorary or symbolic , or associated with credentials attesting to specific competence , learning , or skills ; labor union and club memberships ; persons allowed access to specific areas during special events , such as concerts and shows ; citizenship , as in the case of passport and birth certificate .
13	the four had met in 2001 after a live show in a magdeburg club , where listing and schäfer , who knew each other from music school , watched from the audience while bill and tom kaulitz played on the stage .
6	his weapon of choice is a club but he is dangerous with every weapon .
26	in 2005 , the dance music took place on a second stage on the saturday only and in 2006 it took place off site at a club on the saturday night .
14	sky media limited originally formed to investigate the possibility of beaming sports programming into club and pub using high performance 4 metre satellite dishes by jarvis and an engineering associate brian green but was redirected into pay television following successful bidding in 1990 for four groups of uhf frequencies in the auckland , hamilton and tauranga region .
11	career silva started producing house music in 1992 , just as club culture was getting established in lisbon .
5	she is in the drama club at her real world school , and she is often singing songs from rent .
14	nautical athletical organization of mati attika ( abbreviation : naoma ) is a sailing club located in mati , in the eastern part of the attica region in greece .
5	types newsletters are published by club , churches , societies , associations , and businesses -- especially companies -- to provide information of interest to members , customers , or employees .
7	the stones can shoot out of his club , killing enemies .
9	his iconographic attributes are the lion skin and the club .
2	private member club were not exempted .
12	the latter would later be sampled for the 2005 dance radio and club hit '' love on my mind '' by the freemasons featuring amanda wilson .
7	bk děčín is a czech professional basketball club based in the city of děčín .
22	a listings magazine is a magazine which contains information about the upcoming week 's events such as broadcast programming , music , club , theatre and film information ; examples include time out magazine in the uk , tv hebdo ( québec ) in canada , and tv guide in the us .
50	in 1807 , gibraltar merchants had founded a library in bedlam court , as they were denied membership of the garrison library , it being available only to members of the british garrison in the city ( the garrison library functioned not only as a library , but as a club , owned and run by and for military officers ; civilians were excluded , regardless of their prominence ) .
11	he moved to the us for a solo career on the club circuit , encouraged by the likes of wilson pickett and sam & dave , playing las vegas with the righteous brothers .
35	'' during the rolling stone interview , he spoke about if the first two singles were representative of the direction of the album , saying : '' i feel like it 's representative of the club side of the album but i 'm really trying to give people all sides of me .
21	as weapons , the zulu warrior carried the iklwa stabbing spear ( losing one could result in execution ) and a club or cudgel fashioned from dense hardwood known in zulu as the iwisa , usually called the knobkerrie in english , for beating an enemy in the manner of a mace .
19	his first success was his remix of dj sakin 's '' protect your mind '' , which became a club track .
12	design the morning star is a medieval weapon consisting of a spiked club resembling a mace , usually with a long spike extending straight from the top and many smaller spikes around the particle of the head .
7	they then began to build up a club reputation as a tight , close harmony band and in 1966 , finding themselves in the middle of the 1960s swinging london scene , they decided to update their image and instrumentation .
24	killed in : '' ice cold killa '' jizzy b. is the biggest pimp in san fierro , the owner of the pleasure domes club and a member of the loco syndicate .
40	opus dei supporter william o'connor wrote that a person 's spiritual life is a private matter , and that the practice of not divulging membership lists is common to many organizations such as trade union , hospitals , schools and club .
1	the club was established on february 22 , 2008 by a small group of trek enthusiasts in chennai , india .
16	'' some of the songs are concerned with a sense of paranoia and alienation in british club culture .
30	kim and chae were forced to work for 14 hours a day ; if they did n't work well , they were beaten by an iron bar or an wooden club .
10	a stock example is 倶楽部 ( kurabu ) for '' club '' , where the characters can be interpreted loosely in sequence as '' together '' , '' fun '' and '' place '' .
41	major themes the place that dane visits in his dream or his supernatural and time-expanding experience , as james cleverly does n't specify seems a combination of retreat house , convent , country home , hotel , spa , resort and club .
10	a mace is a blunt weapon , a type of club or virge that uses a heavy head on the end of a handle to deliver powerful blows .
17	'' just dance '' also has influences of b and lyrically speaks about being intoxicated at a club .
14	relatively unknown outside their home country , they have had international success with the club track , '' helium '' .
4	other spelling pronunciations are club pronounced , iceberg pronounced in spain ( in american spanish , it 's pronounced ) , and folclor and folclore as translations of folklore , pronounced and .
7	) was described more as a dance-pop club hit than as a christmas song even peaking at number-one on the romanian top 100 .
8	conway was talent-spotted while playing in a london club , signed to emi 's columbia label and spent the mid-1950s providing backing for artists on their roster , including gracie fields and joan regan .
19	thematically , the album 's subject matter mostly concerns self-aggrandisement , sex , social commentary , and '' the club '' .
21	linda now travels all over the nation and around the world for her performances making appearances in numerous casino venues , club venues and outdoor festival venues .
21	before their adoption of guns , the plains indians hunted with spear , bows and arrows , and various forms of club .
22	within minutes , a north korean guard truck crossed the bridge and approximately 20 more north korean guards disembarked carrying crowbar and club .
8	the large number of sailing events organized by club and syndicate , like oceanic races and typical boats ( wooden fishing boats and canoe ) races , demonstrates the sport 's growing force .
13	in the netherlands , eye-d and dj hidden are frequent guests at underground club nights prspct and smackdown .
2	the current club structure was built in 1960 .
6	new brighton a.f.c. is a soccer club in christchurch , new zealand .
1	in club play she was a member of the 2001 golden west team that won the winter junior nationals , and was named mvp of the tournament .
5	a film society is a club where people can watch screenings of films which would otherwise not be shown in mainstream cinema .
15	typical amenities offered can include one or more swimming pool tennis court community centre or club golf course marina on-site dining playground exercise rooms including workout machines spa around the world ` protective ' spikes in ` security-zone ' communities trinity west , one of the few gated subdivisions in trinity , florida , u.s. in brazil , the most widespread form of gated community is called '' condomínio fechado '' ( closed housing estate ) and is the object of desire of the upper classes .
19	marching two-step were a local gigging band for a few years , but never managed to grow beyond the club scene .
23	he did not quit performing musically , but began to cover songs that started a career with a recurring gig at the brooklyn club , casablanca .
11	extras were used as background dancers to create a sort of club atmosphere .
13	after a spell as a catwalk model , she scored a number of club hits after recording with the group the biz in 1983 .
12	this stone has been used by the great basin tribes for war club and pipes that are jet black with a high gloss when polished .
16	it features news and creative input from all sections of the school community , including regular club reports and interviews with famous former pupils .
12	originally , raw stylus released white label vinyl records into the london club scene in the early 1990s .
21	clwb ifor bach on womanby street clwb ifor bach ( , ) is a cardiff nightclub , music venue , welsh-language club and community centre .
24	these include a coles supermarket , tavern , restaurant , general practitioner , dentist , bp service station , fire station , rugby union club , child care and several other businesses .
19	musical career supafly is best known for 2005 's '' let 's get down '' - which was a club hit around the world and used by the australia television network fox8 as their summer theme song ; and for '' moving too fast '' in late 2006 , which sampled from the phil collins ' hit '' another day in paradise '' .
42	the editorial column of the first issue sided clearly against fascism : luigi pirandello , for his devotion to benito mussolini , was one of becco giallo satirical target , and used to be called p. randello ( randello in italian means club ) .
16	the european-influenced music is layered and textured with many music modalities , differing from their past club - oriented albums .
25	to strengthen the catholic education offered by the college , the legion of mary , the solidarity of our lady , and the catechists ' club were organized in the 1960 's .
40	association with wushu/kung fu the chinese lion dance ( especially the taiwanese lion , 臺灣獅 ) has close relations to kung fu or wǔshù ( 武術 ) and the dancers are usually martial art members of the local kung fu club or school .
18	the band 's popularity increased when they were asked to play a two-week stint at ronnie scott 's club in london , opening for chick corea , a run that was eventually lengthened to three weeks .
16	description tales depict the dagda as a figure of immense power , armed with a magic club and associated with a cauldron .
16	animaritime is an anime and gaming convention founded by members of the mount allison university anime club .
21	the second single was '' breathe '' , which reached number 36 on the hot 100 and became a top five club hit .
20	fort nelson chapter of the daughters of the american revolution chapter house is a historic daughters of the american revolution club located at portsmouth , virginia .
14	featuring the vocals of tracy ackerman , '' everytime '' proved to be a club hit , due to the balearic trance interpretation by nalin & kane , who had earlier in the year had enjoyed crossover success with '' beachball '' .
20	singles in april 2006 , a remix of '' no hay igual '' featuring calle 13 was issued as a club single in the us .
10	in essence , it is a short stave or wooden club thrown as a projectile to hunt small game such as rabbits or waterfowl .
19	his first single was '' i wanna lick the pussy '' ( 1994 ) , which became a regional club hit without the assistance of radio airplay .
25	the sport klub windhoek , also known as sk windhoek , skw , and cymot skw due to sponsorship reasons , is a namibia sports club based in windhoek .
18	when his band dissolved , alen started playing football in jedinstvo from bihać , then a second league club .
4	there are currently 31 club and only 14 courses , compared with the hundreds which existed before .
21	she approached ades and asked him if he would be willing to transform '' i begin to wonder '' from a club song to a pop song .
22	ann siang road , which has elegantly restored shophouses today , was once the traditional home of clan associations and exclusive social club .
17	thornhill joined the prodigy along with keith flint after they met liam howlett at a local rave club .
25	steve beckett , co-owner of warp , has said that the electronic music the label was releasing at that point was targeting a post - club , home-listening audience .
9	grand army of the republic hall is a historic club building located at johnstown , cambria county , pennsylvania .
7	due to his increasing popularity in the club scene and especially in the gay community , he was hailed as the '' hottest dj of 2005 '' by out magazine in their june issue .
5	stotfold f.c. is a football club based at stotfold , bedfordshire , england .
33	the parcel , over and containing a great deal of wooded and undeveloped land , wetlands , a tennis court , and a sarasota school of architecture structure that served as a private club or recreation lounge for a bay front home opposite it on bay shore road that was sold separately from the house and held for a long time by a developer .
12	in order to pay the rental fees , cartwright organized a ball club so that he could collect the needed money .
4	she danced in small club along hollywood 's sunset strip , introducing herself to performers , managers , and agents .
15	the song peaked at # 4 in the uk singles chart , and became a club favorite .
49	other artists who have used samples from wright 's 1975 -- 81 recordings include dilated peoples , atmosphere , infamous mobb , t.i. and armand van helden , the last of whom incorporated part of '' comin ' apart '' ( from the right place ) in his 2004 club hit '' my my my '' .
27	nick littlemore of the australian electorock outfit , empire of the sun , lends a hand on the production , which gives the song a retro synthpop club feel .
20	in 1994 , his single '' eighteen strings '' also written as '' 18 strings '' , became an international club hit .