22	it was so named in 1902 by the swedish surveyor johan gunnar andersson who found old english try pot used to render seal oil at the site .
1	the seal of bishop william de bondington .
1	( seal ) ( 1963-1981 ) sold to stapletask ltd , sittingbourne , kent , england .
10	culleenamore is a diverse animal habitat , and also a seal sanctuary .
22	another image shows the pope and a number of bishops presenting a large papal bull , carrying a total of 11 ecclesiastic seal but no text .
39	it featured a beached female hyneria attempting to catch prey by sliding along the muddy ground like a walrus to catch two hynerpeton ( with the narrator explaining that it could '' attack like a killer whale after a seal '' ) .
10	the clerk also was the custodian of the court 's seal , which is used to authenticate copies of the court 's order , judgments and other records .
41	1981 - 1985 : conservatory köln 1985 - 1988 : scholarship holder at the herbert karajan stiftung in berlin for classic trumpet ( professors : robert platt and ack van rooyen ) baldauf played with james brown , liza minnelli , seal , shirley bassey , michael bublé , and he was on tour with maceo parker , joe zawinul , shirley bassey , udo jürgens .
9	present-day provinces of thailand this list includes all the seal of the provinces of thailand .
36	a change is gonna come -- single cover it 's a man 's man 's man 's world -- single cover it 's alright -- single cover soul is the sixth studio album by british singer seal , which was released on 10 november 2008 .
32	at the height of her days at malmaison , joséphine had the company of kangaroos , emus , black swans , zebras , sheep , gazelles , ostriches , chamois , a seal , antelopes and llama to name a few .
33	come vivrei is an enchanting italian adaption of trisha yearwood 's grammy award winning song , how do i live , whereas other classics included are the poetic kiss from a rose by seal , and crying by roy orbison , both reworked into baritone adaptions from their original versions .
5	the flexible nature of this seal allows pressure effects to cross the barrier but not the material being contained .
13	soul 2 is the eighth studio album by british soul / b singer seal .
8	industries in kangiqsualujjuaq include hunting of caribou , seal and beluga whale , arctic char fishing , and the production of inuit art .
11	monheim was awarded its town rights shortly after and the oldest seal of the town dates from 1340 .
23	however , the dyes in these cells also suffer from degradation under heat and uv light and the cell casing is difficult to seal due to the solvents used in assembly .
44	the population in 2002 was the indigenous population ( from 1872 to the 1950s when it was resettled to the mainland ) consisted of about 50 -- 300 nenetses who subsisted mainly on fishing , trapping , reindeer herding , polar bear hunting and seal hunting .
13	2013 -- present in april 2013 , connie mitchell was a mentor to seal 's artists on the australian version of the voice .
2	the state seal of azad kashmir was adopted in 1975 and symbolizes the state 's ideological foundation , the basis of its heritage and its guiding principles .
13	more than twenty years on , he is still active , producing with seal , tina turner , paul mccartney , tom jones , cher , simple minds , belle and sebastian , t.a.t.u. , charlotte church , captain , pet shop boys and robbie williams among his many credits .
7	pingu 's friends robby is a gray seal .
8	city logo the st. catharines logo ( or seal ) performs much the same function as a coat of arms .
35	psychrobacter lutiphocae is a gram-negative , aerobic oxidase - and catalase - positive , non - spore - forming , non-motile bacterium from the genus of psychrobacter which was isolated from the faeces of a seal in schleswig-holstein in germany .
0	seal of alexander ii , king of scots .
23	the 2006 delhi sealing drive was a campaign by the municipal corporation of delhi ( mcd ) to close ( and thus '' seal '' the locks of ) a number of illegal commercial establishments in delhi , india which are running in residential areas without authorization .
7	he has collaborated with such artists as seal , sarah brightman , josh groban , john legend , bebe winans , gladys knight , jessica simpson , shaffer '' ne-yo '' smith , skylar grey , mozella , sacha skarbek , randy jackson , dj khalil , carole bayer sager , jc chasez , fergie , kardinal offishall , bc jean , planet vi , boi-1da , as a songwriter , musician and producer .
70	written in the ( early modern spelling of the ) dutch language , it is inspired by the motto of the united dutch provinces ( first dutch republic , predecessor of the current kingdom of the netherlands ) , ( currently also the official motto of the neighboring kingdom of belgium ) and translated '' in unity , there is strength . '' the motto is displayed on the borough seal and flag , which also feature a young robed woman bearing a bundle of bound rods known as a '' fasces '' , a traditional emblem of republicanism .
11	these first kayaks were constructed from stitched animal skins such as seal stretched over a wooden frame made from collected driftwood , as many of the areas of their construction were treeless .
54	the model asserts these people made the crossing in small boats , using skills similar to those of the modern inuit people : hauling out on ice floes at night ; collecting fresh water from melting icebergs or the first-frozen parts of sea ice ; hunting seals and fish for food ; and using seal blubber as heating fuel .
19	28 february - at the 38th annual grammy awards in los angeles : trevor horn ( producer ) & seal win record of the year for '' kiss from a rose '' .
9	the production was handled by horn who worked with seal , tina turner , cher , robbie williams , frankie goes to hollywood and many others successful singers and bands .
84	counterfeiting money , or attempting to coin genuine legal tender without due authorization ; tampering with wills , codicils , or such-like legal instruments ; prying into the correspondence of others to their prejudice ; using false weights and measures , adulterating merchandise , so as to render saleable what purchasers would otherwise never buy , or so as to derive larger profits from goods otherwise marketable only at lower figures ; bribing judges , suborning witnesses ; advancing false testimony ; manufacturing spurious seal ; forging signatures ; padding accounts ; interpolating the texts of legal enactments ; and sharing in the pretended birth of supposititious offspring are among the chief forms which this crime assumes .
27	the river 's name means wolf river in french and may have come from a native tribe known as '' les loups '' or from the many seal , known in french as loup-marin , once found at the river 's mouth .
18	he had much less power than other ( king 's ) chancellors , he guarded the queen 's seal and was the second most important official of her court , after her court marshall .
8	it is thus a device that provides a seal between a stationary supply passage ( such as pipe or tubing ) and a rotating part ( such as a drum , cylinder , or spindle ) to permit the flow of a fluid into and/or out of the rotating part .
12	other session and touring work sancious has done includes living colour , seal , bryan ferry , julia fordham , robbie dupree , natalie merchant , eric clapton , jon anderson of yes , and hall & oates .
42	sightseeing saw rob hit his peak as a singer , writer and producer , bringing together his rocking live band and a host of top guest 's including , guitarist steve harris ( gary numan ) , keyboard player richard cottle ( seal ) , and percussionist miles bould ( sting ) .
23	the source of nutrition for the chono , yahgans , and alcaaluf thus mainly consisted of sea food such as ; whale , seal porpoise , guanaco , and otter .
21	it has the sound of an early 1990s dance hit , and the song has been compared to the music by seal and adamski .
15	other notable british artists in pop music include ; spice girls , george michael , seal , leona lewis , one direction , ed sheeran and robbie williams .
15	name sæl is the pre-1917 reform bokmål version of the norwegian word sel , meaning seal .
2	hunters seeking seal and sea otter worked out the island between 1790 and 1850 .
28	she insists on something to guarantee her safety in his absence and , as a symbol of his promise and his protection , he gives her his imperial seal of authority .
7	other decorative touches include the city 's seal on brass doorknobs and intricately molded plaster cornice .
11	levin 's session career commitments -- mostly to peter gabriel and seal -- were also obstructing future king crimson activity .
2	a faience seal and a block naming an osorkon with throne name aakheperre , were for a long time attributed to osorkon iv ; however , this attribution has been criticized by frederic payraudeau in 2000 , who pointed out that those objects more likely referred to osorkon the elder .
30	upon a request by the julius bien company in new york city to provide a description of the municipal banner , the common council adopted its first official flag and seal .
8	one exceptional find was the discovery of a seal stamp made of a lead-tin alloy which portrayed the coat of arms of the lords of hademstorf as the former lords of the castle .
8	it was previously a popular location for hunting seal .
41	background prior to the release of the album , cook was a songwriter , session musician and backing vocalist for other artists , and had worked with paul young , george michael , marc almond , frankie goes to hollywood , seal and gerry rafferty .
25	the rzucewo people had domesticated cattle , pigs , some goats , but did little cultivation and engaged in fishery and hunting , especially of seal , then numerous along the baltic coast .
21	waterfowl and shorebirds occupy the bay during all but the winter season , while waterbirds and marine mammals including otter , seal , porpoise , and whale remain in the bay all year .
14	it is theorised that they benefit from the actions of diving predators such as seal and penguin which push prey up towards the surface while hunting , allowing the surface feeding storm petrels to reach them .
15	assynt is renowned for having diverse wildlife and achmelvich is no exceptions with cetacean , seal , basking shark , otter , pine marten , osprey and white-tailed eagle having been seen in the area .
24	contemporary typographers view typography as craft with a very long history tracing its origins back to the first punches and dies used to make seal and currency in ancient times .
32	he is a prolific session musician and guitarist who has played on a large number of albums since the early 1980s with artists as varied as minoru niihara , joni mitchell , seal , michael jackson , james taylor , helen watson , richard marx , steve perry , pink floyd , roger daltrey , glenn frey , and miles davis .
5	the company bought and processed seal and whale oil from christensen vessels .
9	he is also known to have bore a waxen seal which depicted a sailing ship on one side and a lion on the other .
6	the islands are known for their seal population .
11	activity in the region flourished as trading in sea otter and seal boomed .
13	in the period that enguerrand founded his order , he chose a new seal .
13	not far from dyers island is geyser island , a breeding ground for seal .
2	edmund 's seal ( 19th-century reproduction by henri d'arbois de jubainville ) life edmund soon obtained , however , important possessions and dignities , for soon after the forfeiture of simon de montfort , 6th earl of leicester on 25 october 1265 , edmund received the earldom of leicester and later that of lancaster .
19	on march 10 , 2012 , the soul rebels shared the stage with kanye west , snoop dogg and seal at brad pitt 's night to make it right foundation new orleans after-party , hosted by comedian aziz ansari .
9	the inspiration for the dannebrog pennant was a 13th-century seal used by erik abelsøn , duke of schleswig .
128	the album features akon , ashanti , babyface , ben jelen , bilal , bonnie mckee , bonnie raitt , brandy , claudette ortiz , don yute , eric clapton , ellie lawson , emmylou harris , everclear , eve , fabolous , faith evans , farena , floetry , freckles , jadakiss , jamie foxx , jaheim , jon b , julia fordham , jurassic 5 , kristine w , lady saw , lenny kravitz , mary j. blige , marques houston , matt nathanson , mc lyte , monica , miri ben-ari , missy elliott , mr. north , musiq , mystic , nate dogg , of a revolution , omarion , raphael saadiq , rev run , res , russell simmons , $ 5 , seal , the latin kings , tracy edmonds , wayne wonder , wyclef jean and yoko ono .
4	findings include a steatite seal with indus script probably used for trading goods , impressions of seals on a terracotta lump of burnt clay , chert blade , copper implements , terracotta bead and bangle and typical standardised pottery of the indus valley civilization .
10	animals such as shark , stingray , weever fish , seal and jellyfish can sometimes present a danger .
11	producers such as trevor horn ( frankie goes to hollywood , seal , etc. ) , martin hannet ( the stone roses , joy division , etc. ) and arthur baker ( bruce springsteen , bob dylan , kraftwerk , al green ) all visited spirit to record and produce their work .
22	despite all this , titan has a flourishing arctic ecosystem , apparently at the top of which is a clawed , blubbery seal - like native race of infant-like intelligence .
27	paramyxoviruses are also responsible for a range of diseases in other animal species , for example canine distemper virus ( dog ) , phocine distemper virus ( seal ) , cetacean morbillivirus ( dolphin and porpoise ) , newcastle disease virus ( birds ) , and rinderpest virus ( cattle ) .
3	bolesław iii 's seal , dated to 1337 .
41	in 1994 , the song '' how do you stop '' , that he co-wrote with dan hartman for james brown 's 1986 album gravity was covered by joni mitchell on her album turbulent indigo in a version featuring vocals by seal .
11	ken jeong as short fuse , an explosive and demolitions expert seal and a member of the north wind .
0	seal oil is also reported to have been used , in addition .
22	'' '' the stripped-down approach works well throughout the plaintive ballad ` believe in me ' , which sounds like a low-tech seal song .
11	he was also the first catalonian count to have his own seal , imitating the carolingian emperors and the frankish kings in style .
30	another of the tracks on still waters is performed with the south african group , ladysmith black mambazo , and '' ca n't stop the river '' was written by seal .
108	activities/master classes the academy is a host to master-classes by nationally and internationally-renowned musicians , producers and managers including : albert lee ( eric clapton , the everly brothers ) , laurie jenkins ( kasabian , beverley knight ) , guthrie govan ( dizzee rascal ) , ash soan ( adele , robbie williams ) , katie holmes ( professor green , lily allen ) , oli saville and nathan curran ( basement jaxx ) , luke bullen and arnulf linder ( kt tunstall ) , dave troke ( overtones ) , vintage trouble , vula malinga ( mark ronson , sam sparro ) , simon have ( seal , george michael ) , bruce findlay ( simple minds ) .
34	other animals appearing on the show included a chesapeake bay retriever named spray ( real name was chobee from okeechobee , florida ) ( seen only in a few early episodes ) , a seal , a baby elephant , alligator , a female albino dolphin ( whose baby flipper fathered during her only appearance , in the '' white dolphin '' episode ) ; and another female dolphin , introduced at the end of the second season , dubbed '' lorelei '' by the ricks family .
12	he became tutor to the young king , guardian of the royal seal and a key adviser to queen margaret , while guillaume was appointed abbot of a monastery near maletto .
14	these claims included : fighting amongst the insurrectionists in uruguay , to have hunted seal down the south american coast and around cape horn as well as labrador , and to have played rugby in france , germany , south africa , india and north and south america .
2	władysław 's seal , dated to 1317 .
20	'' and t-pain 's '' i 'm in love with a stripper '' as well as prominent artists such as seal , johnny cash and more earning him awards and accolades as prestigious as both , international and american , 2004 remix artist of the year .
12	parts body - usually natural or light color dyed from rabbit , seal , and muskrat .
13	bryan adams deep purple kim wilde wadaiko yamato abba mania jean michel jarre seal sting vanessa-mae australian pink floyd show lord of the dance andrea bocelli carmen kool & the gang tiësto enrique iglesias scorpions buena vista faithless eros ramazzotti elton john 50 cent references external links gallery image : steelarena3 .
26	king edward showed his fellow englishman alan favor , and on 12 june 1291 , appointed him chancellor of scotland and handed over to him the seal of regency .
61	'' taylor has cited influences such as david bowie , metric , death cab , r.e.m , the decemberists , ambulance ltd , tegan and sarah , radiohead , robbie williams , elton john , belle and sebastian , elbow , inxs , garbage , muse , peter gabriel , queen , sufjan stevens , billy joel , yoko kanno , seal , and the police .