9	the pellets are axially held in place by a spring .
1	oleander spring ) is the capital city of aïn defla province , algeria .
10	the native riparian ( populus fremontii ) grow around natural spring .
3	the season of spring was the overall concept for this release , and the ep 's photos featured the band members in white dresses , with a field of flowers in the background .
28	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical dry forest , dry savanna , subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland , river , swamp , intermittent freshwater marsh , freshwater spring , and heavily degraded former forests .
10	the head is the end of the fibula with the spring or hinge .
20	derived formulas tensional stiffness of a uniform bar we may view a rod of any elastic material as a linear spring .
5	usually , a comb or spring is used to hold the warp threads a bead-width apart .
17	the term '' vernal keratoconjunctivitis '' ( vkc ) is used to refer to keratoconjunctivitis occurring in spring , and is usually considered to be due to allergen .
52	'' blue , the color of sapphire , deep water , skies , loyalty and melancholy '' gently flowing : slow , with chords used to depict the lapping of water against a moored boat or a pier '' green , the color of emerald , hope , youth , joy , spring and victory '' moderato : a double fugue ( which has been described as '' schoenbergian '' ) on violas , strings , clarinets and woodwinds , leading to a triumphant climax revision in 1932 , bliss revised the coda of the first two movements .
6	it takes its name from a spring on the property .
6	c.j. came back to town in spring 2002 , with a huge chip on his shoulder for everyone , especially the forresters .
29	governor general william henry harrison ordered a fort built as well as a number of other defensive structures including a large stockade , garrison , blockhouses , and a spring .
15	tornadoes , caused by the convergence of westerly and southerly prevailing winds during the late spring , are common , making the region part of tornado alley .
11	the campaign was mostly featured during the channel 's winter , spring , summer , and fall previews .
35	in its northern part , which averages around 250m above sea level , the landscape is marked by several river valleys , as the weiße elster , the zwickauer mulde and the göltzsch have their spring in the vogtland , while the saale flows through bavaria and thuringia in the west of vogtland .
11	his role is to predict whether there will be an early spring .
6	they drew their water from a spring at the base of a small cliff on the mountain 's west slope , about from the tower via a short path .
1	this spring - fed pond is the source of the river westbourne ( an 18 50s - encased thames tributary ) .
22	however , in common with most other subduction zones , the outer margin is slowly being compressed , similar to a giant spring .
13	the collect pond ( or fresh water pond ) was a body of spring - fed fresh water , occupying approximately 48 acres ( 194,000 m ² ) and as deep as .
7	the plant germinates in winter or early spring .
6	a cienega or cienaga is a spring that is usually wet , marshy area at the foot of a mountain , in a canyon , or on the edge of a grassland where groundwater bubbles to the surface .
26	of these species , only around 75 actually breed within the state ; the remainder are migrating or wintering species that are only present during the spring or winter months .
15	the annual cart festival for the village deity honnadevi takes place every year during the spring .
26	he was slain by yvain for attacking the latter 's cousin , sir calogrenant , in defense of the magic fountain ( or well , or spring ) .
7	the site itself consists of a small spring - fed pool of '' bad water '' next to the road in a sink ; the accumulated salt of the surrounding basin make it undrinkable , thus giving it the name .
2	in the spring , species such as european wood anemone , common wood sorrel and false lily of the valley are blooming .
18	generally , the mass convention assembly of a large number of related family members is organized during the spring season for a period of 2 to 3 days .
17	aboriginal tribes developed rituals around sugar-making , celebrating the sugar moon ( the first full moon of spring ) with a maple dance .
0	spring starts in early april and ends in late may , with average temperatures close to .
0	spring , 1998 an unscom inspection team discovers a dump full of destroyed iraqi missiles .
3	other tasks included spring manufacture , construction of stainless steel footwarmers , and assembly of pantographs for electric trains , with a staff of 720 employed during 1966 .
16	transport operations to okinawa , intermingled with type and refresher training exercises , continued through the spring of 1967 .
5	it is formed by two spring - fed streams , slab camp run and trussel run , on the western flanks of spruce mountain to the north of spruce knob .
11	natural examples geographical features an ephemeral waterbody is a wetland , spring , stream , river , pond or lake that only exists for a short period following precipitation or snowmelt .
8	by the end of the 15th century , spring - driven clocks appeared in italy , and in germany .
30	every february 2 , on groundhog day , sam 's shadow is closely observed at 08 : 00 ast to make the traditional prediction whether there will be an early spring .
25	the water equivalent of snowfall is measured to monitor how much liquid is available to flood river from meltwater that will occur during the following spring .
1	pure spring water was discovered near whetstone brook , and until '' the water cure '' closed in 1871 , the town was a curative health resort .
5	furthermore , there are a spring - fed outdoor swimming pool in hammelbach and a campsite .
11	route the colne rises perennially from a subterranean river at a spring in north mymms park in hertfordshire .
13	a major feature of the landscape park are the fontaines bleues , natural spring whose waters are an unusual brilliant hue of blue .
12	bonchurch high street has an adjacent landscaped pond , fed by a spring , on the site of former withy beds .
18	'' the sprightly , reggae - inflected song reached number 8 on the uk singles chart in the spring of 1977 .
7	she thus represents a water source or spring which , in classical literature , is sacred to the muses and a source of poetic inspiration .
2	in the spring of 2013 , however , plans were put forth to turn the disibodenberg chapel into a brewpub .
23	it is characterised by nutrient-poor sandy soils , frequent wildfire , a very high level of endemism , spectacular displays of wildflower in spring , and a mediterranean climate with winter rainfall and hot , dry summers .
10	they include lakes and pond , rivers , stream , spring , and wetland .
11	his great-grandson , a tobacco farmer named stephen , discovered a spring in the mid-19th century , while plowing the fields of the family plantation .
14	, commonly called as , is regarded as one of the world 's leading spring manufacturers .
18	at the time of the battle , the river was much wider than this , due to heavy spring rains and flooding .
1	the spring supposedly furnished water for those who lived in this building and was only channelled into a drain in the 1950s .
6	howard springs , was a historical spring , located in the stream channel of howard draw at an elevation of 2031 feet , just north of the mouth of government canyon at its confluence with howard draw in what is now crockett county , texas .
25	according to legend , he saved the people of choilley-dardenay during drought by striking the ground with his pilgrim 's staff , which caused a spring of water to bubble up .
18	a field during summer in belgium summer is the warmest of the four temperate season , falling between spring and autumn .
24	wattle day is a national day of celebration in australia on the first day of september , that is also the first day of spring in the southern hemisphere .
1	; spring : the point at which a stream emerges from an underground course through unconsolidated sediment or through caves .
23	walpurgis night is very similar to chaharshanbe suri , an iranian ceremony which is held on the last wednesday of winter to celebrate spring and iranian new year , nowruz .
22	it may ultimately be derived from celtic \* alika ' wild service tree ' or from some other pre-romance root meaning ' spring ' .
20	only a few small tributary bring water to the lake most of the water comes from a 5 m deep spring which is located at the nearrowest part of the lake .
3	bayonet with circular spring ( '' circlip beater '' ) .
19	its name derives from the hometown of the first colonial settlers , sharon , connecticut , and the important spring in the village .
19	that means the seasons consist of warm summer , mild wet winter , cool pleasant fall , and warm spring .
1	its spring is a little north of the north norfolk village of roughton .
4	in essence , non-linear spring are attached to the foundation in place of the soil .
20	the swimming hole by thomas eakins a swimming hole is a place in a river , stream , creek , spring , or similar natural body of water , which is large enough and deep enough for a person to swim in .
15	simple harmonic oscillator the simplest mechanical oscillating system is a mass attached to a linear spring subject to only weight and tension .
20	sims are able to build snowmen during the winter , rake fallen leaves in autumn , jump in puddle during spring and occasionally experience heat stroke in summer .
5	it was described from a spring at 9 payton place , devonport , tasmania in 1980 , making it '' the first spring-dwelling syncarid recorded from the australian region '' .
26	its first mile remains relatively level as it follows the brook on that side closely , passing the lean-to site on that side and a developed spring .
15	mechanics arresting movement to arrest movement , the method commonly employs a small gravity or spring - actuated lever paired with a notched wheel .
20	its natural habitat are temperate forest , temperate shrubland , swamp , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , irrigated land , and canal and ditches .
30	the transhumance form of herding in the sierra nevada of california still continues , as cattle , sheep or goats are moved from winter pasture in lower elevation valleys to spring and summer pasture in the foothills and alpine regions , as the seasons progress .
8	in west bengal , it is associated with spring , especially through the poems and songs of nobel laureate rabindranath tagore , who likened its bright orange flame-like flower to fire .
12	the name means '' warm water '' and refers to the warm spring located in the foothills .
19	the fall was caused by the lack of water due to the discovery of the path to a secret spring by the enemy troops .
16	there are a number of cave and caverns in xilitla , as well as many natural spring .
23	in a. alnifolia , they are about across , and appear on short raceme of three to 20 somewhat crowded together , in spring while the new leaves are still expanding .
23	its natural habitat are subarctic forest , temperate forests , temperate shrubland , swamp , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , arable land , rural gardens , urban area , pond , and irrigated land .
18	waypoints have traditionally been associated with distinctive features of the real world , such as rock formations , spring , oases , mountain , buildings , roadways , waterways , railways , and so on .
24	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical dry forest , subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , river , intermittent rivers , and freshwater spring .
19	its natural habitat are moist savanna , river , swamp , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , rural gardens , heavily degraded former forest , and pond .
27	all the shutters are joined together by a shutter bar , and the force required for the wind to open the shutters is adjusted by a separate spring on each sail .
12	the key to its design was the use of a constant velocity spring to store the potential energy which are no longer in use .
22	the town is locally well known for the caledon spa and casino and for its rolling hills and yellow canola fields in spring .
32	additionally , the stiffness ( i.e. total moment divided by sway angle ) was found to be very close to 1 , indicating a resemblance between the ankle joint and a perfect spring .
18	aboon the brae ( scots language for '' above the hill '' ) is the site of a spring .
25	these thunderstorms can be a result from tropical wave , tropical cyclone , and frontal boundaries which become stationary across the region between fall and spring .
12	the area also has a large number of thermal and fresh water spring .
37	prior to the construction of the victoria bridge , it was difficult and at times impossible to cross the st. lawrence river during the long winter season , as freeze up and thawing in the fall and spring made for treacherous conditions .
9	a mechanical component analogous to an inductor is a spring .
20	fastener and tool the basic type consists of a steel cylinder body , a plunger on the top , a spring , a pair of step-cut locks , and a spreader bar .
18	the release process involved two pyrotechnic bolt being fired to release the satellite which was launched using a spring - loaded mechanism , a pin in a curved groove to impart a spin in the satellite .
3	the source the spring of scarrow beck is in a small area of marsh ground in fields south of aylmerton parish church close to church lane .
7	the dams were constructed to impound local spring water to supply the town of sheffield .
32	life cycle caterpillars the caterpillar of the emperor gum moth in its last stage before pupation caterpillar can usually be found on young adult leaves between october and march ( the australian spring and summer ) .
13	the elastic response of viscoplastic materials can be represented in one-dimension by hookean spring elements .
63	what causes the mri ? a simple model of mri in a magnetized , perfectly conducting fluid , the magnetic forces behave in some very important respects as though the elements of fluid were connected with elastic bands : trying to displace such an element perpendicular to a magnetic line of force causes an attractive force proportional to the displacement , like a spring under tension .
2	a freshwater spring was found on the tributary in the area , which caused henry flagler to build the private miami water company ( where a miami-dade water and sewer treatment plant is currently located ) there in 1899 .
12	overview potential energy is often associated with restoring force such as a spring or the force of gravity .
14	climate the climate of the city is predominantly dry in winter , autumn and spring due to the low atmospheric moisture and an effective precipitation corresponding to that of a semiarid climate .
7	the species is most active during the spring and early summer although it may be seen into late june .
20	january 15 , 2005 - the ndp 's provincial council meets in moncton and decides to delay the vote from spring to fall .
7	it is preceded by vasant , the spring season , and followed by varsha , the rainy season .
9	anciently the village was the location of a medicinal spring of great repute , though its exact location is unknown .
21	the time delay of a no. 9 is determined solely by the thickness of the notch in the wire , the spring tension , and the temperature .
5	as the seasons change from spring to summer , the bonds between makoto and his friends deepen and they gain new allies and insight into the horrific origins of the shadows and the dark hour .
34	types of streams include creeks , tributaries , which do not reach an ocean and connect with another stream or river , brooks , which are typically small streams and sometimes sourced from a spring or seep and tidal inlets .
4	eggs are laid during spring near decaying plant matter .
20	the oak is one of the strongest and longest-lived , and other , lesser plants nearby must wait until the spring to flourish before the light above is extinguished by leaves .
7	once the wheel is released , it spring back to the middle position and the media pauses or begins playing again .
5	its natural habitat are freshwater spring , inland karst , and cave .
23	one of dick 's patients was a run away drug addict by the name of amy sinclair , who gave birth in the spring of 1959 to a daughter she named nora .
19	description the clipper mountain wilderness has rugged yellow and dark brown , horizontally striped mesa , narrow canyon with spring , and sparsely vegetated alluvial fan .
11	the park is renowned for its chalybeate ( iron bearing ) spring , which is now named st. ann 's well .
12	its natural habitat are temperate forest , freshwater marsh , and freshwater spring .
4	water eye but also spring ) commemorating three of sisters who were killed in the struggle against dictatorship .
17	generally , a mass assembly of large a number of related family members is organized during the spring for a period of 2 to 3 days .
5	they were often located at spring .
42	at a cost of # 6,000 , it was an irregular oval shape with a 100 yards ( 91 metres ) straight section for racing ; a paved surround and changing rooms were built and the pool was fed by an underground spring .
2	cserta 's spring is at the kandikó hill .
2	in the spring of 2007 he earned his debut , and quickly became a starter ; he has scored 2 goals in 8 matches , and made a some god of assists .
28	while johnson was labeled as '' moody '' and '' uncoachable '' during his days with the phillies and cardinals , he impressed reds manager dave bristol that spring and was given the starting job in left field even though a lefthanded bat would have been more suitable for the reds ' line-up .
3	the main permanent spring , sar cheshmeh make the region fertile for agriculture and gardening .
58	types stream in arkhangelsk oblast , russia a rocky creek in spearfish canyon , us creek in australia wyming brook in sheffield , uk brook in the bay of fundy , canada a low level stream in macon county , illinois ; brook : a stream smaller than a creek , especially one that is fed by a spring or seep .
24	in hebrew , the name maya ( מַיָּה / מאיה in hebrew ) is a short form of '' ma'ayan , '' meaning '' spring '' or '' brook .
22	the cheyenne believe that there were many different kinds of water monsters that lived not only in lakes , rivers , and spring but also high bluffs and hills .
27	the main charge in the arms , a fountain , is canting for the placename ending -- born , which can mean '' fountain '' or '' spring '' in german .
8	the meres were fed from a fresh water spring 2,000 feet ( 600 m ) inland , linked to the meres by an underground stone channel .
3	it flowers in spring , from may to august , and produces seed from july to september .
8	the iron-rich waters of chalice well , a spring at the base of the tor , flow out as an artesian well impregnating the sandstone around it with iron oxide that have reinforced it to produce the caprock .
10	thunderstorm season in the usa and canada runs in the spring through summer .
7	it can also be found in some spring waters and hot springs .
15	at the same time , the count palatine was granted leave to develop the brine spring near sankt julian .
6	the location is an origin of spring and a path of vavali river and the festival is in rainy season .
41	a pad with many small closed cells may also be referred to as a foam , but typically only a single large closed cell is used , as the cell can expand sideways and so provides characteristics more like a long spring .
4	the village has a spring which is intermittent .
34	natural and human history a yellow cup ( camissonia brevipes ) at the mouth of titus canyon timbisha native americans carved petroglyph on some of the rock faces of titus canyon , especially at spring and other locations of interest .
6	the external source can be a spring , a raised weight , or a compressed gas .
10	24-hour festival bnt also sponsors a 24-hour theater festival every spring .
1	that spring on detelinara they signed : stojan pilipović , jovan ninković and zoran milovac , who wore its nations under 21 team 's kit .
13	llanwrtyd wells grew as a spa town , based around the ffynnon ddrewllyd spring , which still exists .
14	october is commonly associated with the season of autumn in the northern hemisphere and spring in the southern hemisphere , where it is the seasonal equivalent to april in the northern hemisphere and vice versa .
4	christmas lake is a spring - fed lake covering approximately in the western minneapolis suburbs of shorewood and chanhassen .
6	the best seasons to visit are spring and autumn .
10	april ( ) is commonly associated with the season of spring in parts of the northern hemisphere and autumn in parts of the southern hemisphere , where it is the seasonal equivalent to october in the northern hemisphere and vice versa .
10	the term is derived from the arabic word for '' spring '' , which is used in the indian subcontinent .
19	these include cross country and football in the fall , soccer in the winter , and baseball in the spring .
29	huge piles , or ` tips ' , of loose rock and mining spoil had been built up over a layer of highly porous sandstone that contained numerous underground spring , and several tips had been built up directly over these springs .
13	the united states army air forces experimented with downward-ejecting systems operated by a spring , but it was the work of sir james martin and his company martin-baker that was to prove crucial .
22	it is the second of the band 's vivaldi project , a planned series of four albums representing the four season -- spring , summer , autumn and winter respectively .
4	flowers opening in the spring before the leaves have formed , funnel-shaped up to 50 mm long , bright red to orange with a darker splotch on the upper lobe .
13	from there it is another to the summit , past the lean-to and spring .
10	pseudomonas cedrina is a gram-negative , rod-shaped bacterium isolated from spring waters in lebanon .
42	jufer and luginbühl link ancamna with two other consorts of the gaulish mars , litavis and nemetona , noting that none of these appear to be warrior goddesses themselves ; instead , they suggest that ancamna might have been associated with a spring .
2	a good spring can be found about a quarter-mile from the hollow ( headed up the mountain ) , and the 3,855-foot ( 1,175 m ) summit itself is just off-trail later .
19	kwedi was also playing for croatian lower-league clubs nk zelina and nk dugo selo before joining nk radnik in spring 2011 .
26	when there was a great water shortage in 1870 , a fountain to supply people with water , was built which was fed by a natural spring .
16	the village is situated on the ancient road icknield way and is the location where several spring form a small pool called the lyde .
15	since that time other safety innovations have included features on track , section , and spring assemblies .
7	as word of the county 's warm spring spread eastward , thomas fairfax , 6th lord fairfax of cameron decided that the county needed to be surveyed .
9	in the northern hemisphere , the meteorological beginning of spring occurs on the first day of march .
18	streams kyll fischbach schlemmbach mineral springs lindenquelle adonis quelle the adonis quelle -- quelle is german for '' spring '' -- lies in the middle of the village , but has been closed since november 2003 owing to contamination .
5	big butte springs are natural spring located near the south fork of big butte creek in jackson county , oregon , about north of medford .
9	northern dikhil region during fall , winter , and spring , it experiences the most clear days statewide .
3	its river and spring habitat ecosystems are relatively intact and support a highly endemic fish fauna .
12	description seagull lake is a sub-coastal saline lake fed by a marine spring .
22	any strain ( deformation ) of a solid material generates an internal elastic stress , analogous to the reaction force of a spring , that tends to restore the material to its original non-deformed state .
19	history as of 1850 , the lake was used as a bathing lake and a resort area in the spring .
29	drainage in the 19th century tank stream , a historical drain in the city of sydney from the 1881 household cyclopedia : this operation is always best performed in spring or summer , when the ground is dry .
16	in the high mountains , they bloom in summer ; at lower elevations , in late spring .
2	typically , spring - like attractive forces based on hooke 's law are used to attract pairs of endpoints of the graph 's edges towards each other , while simultaneously repulsive forces like those of electrically charged particles based on coulomb 's law are used to separate all pairs of nodes .
19	the clay and sand intersection on the swan coastal plain , near the darling scarp , also produces permanent spring , giving rise to peat and sand mounds containing plant and invertebrate assemblages .
19	recreation lycoming creek is a popular site for trout fishing and is usually heavily stocked with fish in the spring , especially in its upper reaches in lycoming county .
5	history ojo ynez , a spring , and watering place on the old road from janos , chihuahua to the santa rita copper mine was located in the valley of the burro cienega two miles up stream from where the road crossed the stream just northeast of soldiers farewell hill .
7	course blue jay creek begins at a spring , about east of the community of sandfield on lake manitou in central manitoulin township , and at an elevation of .
7	the arms are derived from a roman spring sanctum from the 2nd century unearthed high in the woods .
22	the album revolves around a seasonal concept ; the first four songs each represent one of the traditional four seasons , respectively spring , summer , autumn , and winter , while the final track , '' histoires sans paroles '' , represents the imaginary fifth season .
18	in most species , leaves come up in autumn , grow through the winter , and die in spring , then the plant goes dormant through the dry mediterranean summer .
11	the last remaining parcel , including the historic buildings and the spring , was acquired by the state of california in 1949 .
4	the fontaines bleues natural spring .
9	wich and wych are names used to denote brine spring or well .
7	modern mattresses usually contain either an inner spring core or materials such as latex , viscoelastic or other flexible polyurethane foam .
25	these '' warm-weather designs ( ... ) arrive in the shops in the us in november '' , after the autumn/winter collections and before the spring / summer collections , or generally between november/december and february in the northern hemisphere .
5	san felipe springs is a spring in val verde county , texas .
8	this he named izumiya , literally meaning '' spring shop '' .
22	nemausus , for example , was not only the gallic name for the town of nîmes but also that of its presiding spring - god .
19	glenn springs is an unincorporated community in spartanburg county , south carolina , united states , located at a spring .
5	historically , there was a spring close to the corner of mulberry street and pearl street near blizzards run .
19	geographic distribution i. hadei is endemic to greece , where it where it is only known from a small spring 5 km southwest of githion .
23	while his team was viewed as the favorite going into the 78th national high school baseball invitational tournament to be held the following spring , tomakomai high was forced to withdraw from the tournament because of allegations of misconduct of some of the players .
1	in spring and summer , it migrates to spruce and infects recently emerged needle , coloring them in yellow .
35	as soon as the winter retreated , massive frankish armies were being amassed in italia , east francia , bavaria , saxony and alemannia that were going to simultaneously invade ljudevit 's lands in the spring .
8	it can also be found in europe during spring , summer , and autumn .
8	its natural habitat consists of river and freshwater spring , which are threatened by habitat loss .
2	in the spring of 1540 , cortés returned to spain for the last time ; this was the first time that martín cortés , son of malinche , and don martín cortés met .
18	their needles gives them more surface area for droplet to adhere to , and they have foliage in spring and fall , therefore interception also depends on the type of vegetation in a wooded area .
31	as for the ahlenbornerhof , the ending -- hof means '' farm '' or '' estate '' , and the syllables to which that is sufﬁxed apparently refer to an old spring , for the homestead once lay near one ( this would be bei einem alten brunnen in modern high german ) .
14	the reverdie is an old french poetic genre , which celebrates the arrival of spring .
14	modern bathroom and kitchen taps often use ceramic or plastic surfaces sliding against other spring - loaded ceramic surfaces or plastic washers .
6	during building a dam a strong spring was found .
22	cultivation and storage snow peas can be grown in open fields during cool seasons and can thus be cultivated during winter and spring seasons .
8	native plant include wetland grasses at the natural spring fed lakes ' shorelines , and the native saharan ) the ubari oasis settlement is the second center for the kel ajjer tuareg people , after ghat .
8	location sunset at namsen the river begins in spring in børgefjell national park , just over the border in nordland county .
23	the sense circuitry then removes power from the solenoid ( 5 ) and the contacts ( 4 ) are forced apart by a spring , cutting off the electricity supply to the appliance .
77	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical dry forests , subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests , dry savanna , moist savanna , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , temperate grassland , subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , rivers , intermittent rivers , shrub-dominated wetland , swamp , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , pastureland , rural gardens , urban areas , heavily degraded former forest , ponds , seasonally flooded agricultural land , and canal and ditches .
19	attractions manatee springs state park is located west of town ; the crystal-clear water is a '' first-magnitude '' spring that flows directly into the suwannee river .
34	white george on the coat of arms of georgia in the fully developed western version , which developed as part of the golden legend , a dragon or crocodile makes its nest at the spring that provides water for the city of '' silene '' ( perhaps modern cyrene in libya or the city of lydda in the holy land , depending on the source ) .
16	the world league of american football was founded in 1991 to serve as a type of spring league .
10	in the forest that abuts the town is an old spring near which some roman and celtic figures were found .
5	the place , with natural spring , was a ranch and stagecoach station in the lower eastern side of historic tehachapi pass .
8	tule fog forms from late fall through early spring ( california 's rainy season ) after the first significant rainfall .
20	the dark color of humus ( usually black or dark brown ) helps to warm up cold soils in the spring .
9	reproduction and development house centipedes lay their eggs in spring .
72	other latex metal wood plant pollen ( hay fever ) grass -- ryegrass , timothy-grass weed -- ragweed , plantago , nettle , artemisia vulgaris , chenopodium album , sorrel tree -- birch , alder , hazel , hornbeam , aesculus , willow , poplar , platanus , tilia , olea , ashe juniper , alstonia scholaris seasonal allergies seasonal allergy symptoms are commonly experienced part of the year , usually during spring , summer or fall when certain trees or grasses pollinate .
32	its natural habitat are moist savanna , subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , and pastureland .
1	amguel spring ) is a town and commune in tamanrasset district , tamanrasset province , algeria .
14	despite the name , cuddie springs is an ephemeral lake , and not a spring .
19	this salamander 's natural habitat are the temperate mojave desert into great basin sagebrush shrubland ecotone , and freshwater spring riparian areas there , at elevations of .
15	at ascension , in honor of the zwölf-röhren-brunnen , the beerfelder brunnenfest ( '' beerfelden spring festival '' ) takes place .
9	the magellanic woodpecker breeds in the southern hemisphere 's spring , from october to january .
5	it is found in freshwater spring , irrigated land , and canal and ditches .
6	if flow is large enough a spring occurs and becomes the start of a creek or river .
26	climate located above sea level in south-eastern province of syracuse , straddling the mediterranean sea and the ionian , has a mild climate from autumn to spring , a clear sky always throughout the year .
20	characterized by hot and dry summers , and mild to cool winters where most of the precipitation is concentrated ( spring and autumn being pleasantly warm transitional seasons ) .
30	brilliant was also one of the first cities in the area to have running water -- they constructed a reservoir to hold water from the kootenay river and a local spring , and by 1912 , each household had running water .
10	the name of the town is taken from a nearby spring and is aboriginal in origin , its meaning is unknown .
5	the weta stay frozen until spring time .
18	in greek mythology , the pegaeae ( ; πηγαῖαι ) were a type of naiad that lived in spring .
7	is the day before the beginning of spring in japan .
18	it has been postulated that elastic structures in series with the contractile component can store energy like a spring after being forcibly stretched .
4	it rises from a spring in the chalk of the chiltern hills at dagnall , buckinghamshire and flows through hemel hempstead , kings langley and croxley green to rickmansworth where it joins the the river colne .
6	the city was named after a spring , kyre , which the greeks consecrated to apollo .
21	the car , which was made up mostly of model t parts , was discovered to have a broken right front spring .
10	top mounted heave compensator drill string compensators are just giant spring between the drill bit and rig .
9	spring-piston guns operate by means of a coiled steel spring - loaded piston contained within a compression chamber , and separate from the barrel .
2	fresh water spring are present approximately 2km north of berau , with minor reservoirs around macadade and the eastern slopes of mount manucoco .
23	that article and subsequent follow-ups started a similar egg-balancing craze in the united states , but transposed to the vernal equinox beginning western spring on march 20 or 21 when the sun is at the celestial longitude of 0 ° .
19	design and use an ear being pierced with a piercing gun traditional model the most common design uses a spring that stores potential energy when part of the ear piercing instrument is pulled back .
4	hanwell has a reliable spring , so its toponym later changed from - weg to - welle .
39	the text of herodotus the eupalinian aqueduct or ditch , is cited by herodotus ( histories 3.60 ) , without whom it would not have been discovered : description inside the aqueduct the tunnel took water from an inland spring , which was roofed over and thus concealed from enemies .
6	western campaign , 1940 in the spring of 1940 , walter horten , jagdgeschwader 26 technical officer , was invited to participate in a '' mock combat '' with a bf 109e .
16	other things associated with air and blood in ancient and medieval medicine included the season of spring , since it increased the qualities of heat and moisture ; the sanguine temperament ( of a person dominated by the blood humor ) ; hermaphrodite ( combining the masculine quality of heat with the feminine quality of moisture ) ; and the northern point of the compass .
10	mirabilis coccinea , the scarlet four o'clock , is a spring wildflower native to the southwestern united states and northwestern mexico .
21	cadiz springs state recreation area is a state park unit of wisconsin , united states , featuring two reservoir on a spring - fed creek .
12	tipularia discolor grows a single leaf in september that disappears in the spring .
19	the gaussian network model ( gnm ) is a representation of a biological macromolecule as an elastic mass-and - spring network to study , understand , and characterize mechanical aspects of its long-scale dynamics .
53	grass tetany or hypomagnesemic tetany , also known as grass staggers and winter tetany , is a metabolic disease involving magnesium deficiency , which can occur in such ruminant livestock as beef cattle , dairy cattle and sheep , usually after grazing on lush pastures of rapidly growing grass , especially in early spring .
22	the day was introduced as a more efficient alternative to individually celebrating a number of holidays honoring various minor saints in the spring .
12	formed on a natural depression , underneath the ground is a fresh-water spring that feeds the aqueduct , artificial pools and canals that are a characteristic of the park .
11	the tale begins with a dragon making its nest at the spring which provides a city-state with water .
3	there are three spring in the sea , there is also a temple of lord rama named ekantha ramar temple .
1	in spring 2007 , construction will begin on the social sciences building on the northeast side of campus .
19	pohela falgun ( bengali : পহেলা ফাল্গুন pôhela falgun or পয়লা ফাল্গুন pôela falgun ) , first day of spring of bengali month falgun , of the bengali calendar , celebrated in bangladesh and west bengal and in the other india states , including assam , tripura , jharkhand and orrisa .
8	one type of tensioner is a large industrial spring .
12	it falls from mid-march to mid-april and is the last month of spring ( bôsôntô ) .
32	its natural habitat are temperate forest , river , intermittent rivers , shrub-dominated wetland , swamp , freshwater lake , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , rocky areas , arable land , pastureland , plantation , water storage areas , pond , open excavations , wastewater treatment areas , seasonally flooded agricultural land , and canal and ditches .
7	course shire brook rises as an underground spring at a height of 192 metres above sea level beneath the red lion public house in the gleadless townend residential area at .
15	the susquehanna and tioga turnpike received a moderate amount of use , especially during the spring , when the susquehanna river was commonly used as a method of travel to new york .
8	the dry line is most common in the spring .
13	halfway home is an american comedy series that aired on comedy central in spring 2007 .
17	the month of february & march fall in the transitional season from winter to summer described as spring or '' basant '' .
7	painted caves , a cave with a spring in val verde county , texas , 20 kilometers southeast of comstock , texas .
26	the old road came over what is now the tejon pass from what would become gorman then turned west up cuddy creek to cuddy valley its spring .
10	because metal frames are more rigid , some models have spring loaded hinges to help them grip the wearer 's face better .
41	movement of water and dispersion within the aquifer spreads the pollutant over a wider area , its advancing boundary often called a plume edge , which can then intersect with groundwater wells or daylight into surface water such as seep and spring , making the water supplies unsafe for humans and wildlife .