8	it is commonly used in conjunction with a spring ( which acts to resist displacement ) .
9	spring-loaded handles are the most popular and use a spring to work the barrel 's clamp .
33	in archery , the bulk of elastic energy is stored in the throwing device , rather than the projectile ; arrow shafts can therefore be much smaller , and have looser tolerance for spring constant and weight distribution than atlatl darts .
12	some choose to modify their valves by attaching a pneumatic actuator or spring to achieve a faster opening speed .
21	the time delay of a no. 9 is determined solely by the thickness of the notch in the wire , the spring tension , and the temperature .
36	today 's new high performance pogo sticks - and the sport of '' xpogo '' a pogo stick is a device for jumping off the ground in a standing position , through the aid of a spring , or new high performance technologies , often used as a toy , exercise equipment , or extreme sports instrument .
3	bayonet with circular spring ( '' circlip beater '' ) .
10	because metal frames are more rigid , some models have spring loaded hinges to help them grip the wearer 's face better .
5	example the motion of a spring satisfying hooke 's law is given by the semi-implicit euler for this equation is the iteration preserves the modified energy functional exactly , leading to stable periodic orbits ( for sufficiently small step size ) that deviate by from the exact orbits .
23	the sense circuitry then removes power from the solenoid ( 5 ) and the contacts ( 4 ) are forced apart by a spring , cutting off the electricity supply to the appliance .
13	some round nose pliers have insulated handles for safe electrical work , a spring - fitted joint and comfortable grips on the handles .
12	barcalo received u.s. patent no. 719,685 for the invention of a bed spring .
6	a proof mass that deforms a spring in an accelerometer is sometimes called the seismic mass .
21	diatomic gases a diatomic gas can be modelled as two masses , m 1 and m 2 , joined by a spring of stiffness a , which is called the rigid rotor-harmonic oscillator approximation .
21	to accomplish this , a copper or brass commutator or ' slip ring ' are affixed to the shaft , and spring press braid copper wire ` brushes ' onto the rings which conduct the current .
24	vane meter sensor ( vaf sensor ) the vaf ( volume air flow ) sensor measures the air flow into the engine with a spring - loaded air flap/door attached to a variable resistor ( potentiometer ) .
18	the release process involved two pyrotechnic bolt being fired to release the satellite which was launched using a spring - loaded mechanism , a pin in a curved groove to impart a spin in the satellite .
41	a pad with many small closed cells may also be referred to as a foam , but typically only a single large closed cell is used , as the cell can expand sideways and so provides characteristics more like a long spring .
13	the united states army air forces experimented with downward-ejecting systems operated by a spring , but it was the work of sir james martin and his company martin-baker that was to prove crucial .
19	the gaussian network model ( gnm ) is a representation of a biological macromolecule as an elastic mass-and - spring network to study , understand , and characterize mechanical aspects of its long-scale dynamics .
17	the motion depicted in the animation is for the idealized situation that the force exerted by the spring increases linearly with the distance to the center of rotation .
12	overview potential energy is often associated with restoring force such as a spring or the force of gravity .
52	experimental luthier yuri landman built a variety of electric string resonance tailed bridge and 3rd bridge guitars like the moodswinger , moonlander and the springtime for indie rock and noise rock acts like sonic youth , liars , blood red shoes as well as electric thumb piano and electric drum guitars and spring drum instruments .
2	they contain spring and/or a rubber foam and plywood combination which make the floor bouncy , soften the impact of landings and enable the gymnast to gain height when tumbling .
19	as the name implies it was extremely uncomfortable , but the discomfort was somewhat ameliorated by a long flat spring that supported the saddle and absorbed many of the shocks from rough road surfaces .
11	the ring 's inertia energy increased when compressed , like a spring , and was also inversely proportional to its radius , and therefore proportional to its frequency ν .
4	pluto had a compressed spring mechanism designed to enable it to move across the surface at a rate of 20 mm per second and to burrow into the ground and collect a subsurface sample in a cavity in its tip .
4	in essence , non-linear spring are attached to the foundation in place of the soil .
7	relative gravimeters most common relative gravimeters are spring - based .
29	geneva wheels having the form of the driven wheel were also used in mechanical watch , but not in a drive , rather to limit the tension of the spring , such that it would operate only in the range where its elastic force is nearly linear .
7	'' the black circle '' , published spring 1949 325 .
63	summer ( grisham - ग्रीष्म ) may -- july ( वैशाख से आषाढ ) monsoon ( rainy - वर्षा ) mid july - september - श्रावन से भाद्रपद autumn ( शरद् ) october -- november ( आश्विन से कार्तिक ) fall ( हेमन्त ) december-mid january ( मार्गशीर्ष से पौष ) winter ( शिशिर ) mid january-mid march ( पौष से फाल्गुन ) spring ( वसन्त ) march -- april ( फाल्गुन से चैत्र ) language , culture and religion the local village dialect is a mixture of maithili and hindi .
13	the don january golf classic is a golf tournament played annually in the spring that was established to honor him in 1980 by his alma mater , now known as the university of north texas .
8	it can also be found in europe during spring , summer , and autumn .
22	the supertab was only available to postpaid members , while hspa + products and services were unavailable to prepaid members until around spring in 2011 .
10	march : this month is synonymous with the onset of spring ( in the northern hemisphere ) .
25	the water equivalent of snowfall is measured to monitor how much liquid is available to flood river from meltwater that will occur during the following spring .
10	april ( ) is commonly associated with the season of spring in parts of the northern hemisphere and autumn in parts of the southern hemisphere , where it is the seasonal equivalent to october in the northern hemisphere and vice versa .
6	it represents the east and the spring season .
2	during the spring , the shrub 's fragrant yellow blossoms that appear are usually around 2 cm ( 0.8 in ) in diameter .
27	underpasses and bridges are used to facilitate many ( not all ) of the major road crossings ( the underpasses are highly prone to flooding during the spring ) .
21	'' it was suleiman who named her gülbahar ( ) , with gül meaning ' rose ' and bahar meaning ' spring ' in turkish and persian .
13	after seed ripens in early summer , plants go dormant till the next spring .
7	wildlife a fox in the park during spring the wildlife population in the park usually consists roughly of : 200 red deer 150 roe deer 50 wild boar 200 mouflon other species found in the park include fox , badger , and the european pine marten .
39	originally meant for wealthy customers or '' more seasoned jet-setters '' going on cruises ( e.g. north americans ) or vacationing in the warm mediterranean area ( e.g. europeans ) during the winter months , cruise collections offer light spring or summer clothing when the weather at the points of sale actually calls for winter apparel .
10	iqbal opens the poem by welcoming bahaar the season of spring .
17	the term '' vernal keratoconjunctivitis '' ( vkc ) is used to refer to keratoconjunctivitis occurring in spring , and is usually considered to be due to allergen .
18	however , on december 29 , it was announced that the roof would not be repaired until the spring of 2011 .
2	in the spring of 2007 , the florida legislature ( controlled by republicans in both chambers , passed the house bill 537 which moved the date of the state 's republican and democratic primaries to january 29 , a week before the earliest permitted date of both parties .
0	spring 2013 : organized student easter egg hunt on bascom hill .
23	in a. alnifolia , they are about across , and appear on short raceme of three to 20 somewhat crowded together , in spring while the new leaves are still expanding .
53	if succeeded you say april , april din dumma sill jag kan lura dig vart jag vill meaning april , april you stupid herring , i can trick you where ever i want ( to ) on the last day of april walpurgis night ( valborg ) is celebrated throughout sweden to greet spring .
9	an unusually mild winter and a warm , early spring were followed by an unusually cool , wet summer and a cold , early autumn in 1992 .
10	thunderstorm season in the usa and canada runs in the spring through summer .
8	in west bengal , it is associated with spring , especially through the poems and songs of nobel laureate rabindranath tagore , who likened its bright orange flame-like flower to fire .
24	wattle day is a national day of celebration in australia on the first day of september , that is also the first day of spring in the southern hemisphere .
4	m. cuticularis flowers in spring between the months of september and january .
41	the warkworth district is known as the kowhai coast , named after the native kowhai tree , and the town 's annual kowhai festival is one of the largest community festivals in the country , running for around a week in spring .
27	according to her dictionary of american naval fighting ships entry , waubansee was being prepared for reactivation at the time of the entry 's publication in the spring of 1979 , but there are no available records that confirm a reactivation .
7	in october 2011 ( i.e. in the spring ) , two people were killed and nearly 200 were injured after a tornado formed .
11	it was originally used as an inn for visitors to the spring waters that gave the village its name , very near its location .
8	the village was famous for its mineral water spring used for healing in sanatorium , including the hawthorne and lithia springs .
5	every mountain , river , spring , marsh , tree and rocky outcrop was inspirited .
13	in 1455 , near lengsfeld in the amt of landeck , a healing spring was mentioned .
1	yellow spring ) is a municipality in naâma province , algeria .
42	at a cost of # 6,000 , it was an irregular oval shape with a 100 yards ( 91 metres ) straight section for racing ; a paved surround and changing rooms were built and the pool was fed by an underground spring .
19	its name derives from the hometown of the first colonial settlers , sharon , connecticut , and the important spring in the village .
14	history willow springs was so named from its position at the site of a spring , surrounded by willow .
41	excavations on and around the property also turned up the foundation and cellar of an old ice house , later used as a trash midden ; the foundation of another small building , whose purpose remains uncertain ; and a small spring associated through oral tradition with peter francisco .
7	lourdes water lourdes water flows from a spring at the same spot where it was discovered by bernadette .
10	the name is supposed to have been derived from the spring which runs out of the bunter sandstone over a bed of clay , near to the northern end of the forest , called '' bull well .
3	the sava dolinka spring is fed by groundwater possibly exhibiting bifurcation of source karst aquifer to the sava and soča basins .
12	description seagull lake is a sub-coastal saline lake fed by a marine spring .
11	its natural habitat are river , intermittent freshwater marsh , freshwater spring , temperate desert ( including the atacama desert ) , and pond .
6	etymology aïn is arabic and means spring , while beïda means white .
7	course blue jay creek begins at a spring , about east of the community of sandfield on lake manitou in central manitoulin township , and at an elevation of .
5	swimming is available in a spring - fed lake south of the campground .
14	the urban area is divided into four barrio s and 28 colonia s. nearby spring include catorce de julio , to the south , la mina , to the northwest , and el chorro , to the north .
15	other stories say the lizard eats a legendary plant , or drinks from a healing spring which neutralises the poison .
4	miners struck a gushing spring of natural bitumen , a black treacle - like substance , when digging a canal tunnel for the coalport canal in 1787 .
5	furthermore , there are a spring - fed outdoor swimming pool in hammelbach and a campsite .
12	the temple is situated on a hill , approximately from the main spring in the area , the naba al-arbain .
17	it is only known from a few small seeps and the shallow lower outflow of one larger spring in dalhousie springs , lake eyre basin .
61	wherever a burst of water appears in any particular spot , the sure and certain way of getting quit of such an evil is to dig hollow drains to such a depth below the surface as is required by the fall or level that can be gained , and by the quantity of water expected to proceed from the burst or spring .
20	they were dedicated to the god vovotius and the goddesses boudina and alauna and might have belonged to a gallo-roman spring sanctum .
14	in 1506 , hauptschwenda was mentioned as a pilgrimage place with its annenquelle ( spring , and now called lindenborn ) that could work wonders .
12	silver springs is a u.s. unincorporated community and the site of aquatic spring in marion county , florida .
18	aboon the brae ( scots language for '' above the hill '' ) is the site of a spring .
27	biskirchen in the constituent community of biskirchen are the ruins of the old bischofskirche ( bishop 's church ) , and a well house housing the healing spring that appears here .
7	its habitat includes rocky mountain streams , spring - fed brooks in the ravines of deciduous forests , muddy sections of streams and seepages .