20	since 1999 , the lineup has consisted of hans ( singer ) , herman ( guitar ) , ludwig ( bass ) and erik ( drum ) .
17	the band consisted of jeremy stanley on vocals , brian christensen on guitar , tom collins on bass and joshua zirbel on drums .
17	track listing personnel ; muse matthew bellamy lead vocals , guitar , piano , production christopher wolstenholme bass , backing vocals , production dominic howard drums , percussion , artwork , production paul reeve production , mixing on '' cave '' and '' coma '' john cornfield mixing on '' overdue '' and '' escape '' chris davison photography trivia on the cover of the ep is a distorted and re-arranged image of the band 's drummer , dominic howard .
17	personnel ; current members jenny hoyston - vocals , guitar , trumpet , keyboards ellie erickson - bass bianca sparta - drums sara jaffe - guitar ( 1999 -- 2004 , sporadic live appearances since ) archie mackay - vocals ( july , august 2004 only ) discography albums other animals cd/lp ( 2001 ) troubleman at crystal palace cd/lp ( 2003 ) nightlife cd/lp ( 2006 ) singles '' erase errata '' ( 2000 ) inconvenient press '' the structure of scientific misconceptions '' ( 2001 ) toyo 7 '' split single with black dice ( 2001 ) troubleman 7 '' compilation feat .
53	track listing personnel amanda lear -- lead vocals patrick bacqueville -- trombone nicolas baudino -- flute , saxophone françois biesan -- trumpet farhat bouallagui -- violin christophe challut -- hair styling christophe dubois -- drums judith flessel-toto -- backing vocals sandrine foguère -- backing vocals fx costello -- record producer , guitar , bass , keyboards , backing vocals get ready !
3	music field contributed bass and vocals in the band rodriguez with m. ward and mike funk .
23	the band 's line-up , unchanged until their breakup , consisted of bradley nowell ( vocals and guitar ) , eric wilson ( bass ) and bud gaugh ( drums ) .
46	the band 's initial line-up featured pär wiksten ( vocals , guitar ) , christina bergmark ( born 1 march 1963 ) ( keyboards , vocals ) , stefan schönfeldt ( born 5 june 1965 ) ( guitars ) and his younger brother fredrik schönfeldt ( bass ) with gunnar karlsson ( drums ) and björn malmquist ( violin ) .
4	he performed vocals , bass , guitar , bones , mandolin , fiddle , accordion and harmonica .
16	track listing personnel anja orthodox - vocal , lyrics paweł pieczyński - guitar krzysztof najman - bass piotr pawłowski - drums michał rollinger - keyboards michał jelonek - violin tomasz '' titus '' pukacki - vocal jacek skirucha - guitar dariusz ślusarczyk - conga music - closterkeller .
9	track listing credits barclay james harvest les holroyd -- bass , keyboards , guitars , vocals john lees -- guitars , vocals mel pritchard -- drums , percussion guest musicians '' special guest musician '' on ring of changes was bias boshell , founder member of english folk band trees , working with barclay james harvest for the first time .
21	formed in 1980 , the band 's original line-up was shaun ryder on lead vocals , his brother paul ryder on bass , lead guitarist mark day , keyboardist paul davis , and drummer gary whelan .
10	track listing personnel paul croan -- producer gavin clark -- bass , keyboards , programming kevan whitley -- guitar , keyboards , programming dan bartley -- album artwork trivia most of the song titles on the album are references/tributes to basketball , football , the simpsons , the american humourist maddox , and several movies , including seven , the matrix , and good morning , vietnam .
4	he plays guitar , bass , saxophone and flute for the post-rock band do make say think , and has also contributed to albums by broken social scene , feist , the hidden cameras and charles spearin .
5	: guitars craig adams : bass smiley : drums mark taylor : piano , hammond organ , keyboards founding members mike peters dave sharp : guitars - born david kitchingman , 28 january 1959 , salford , england .
15	warmoth guitar products , inc. is an american manufacturer and distributor of electric guitar and bass parts , catering particularly to small scale manufacturers , custom builders , amateur constructors , and professional artists such as rivers cuomo and matt sharp ( weezer ) , ed king ( lynyrd skynyrd ) , and kerry livgren ( kansas ) .
16	he started playing keyboard at the age of 9 and later learned to play guitar , bass and drums .
13	for this performance and some other touring the band was joined by original bass player clint weinrich , who would officially rejoin the band in 2006 .
34	linx was a british soul / funk band consisting of david grant , bob carter ( keyboards ) , andy duncan ( drum ) , canute edwards ( guitar ) and peter martin ( bass ) ( aka sketch ) .
52	the original version of the band broke up after college , with original members elliot lurie and larry gonsky recruiting two new members to form the classic looking glass lineup : elliot lurie ( lead guitar and vocals ) jeff grob ( drums ) larry gonsky ( piano ) pieter sweval ( bass ) the group had the #1 hit single for the week of august 26 , 1972 with '' brandy ( you 're a fine girl ) '' , written by lurie ; and also a minor hit '' jimmy loves mary-anne '' ( 1973 ) , subsequently covered by josie cotton .
32	formation and sons ltd the original incarnation of the novellos first met at newcastle under lyme school , the line-up saw mike thomas on guitar and vocal duties , adam steele on bass , richard dodd on guitar and keys and daniel ellwood on drums .
19	band members bill kaulitz -- lead vocals tom kaulitz -- guitar , keyboards , backing vocals georg listing -- bass , piano , keyboards , backing vocals gustav schäfer -- drums , percussion , backing vocals discography ; studio albums schrei ( 2005 ) zimmer 483 ( 2007 ) scream ( 2007 ) humanoid ( 2009 ) kings of suburbia ( 2014 ) awards since the release of the '' durch den monsun '' single in 2005 , tokio hotel have gone on to win 110 awards in various categories and countries .
18	he taught himself the guitar ( his favorite instrument ) , as well as piano / keyboard , bass and drums ( the only instrument he was ever trained in ) .
15	ernie isley : electric guitar , acoustic guitar , drums , percussion marvin isley : bass chris jasper : electric piano , clavinet , arp synthesizers , t.o.n.t.o. , acoustic piano .
17	personnel tyson todd meade -- vocals mark metzger -- guitar trent bell -- guitar clint mcbay -- bass aaron preston -- drums credits produced by butch vig executive producers : jay faires and steve balcom recorded at smart studios , madison , wi engineered by butch vig and doug colson mastered at masterdisk by howie weinberg backing vocals on '' flipped out in singapore '' by asa miura videos the album 's two lead tracks , '' connie , i 've found the door '' and '' high in high school , '' saw release as music videos , directed by phil harder and spike jonze , respectively .
4	he has been playing bass since the 5th grade , but has never taken any formal lessons .
14	com or simply ug , is a large guitarist community website including guitar and bass tablature , reviews of music and equipment , interviews with notable musicians , online written and video lessons , and forums .
59	'' track listing ; side one ; side two personnel the doobie brothers tom johnston -- guitar , lead vocals on '' turn it loose '' and vocal on '' wheels of fortune '' patrick simmons -- guitar , vocals jeff '' skunk '' baxter -- guitar , steel guitar michael mcdonald -- keyboards , vocals tiran porter -- bass , vocals , lead vocal on '' for someone special '' john hartman -- drums keith knudsen -- drums , vocals johnston rejoined the band late in the sessions and thus does not appear on most of the album .
57	track listing ; digital download -- '' non me lo so spiegare '' ( 2004 ) personnel ; music credits michele canova -- arrangements , rhythmic programming , keyboards leonardo di angilla -- percussions tiziano ferro -- vocals , composer andrea fontana -- drums cristian rigano -- rhodes piano , acoustic piano , keyboards pino saracini -- bass davide tagliapietra -- guitars ; production credits michele canova -- prudcer , engineer , mixing sandro franchin -- additional engineer mara maionchi -- producer alberto salerno -- producer charts laura pausini cover laura pausini recorded the song as a duet with tiziano ferro for her 2006 's album io canto .
20	they were formed in 1988 by justin broadrick ( guitar , vocals , and programming ) and g.c. green ( bass ) and disbanded in 2002 .
3	george duvivier -- bass art taylor -- drums january 13 , 1955 , side a track 5 and side b tracks 1-5 .
4	with christian mcbride ( bass ) and jack dejohnette ( drums ) .
42	this is especially pronounced on the key recordings from 1965 ( the magic city , the heliocentric worlds of sun ra , volume one and the heliocentric worlds of sun ra , volume two ) where the intertwining lines of boykins ' bass and ra 's electronic keyboards provide the cohesion .
55	an instrumental version was recorded in oslo on april 29 , 1954 by '' verden rundt 's '' all star band ( rowland greenberg ( trp ) - a. skjold ( trombone ) - k. stokke ( alt ) - k. bergheim ( tenor ) - knut hyrum ( baritone ) - i. børsum ( bass ) - scott lunde ( piano ) - k. o. hoff ( drums ) ) .
54	prima was backed by his las vegas group , sam butera & the witnesses , in its original line-up : sam butera ( tenor sax ) , james '' red '' blount ( trombone ) , william '' willie '' mccumber ( piano ) , jack marshall ( guitar ) , amado rodriques ( bass ) and robert '' bobby '' morris ( drums ) .
29	these elements could be the melody , the counter-melody , the phrase and break in the melody , the beat , the back beat , the drum , the bass , the keys of the piano and any other musical or rhythmic components .
44	track listing ; original issue , warwick w 2041 ; volume 2 , warwick w 2041-2 ; a recent cd issue , 2010 , fresh sound records personnel pepper adams - baritone saxophone donald byrd - trumpet herbie hancock - piano laymon jackson - bass jimmy cobb - drums reissues the recording sessions were reissued under various titles and leading artists , some even with changed track titles ( false composer credits , missing names of bassist and drummer and the recording date ) .
34	edwards came from a family of accomplished musicians , so that by age five he began playing a variety of string instruments including the steel guitar , banjo , mandolin , violin , and bass .
43	in 1989 , what became the final jazz messengers lineup was established : brian lynch on trumpet , javon jackson and dale barlow on tenors , steve davis and/or frank lacy on trombone , geoff keezer on piano and essiet okon essiet on bass .
40	other versions include those by dean martin , chick corea , ella fitzgerald , sarah vaughan , lita roza , magni wentzel with einar iversen , trumpet , endre iversen , piano , tor braun , guitar , erik amundsen bass ( recorded on may 2 , 1960 and released on the single odeon nd 7373 ) , nancy wilson , rickie lee jones , sonny rollins , oscar peterson , jamie cullum , featuring paula cole on vocals , and mark isham and kate ceberano on their album of duets bittersweet ( 2009 ) , sophie milman ( released on the album take love easy , 2009 ) , gwilym simcock ( on his 2007 release perception ) and paul mccartney on his 2012 album , kisses on the bottom .
18	an arrangement of this symphony for chamber ensemble ( consisting of 2 violin , viola , cello , bass , clarinet , horn , piano 4-hands , and harmonium ) was prepared in 1921 by students and associates of arnold schoenberg , for the viennese '' society for private musical performances '' : hanns eisler ( 1st and 3rd movements ) , erwin stein ( 2nd mvt .
23	( wcs 062 ) ; released in 2012 on whaling city sound ; featured zé eduardo nazario on drums , john lockwood on bass , and jake sherman on keyboards .
16	trio : harry connick , jr. ( vocals , piano ) ; benjamin jonah wolfe ( bass ) ; shannon powell ( drums ) .
12	later that summer they added a rhythm section , tony tolhurst ( bass ) and john pilgrim ( washboard ) , and took up residency at the renowned soho music venue , the 2i 's coffee bar .
24	track listing personnel art pepper -- alto saxophone ; clarinet on '' sometime '' george cables -- piano tony dumas -- '' blitz '' bass billy higgins -- drums sources richard cook & brian morton .
3	ray brown -- bass ( except track 4 -- powell solo ) max roach -- drums ( except track 4 -- powell solo ) february 1950 , disc 1 , tracks 7-13 .
81	track listing thad jones ( deb 127 ) lp side a : lp side b : later cd re-issue bonus tracks : original 10 inch lp releases : the fabulous thad jones ( dlp 12 ) lp side a : lp side b : thad jones/charles mingus - jazz collaborations , vol . 1 ( dlp 17 ) lp side a : lp side b : all track times are from cd re-issue personnel thad jones -- trumpet charles mingus -- bass on the 1954 the fabulous thad jones tracks : frank wess -- tenor saxophone , flute hank jones -- piano kenny clarke -- drums on the 1955 thad jones / charles mingus jazz collaborations vol .
16	his knowledge of executing different musical instruments , led him to play the guitar , the bass , and the typical string instrument of puerto rico , the cuatro , for the ponce high vocal group .
39	the founding members of the kubasonics were brian , brian 's brother - paul cherwick ( drums ) , brian 's late wife - beth cherwick ( violin ) , jay lind ( guitar ) and bill yacey ( bass ) .
46	the band was originally named foghorn leghorn and the lineup consisted of stephen '' sammy '' lind on fiddle and harmony vocals , the reverend p. t. grover , jr. , on banjo , caleb klauder on mandolin and harmony vocals , and brian bagdonas on bass .
7	the opening motif played by cello and bass is repeated throughout the movement .
13	the two volumes present performances of pianist keith jarrett with gary peacock on bass and jack dejohnette on drums .
32	theo jörgensmann and marcin oles in budapest , concert hall ship a 38 , september 2006 marcin oles ( born 1973 in sosnowiec , poland ) is a jazz and free improvisation bass player , composer and record producer .
22	track listing recorded at van gelder studio in englewood cliffs , new jersey on january 10 , 1973 personnel ron carter - bass , arranger , conductor hubert laws - flute ( tracks 1 , 5 & 6 ) richard tee - electric piano , piano ( tracks 1 , 4 & 5 ) bob james - piano ( tracks 2 , 3 & 6 ) gene bertoncini ( track 5 ) , sam brown ( track 3 ) - guitar billy cobham - drums ralph macdonald - percussion ( tracks 1 & 4-6 ) robert honablue - engineer reception allmusic reviewer nathan bush states '' blues farm ' s excursions are enjoyable , but somewhat reserved .
11	this included instrument replacement for the piano , staple percussion and bass .
18	donald winston thompson , oc ( born 18 january 1940 ) is a canadian jazz musician who plays bass , piano , and vibes .
22	personnel brennan gilmore -- guitar / vocals will lee -- banjo / vocals andy thacker -- mandolin / vocals zack blatter -- bass nick reeb -- fiddle / vocals previous members ann marie calhoun ( née simpson ) -- fiddle / vocals brian calhoun -- guitar steve hoke -- fiddle randall ray -- guitar billy cardine -- dobro ben krakauer -- banjo mark krakauer -- guitar image : walker 's run at bel rio .
21	after you 've gone this segment again featured benny goodman and the goodman octet as eight anthropomorphized instruments ( piano , bass , drums , clarinet , trumpet , trombone , alto sax , tenor sax ) who paraded through a musical playground .
9	trevor hutchinson with lúnasa trevor hutchinson is an british bass player and a founding member of lúnasa .
28	turn up the quiet ( wcs 051 ) ; released in 2010 on whaling city sound ; featured ron gill on vocals , john stein on guitar and bass , and gilad barkan on keyboards .
12	at the request of her headmistress , she was trained by the bass daniel rootham ( father of the composer cyril rootham ) and joined the bristol festival chorus , of which daniel rootham was musical director ) .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , trumpet , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
15	scoring and structure the cantata is intimately scored for soprano , alto , tenor and bass soloists , four-part choir and a small orchestra of two violin , bassoon obbligato , and basso continuo .
17	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is festively scored for alto , tenor , and bass soloists , a four-part choir , trumpet , two oboe , two violin , viola and ( basso continuo ) ) including bassoon .
15	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for soprano , tenor and bass soloists and a four-part choir , two oboes da caccia , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
17	prosper dérivis nicolas-prosper dérivis ( 28 october 1808 - 11 february 1880 ) was a french operatic bass .
26	the assembly of the choir is ssaattbb ( 1 and 2 soprano , 1 and 2 alto , 1 and 2 tenor , 1 and 2 bass ) .
14	norman scott ( 1921 -- september 22 , 1968 ) was an american opera bass .
3	the narrator ( bass solo ) : '' now in each nation there were some cast out '' 5 .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , bass ) , a four-part choir , trumpet , flauto traverso , oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
16	he also traveled with conductor alexander peloquin and the boston college chorale , singing as a bass , baritone , and tenor .
10	the oratorio is scored for soprano , tenor , and bass soloists , with standard satb chorus and symphony orchestra .
17	xix 164 -- 7 located at the biblioteca nazionale centrale firenze uncovered previously unidentified emblems in the bass partbook .
15	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for soprano , alto and bass soloists , a four-part choir , two oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
32	the founding members were olaf drauschke and guenter barton ( first and second baritone ) , holger off and marco woytowicz ( first and second tenor ) , tilmann f. rönnebeck ( bass ) , and horst maria merz ( pianist ) .
21	besides the protagonist , represented by a dummy , there are 23 roles requiring seven singers ( mezzo-soprano , countertenor , bass , 2 tenors , 2 baritone ) and 4 dancers .
27	they disbanded in 1951 and powell formed the austin powell quintet , which consisted of former cats and the fiddle members johnny davis , stanley gaines ( bass ) , doris knighton , as well as beryl booker , and dottie smith .
22	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is festively scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , flauto traverso , three oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
25	scoring and structure the title is given by bach as : the cantata is structured in seven movements and is festively scored for tenor and bass soloists , a four-part choir , two horn , two recorder , two oboes da caccia , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
20	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for four soloists -- soprano , alto , tenor and bass -- a four-part choir , two oboe , two violin , viola , viola da gamba and basso continuo .
16	( friedrich ) sebastian mayer ( actually meier , 1773 9 may 1835 ) was a bass singer and stage director of the classical era .
1	a bass with a rich , smooth and sonorous voice , he spent 22 seasons at new york 's metropolitan opera , appearing in more than 750 performances of 50 operas .
16	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for three vocal soloists ( soprano , alto and bass ) , a four-part choir , two alto recorder , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
16	scoring and structure the cantata is festively scored for soprano , alto , tenor , and bass , a four-part choir , two horn , timpani , three oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
19	wilhelm troszel wilhelm troszel ( 26 august 1823 - 2 march 1887 ) was a polish composer and opera bass .
15	ferruccio furlanetto ( born 16 may 1949 in sacile , italy ) is an italian bass .
14	ivo vinco ( 8 november 1927 -- 8 june 2014 ) was an italian bass opera singer who enjoyed a successful international career .
4	ray walker , the bass singer from elvis presley 's backing group the jordanaires was used by producer felton jarvis to augment the group 's vocal sound on '' i must be doing something wrong .
5	) was a german operatic bass .
51	in the first four cantatas of the cycle , bach gave the cantus firmus of the chorale tune to the soprano in the first , , to the alto in the second , , to the tenor in the third , , for st. john 's day , and to the bass in the fourth , .