8	the chariot 's archer was armed either a bow ( gōng 弓 ) or crossbow ( nŭ 弩 ) for long distance attacks .
21	as was standard siege technique at the time , small ballistae were placed in the towers with other troops armed with bow or sling .
18	instinctive aiming is a technique used by trained archers and marksmen to improve general accuracy when using a bow , firearm , or other ranged weapon .
21	each member in the party is specialized in one of the five weapon groups and they are sword , sabre , bow , axe and spear .
7	, which means '' way of the bow '' , is the modern name for japanese archery .
21	horse archer presentation in hungary a horse archer , horsed archer , or mounted archer is a cavalry armed with a bow , able to shoot while riding from horseback .
15	elastic potential energy is the potential energy of an elastic object ( for example a bow or a catapult ) that is deformed under tension or compression ( or stressed in formal terminology ) .
12	individual hussar towarzysz may possibly have carried a tatar or turkish reflex bow with arrows in a quiver , especially after the mid-17th century , when many ` pancerny ' companions became hussars , and some sources of the late 17th century note the existence of bows amongst the hussar companions .
13	by the mesolithic , hunting strategies had diversified with the development of the bow 18,000 years ago and the domestication of the dog about 15,000 years ago .
38	fistmele , also known as the '' brace height '' , is an older term used in archery to describe the correct distance ( about seven inches , for a northern europe or english longbow ) between a bow and its string .
33	the gold used in the coins was of very high quality with a purity of 95.83 % and it bore the image of the persian king or a great warrior armed with a bow and arrow .
13	gungsul , also written goongsul , literally means '' the craft of the bow .
13	multiwa is hysteria 's niece and buldont 's cousin , skilled with a bow that can become a sword .
9	the combination of the horse-mounted warrior armed with a bow made the steppe people 's armies the most powerful military force in asian history .
8	trade with peoples to the southwest brought the bow and arrow , and trade with the marksville culture and other hopewellian peoples brought exotic goods such as fresh water pearls , sea shells , sharks ' teeth , and copper .
7	valentinian is killed while training with the bow on the campus martius ( rome ) .
6	skilled with javelin , spear and bow , she was an excellent horsewoman and commanded her own battalion .
11	he supports the shield with his right hand and holds a bow over his left shoulder .
20	a popular ecotourism destination in the area is cabo de la vela missionary history wayuus carrying a rifle and traditional bow and arrow .
19	sketch by leonardo da vinci , c. 1500 a crossbow is a type of weapon , based on the bow , consisting of a horizontal bow-like assembly mounted on a stock , that shoots projectiles called bolts or quarrel .
18	ted and fred , having previously filled the casket with gasoline , start shooting fiery arrows from a bow at the casket .
4	the hunting tool was bow and arrow .
13	the french name for the osage orange , '' bois d'arc '' ( bow - wood ) , is sometimes rendered as '' bowdark .
5	mongolian troops had a buryat bow , for showering the enemy with arrows from a safe distance .
53	as per the main priest ( puja panda ) , the dhruva/main idol of goddess is stationary ( achalanti mula vigraha ) and she holds sword ( khadga ) , trident ( trishul ) , manuscript ( pustak ) and lute or veena in her right hands and disk ( pattisha ) , bow ( karmuka ) , bell ( ghanta ) and the head of buffalo demon ( mahishasura ) left hands .
1	holmegaard bow were found in the bog of northern europe dating from the mesolithic period .
19	the latter is associated with her skill as an archer , and although she does not receive a physical bow , she recalls some advice given to her by michiru kaioh -- '' ( if ) you think you 're being taken advantage of by the enemies , stretch a line taut in your soul .
12	tree nearby provided wood for posts for house walls and stockades , bow and arrow shafts , bowl and spoon , and firewood .
27	the heroes fought with craston and kaeg to protect rebecca from albion , from which they recovered the sword of the mahentoy ( cyclopes ) and the bow of the encantada ( fairies ) .
36	some narrate episodes from the hero 's life , others are war hymns ( for example , the sifu uta wangu or '' song of the warrior '' in which liongo celebrates the virtues of his bow ) .
4	damage to wisconsin s bow from collision with on 6 may 1956 throughout april 1956 and into may , wisconsin operated locally off the virginia capes .
9	diving planes are usually fitted in pairs , the bow planes at the front of the submarine and the stern planes at the rear .
2	jpg the bow of the frigate .
28	her laboratories had temperature-controlled aquaria and live specimen wells , and she had a walk-in freezer , a dark room , and an underwater observation chamber in her bow and on her port side for studying fish behavior at sea .
10	the design came with a ram attached to the reinforced bow , which was standard practice for the time .
15	one is that seafaring people believed that pilot fish , which would appear around the bow of their ships when they were close to land , were leading ( or piloting ) them back to port .
1	the bow and beakhead of the 17th century warship vasa seen from above .
11	it was a round - bilge keel ship with a round bow and stern , the latter relatively high , and with a gallery .
13	the main armament consisted of one breech-loading 320-mm canet gun mounted in the bow of the ship ( in the stern in the case of matsushima ) , which could fire 450-kg armor-piercing or 350-kg explosive shells at an effective range of 8000 meters .
6	the wind forced the ship 's bow around to the southwest .
7	the stern section sank , while the bow continued to drift in the wind .
3	bordelon s port bow and some of the superstructure were damaged and the main mast snapped and fell on the signal shack , injuring some of the handling team .
46	'' jervis later personally directed that the midshipman should have his head shaved , a notice hung around his neck describing his crime and that he should be solely responsible for the cleaning of the head ( naval term for the communal toilets situated at the bow of the ship ) until further notice .
9	loaded down with eight cords of wood on her bow , she began to founder .
6	soldiers exited by the boat 's bow ramp .
13	the main battery consisted of one breech-loading 320-mm canet gun mounted in the bow of the ship , which could fire 450-kg armor-piercing or 350-kg explosive shells at an effective range of .
26	shortly after the 1880 new year the sons of the owner of gokstad farm , having heard of the legends surrounding the site , uncovered the bow of a boat and its painter while digging in the still frozen ground .
4	trophies and notable voyages bow view of libertad docked in dublin in 1964 the frigate competed for the first time in a major offshore race for tall ships between the ports of lisbon and hamilton , bermuda .
24	these were designated ` a ' , ` b ' , ` q ' , ` x ' , and ` y ' from bow to stern .
7	the collision sank miyuki and severed the bow on inazuma , which was towed to sasebo naval arsenal by the cruiser for extensive repairs .
7	she was fitted with large rams at bow and stern ; the stern ram also serving to protect her rudder and propeller .
17	the other way to change the side of the boat that faces the wind is turning the bow of the boat into , and then through , the direction of the wind .
17	as of 2010 , divers reported seeing a large nurse shark inside the rope room at the bow on nearly every dive .
24	the simple metal pier represents the stern at the water 's edge , a simple cylinder frame is the smoke stack , and the bow is made of prefabricated parts similar to those assembled by the shipyard workers .
6	she was fitted with a ram bow and lacked the stern ram of her half-sisters .
9	fifteen minutes after hitting the mine , swerve s bow was up with the stern resting on the bottom .
80	as well as saunders-roe and vickers ( which combined in 1966 to form the british hovercraft corporation ( bhc ) ) , other commercial craft were developed during the 1960s in the uk by cushioncraft ( part of the britten-norman group ) and hovermarine based at woolston ( the latter being 'sidewall hovercraft ' , where the sides of the hull projected down into the water to trap the cushion of air with ` normal ' hovercraft skirts at the bow and stern ) .
3	all had two bow torpedo tube and two torpedo , and were equipped with a deck-mounted machine gun .
11	confusingly , the designation '' sp-2744 '' was painted on her bow and this designation is reported as her official one by many sources , although this contradicted her official data card , which identifies her as '' id .
8	this view was taken from off the port bow , showing f-4 s port-side diving plane in the center .
28	it is similar in size to the latter instrument and likewise has six or seven strings of gut , arranged over a fret fingerboard and played with a bow .
6	he sometimes plays using a cello bow .
30	zithers are played by strumming or plucking the strings , either with the fingers ( sometimes using a tool called a plectrum ) , or sounding the strings with a bow .
4	ysaÿe also employed virtuoso bow and left hand techniques throughout , for he believed that '' at the present day the tools of violin mastery , of expression , technique , mechanism , are far more necessary than in days gone by .
36	bows heads of three violin bows : ( upper ) transitional ( f. tourte ) , swan-bill head of a long 18th-century model , pike-head of a 17th-century model a violin is usually played using a bow consisting of a stick with a ribbon of horsehair strung between the tip and frog ( or nut , or heel ) at opposite ends .
1	the bow consists of a stick with many hairs stretched between its ends .
8	the strings are sounded either by drawing the bow across them ( arco ) , or sometimes by plucking them ( pizzicato ) .
5	he then picks up a bow and comes to a table occupied by a sleeping hefty patron .
7	sound is usually created by drawing a bow across the back edge of the saw at the sweet spot , or sometimes by striking the sweet spot with a mallet .
5	it is played with a bow and has between three and thirty strings depending on the region .
26	after the release of ágætis byrjun , the band became well known for jónsi 's signature style of reverb accentuated guitar work using a cello 's bow .
1	a bow is pulled over the string/s ( made of horsetail ) , creating a dramatic and sharp sound , expressive and difficult to master .
8	for instance , it is clear that the bow is held underhand ( with the palm upwards ) , unlike the technique used for the modern cello or violin .
8	the kyl kyyak is played vertically with a bow and can be played on horse .
9	sheeran sings and performs on a loop station , bow saw , melodica , accordion , flute , ukulele , and used a tc helicon voice live 2 to manipulate her vocals and create harmonies .
4	the eeng is a bow string instrument .
27	pop mašina had an attractive on-stage appearance : božinović was one of the first former yugoslav guitarists that played long guitar solos , played guitar with a bow and behind his back .
5	amber frog on a violin bow , made by keith peck in 1996/97 .
28	other african-derived instruments include metal percussion rods , agan , the rasp wiri , aerophones like the cachu trumpet , becu transverse double-reed wind instrument , and the bow benta .
20	bowed guitar is a method of playing a guitar , acoustic or electric , in which the guitarist uses a bow to play the instrument , similar to playing a cello or a viola da gamba .
17	william lewis & son was a distinguished chicago - based music store that specialized in violins and bow .
29	in italian it is called either manico or tasto , the latter especially in the phrase sul tasto , a direction for bowed string instruments to play with the bow above the fingerboard .
9	he is known for his use of a cello bow on guitar and his falsetto or countertenor voice .
8	uitti invented a radically extended technique using two bow simultaneously in one hand - being the first to transform the cello into a 4 part chordal instrument .
8	the instrument is normally played with a cello bow .
29	bowed string instruments , such as the violin , can also be plucked in the technique known as pizzicato ; however , as they are usually played with a bow , they are not included in this category .
22	frank served in the army during world war ii and then began his career in san francisco crafting and restoring violin and bow , a job he kept for 51 years until he was forced to retire in 1999 due to illness .
11	fingerboards may also be unfretted , as they usually are on bow instruments , where damping by the finger is of little consequence because of the sustained stimulation of the strings .
14	: on the bridge ; i.e. , in string playing , an indication to bow or to pluck very near to the bridge , producing a characteristic glassy sound , which emphasizes the higher harmonic at the expense of the fundamental ; the opposite of sul tasto portamento : carrying ; i.e. , 1 .
19	the gudok or hudok ( , ) is an ancient eastern slavic string musical instrument , played with a bow .