3	bore is the chair of norwegian church aid since 2000 .
18	christina elizabeth kramer is professor of slavic and balkan languages and linguistics at the university of toronto and chair of the university 's department of slavic languages and literatures which is part of the faculty of arts and science .
12	the conference is led by a president , who also serves as chair of the conference board .
20	wolfgang kaim ( born 13 may 1951 in bad vilbel , germany ) is a german chemist who is the chair of coordination chemistry at the university of stuttgart .
4	in 2006 , she chair the lewes district council , where she represented the coastal communities of east saltdean and telscombe cliffs , just five miles east of the cosmopolitan hub of brighton in sussex .
60	the first of a series of gablestones on a gemeenlandshuis in halfweg built in 1645 ; each stone represents the heraldic shield of the dike-reeve and his men , known as the heemraden , or in this case , the high or hoogheemraden a dijkgraaf ( translated : dike-warden or dike-reeve ) , sometimes called a watergraaf , is the chair of a dutch water board .
23	he was professor of english literature at the university of southern california from 1905 to 1911 , when he was transferred to the chair of orient studies and comparative literature .
12	officers - the senior executive of the official side is usually the chair and a representative of the staff side nominated as vice-chair .
6	in 2009 , ursula philpot , chair of the british dietetic association and senior lecturer at leeds metropolitan university , described people with orthorexia nervosa to the guardian as being '' solely concerned with the quality of the food they put in their bodies , refining and restricting their diets according to their personal understanding of which foods are truly ` pure ' .
24	when no second is made after a motion is proposed , if the motion requires a second and none is immediately offered , the chair of the body will usually ask , '' is there a second ?
5	he also served as the chair of the british columbia political science articulation committee .
30	present positions he is the current president of national taiwan university ( 2005 -- ) , president of the association of national universities of taiwan ( 2006 -- ) and chair of the university mobility in asia and the pacific ( 2005 -- ) .
12	until 2011 , when he became emeritus , he was professor and chair of philosophy at tallinn university of technology ( tut ) .
4	smith has been the chair of the norwegian institute for social research from 2007 to 2010 .
19	outside of representative government , platou was involved in the administration of vinmonopolet from 1950 , finally serving as chair from 1981 to 1987 .
8	this publication raised his hopes to obtain the chair of reptile and fish at the natural history museum left vacant by the death of auguste duméril ( 1812 -- 1870 ) but it was finally léon vaillant ( 1834 -- 1914 ) who was selected .
21	in 2001 he became a board member of the norwegian news agency , and in 2009 he succeeded aslak ona as chair .
9	from 1885 to 1892 , he held a similar chair at milan .
21	sweden the united kingdom , ireland and other english speaking countries united states historical islamic usage in muslim civilisation , the chair was designated by the caliph himself .
3	he served as chair of the administrative committee from 1965 through 1966 .
10	during the 96th illinois general assembly , koehler was the chair of the local government committee and of the subcommittee on fertilizers and chemicals ( of the agriculture and conservation committee ) .
2	he is chair of the railway company flytoget since 2003 .
9	for a year after graduation , stanley served as chair of belles-lettres at christian college in hustonville , kentucky .
4	she was the deputy chair of the directorate of labor from 1975 to 1983 , of the norwegian labour inspection authority from 1972 to 1988 and of nordlandsbanken from 1982 .
6	he is well known as the chair of the editorial committee for the international code of botanical nomenclature ( icbn ) - both the previous st louis code ( 2000 ) , and tokyo code ( 1994 ) , but not the current vienna code ( 2006 ) .
11	dr. richard mark soley ( baltimore , maryland ) is the chair and ceo of object management group , inc . ( omg ) ; as such , the vision and direction of the consortium are his responsibility .
5	dick stanley continues as board chair .
25	shiyi chen ( traditional chinese : 陳十一 , simplified chinese : 陈十一 pinyin : chén shíyī ) , is the current alonzo g. decker jr. chair in engineering and science , mechanical engineering and professor , department of applied mathematics and statistics , department of physics and astronomy , johns hopkins university .
5	he is also the vice chair of tv 2 .
3	berge was the chair of the norwegian non-fiction writers and translators association from 2005 to 2008 .
5	the caquetoire , or conversation chair , was an armchair style implemented during the european renaissance .
16	one tribe , dom , is expert in manufacturing bamboo items like box , sofas , chair , basket and racks .
13	he then proceeded to attack goldberg , which led to batista inserting a chair on goldberg 's ankle .
14	hence , if procuring independently , each government agency will pay $ 100 per chair .
65	nearby is a showcase that displays memorabilia like school badges , erasers , pencil sharpener , fountain pen , ruler , pencil and a set of textbook that was commonly used in the past , the ` coffee shop ' the ` coffee shop ' resembling an old eatery ( ’kopi tiam’ ) , this setup comes complete with a cashier 's counter , wooden chair , stools , tables , mirror , clock , mechanical fan , ashtray , matchbox , counting frames , chopsticks , chopstick holders , drinking straw , spittoon , bottle opener , serving tray , coffee cup , ice grinders and a variety of soft drink .
5	armrests are also found on chair in general .
24	equipment rehab equipment includes but is not limited to : a canopy misting fan for cooling cooler with water and other beverages medical monitor chair food overview firefighter rehab is designed to ensure that the physical and mental well-being of members operating at the scene of an emergency ( or a training exercise ) do n't deteriorate to the point where it affects the safety of any other members .
5	he became a cabinet and chair maker by trade .
5	'' smith has served as chair of the trustee board of ami infinity schools , chicago .
8	the fibers are also woven into curtain , chair coverings , carpet , area rugs , hessian cloth , and backing for linoleum .
18	a sitting position sitting requires the buttocks resting on a more or less horizontal structure , like a chair or the ground .
4	a similar form of chair in domestic furniture is called '' prie-dieu '' by analogy .
18	seating garden furniture is often sold as a patio set consisting of a table , four or six chair , and a (parasol) .
27	a swivel in a chain link a swivel in a link a swivel is a connection that allows the connected object , such as a gun or chair , to rotate horizontally or vertically .
19	the museum presents exhibitions on crafts and history of the local area , including the furniture industry , especially chair - making .
4	he slumps into his chair with his head on his chest .
4	annie laurie 's wishing chair , broken tree bench , abrahams oak , pool of hebron and cave of machpelah are some of the most important sculptures that can be found throughout the cemetery .
13	columbia manufacturing inc. is a company located in westfield , massachusetts that manufactures chair , desk , bicycle , and other materials .
7	he was especially known for his designed chair .
4	he is ibn khaldun chair of islamic studies at the american university in washington dc and was the high commissioner of pakistan to uk .
6	its furniture products include table , chair , shelving units , bed , dining room set , bedroom set and more .
31	at one time it was a bustling frontier village that had three stores , a school , a cemetery , three blacksmith and wagon shops , a grist mill , a chair and coffin factory , a shoe shop and the patchin hotel which also served as the post office .
10	plot synopsis a naked woman is seen sitting on a chair in a room with view .
10	a seat is also known as a bench , a chair , a chaise longue , chesterfield , a couch , a davenport or a settee .
6	there was a large tannery , chair factory , 10 sawmill , a starch factory , a gristmill , a sash , blind and door factory , and 2 boot and shoe factories .
54	common design elements include : top surfaces of various shapes , including rectangular , rounded or semi-circular legs arranged in two or more similar pairs several geometries of folding table that can be collapsed into a smaller volume heights ranging up and down from the most common range , often reflecting the height of chair or bar stool used as seating for people making use of a table , as for eating or performing various manipulations of objects resting on a table presence or absence of drawer expansion of the surface by insertion of leaves or locking hinged drop leaf sections into horizontal position .
7	name kau yi ( 交椅 ) means chair in the cantonese language for the island 's shape .
2	jpg thonet chair wien museum karlplatz file : thonet-exhibition 58 .
16	a man , who was playing the piano in background , comes forward and puts his chair over her .
7	in 1964 , he was appointed the chair of the central asian seminar at bonn university .