55	productions directed since the late 1990s , lather has directed many large productions adding another stage to his director/choreographer career , directing world tours & live television performances for usher , p.diddy , mariah carey , rihanna , ciara , pussycat dolls , sean kingston , ashlee simpson , pharrell , gwen stefani , and seal .
0	seal performed a live version of this song at the freddie mercury tribute concert in 1992 , noting that the song made him cry when he first heard it .
5	music the original video for seal 's kiss from a rose ( 1994 ) and the music video for amerie 's '' take control '' from the album because i love it ( 2007 ) and were influenced by the film .
31	the channel 's playlist was gradually expanding , and , by 1994 , included contemporary musicians such as ace of base , melissa etheridge , sheryl crow , lisa loeb , seal , and other slightly heavier , or more alternative rock - influenced music than what it had originally played .
12	currently attached to the project are producer , , martin landau , seal , armand assante , and mr. engine audi .
20	2012 saw one direction and delta goodrem perform on the night and appearances of flo rida , tony bennett and seal .
46	released in 2013 , the real thing was well received by critics and featured an all-star lineup of cameos including grammy-nominated vocalist wayna , dj kid koala , butterscotch ( from america 's got talent ) , guitarist chris bruce ( me’shell ndegeocello , india.arie , seal , sheryl crow ) , and bassist dan lutz ( sheila e . , bebe winans , gladys knight , jonathan butler ) .
32	in the next few years ofm consistently charted on the billboard charts with production , remixer , and writers credits with britney spears , justin timberlake , beyoncé , kelly rowland , seal , usher , blue cantrell , backstreet boys , birdman , alanis morissette , janet jackson , annie lennox , dolce , tina ann , fabolous , bone crusher , shakira , and jessica simpson .
22	'' '' the stripped-down approach works well throughout the plaintive ballad ` believe in me ' , which sounds like a low-tech seal song .
51	she has appeared in several music videos , including jamiroquai 's video '' love foolosophy '' from their album a funk odyssey , kelis 's '' young , fresh n ' new '' , off her second 2001 album wanderland and , most recently , the second video for her husband seal 's song '' secret '' off his 2010 album commitment .
4	an inuit hunts the seal and uses the whole body of the animal as a basic resource for his survival .
27	paramyxoviruses are also responsible for a range of diseases in other animal species , for example canine distemper virus ( dog ) , phocine distemper virus ( seal ) , cetacean morbillivirus ( dolphin and porpoise ) , newcastle disease virus ( birds ) , and rinderpest virus ( cattle ) .
12	the world 's only mainland royal albatross colony and several penguin and seal colonies lie within the city boundaries on the otago peninsula .
42	her keel was laid down by the moran company in seattle , washington , as walrus , making her the first ship of the united states navy to be named for the walrus , a gregarious , aquatic mammal related to the seal found in arctic waters , but on 17 november 1911 she was renamed k-4 .
22	it was so named in 1902 by the swedish surveyor johan gunnar andersson who found old english try pot used to render seal oil at the site .
3	marine mammals include seal , walrus , and several species of cetacea -- baleen whale and also narwhal , killer whale and belugas .
25	subsistence activities are a large part of the culture for indigenous people and nanwalek is no exception , especially when it comes to salmon and seal harvesting .
19	m28 harpoon gun between the wars , several norwegian gunsmiths attempted to create harpoon guns , intended for hunting seal and shooting rescue lines to boat in distress .
8	some aquatic mammal , such as walrus , seal , sea lion , narwhals , beluga whales and killer whales , can store fat called blubber that they use to help keep warm in the icy waters .
0	seal oil is also reported to have been used , in addition .
8	it survives with tags which once attached a seal , now lost .
4	findings include a steatite seal with indus script probably used for trading goods , impressions of seals on a terracotta lump of burnt clay , chert blade , copper implements , terracotta bead and bangle and typical standardised pottery of the indus valley civilization .
24	horn learned that a secret alliance had been made between the people of jämtland and the norwegians , ratified with the local communities ' seal .
13	it is the symbol of the catholic university of leuven , in whose seal it is enclosed in a vesica piscis shape whose margin bears the text '' universitas catholica lovaniensis .
15	the settlement near the castle received town privileges , with a coat of arms and seal , in 1612 while part of the duchy of prussia .
2	sumerian cylinder seal also depict houses built from reeds not unlike those built by the marsh arabs of southern iraq until as recently as 400 ce .
7	other decorative touches include the city 's seal on brass doorknobs and intricately molded plaster cornice .
24	st. giovanni baptistery in florence , italy during the months when there were no baptisms the baptistery doors were sealed with the bishop 's seal , a method of controlling the orthodoxy of all baptism in the diocese .
8	one exceptional find was the discovery of a seal stamp made of a lead-tin alloy which portrayed the coat of arms of the lords of hademstorf as the former lords of the castle .
4	the earliest known county seal that has been preserved shows a right-facing lion rampant and dates to the year 1215 .
23	the 2006 delhi sealing drive was a campaign by the municipal corporation of delhi ( mcd ) to close ( and thus '' seal '' the locks of ) a number of illegal commercial establishments in delhi , india which are running in residential areas without authorization .
41	overloading a converter can result in several failure modes , some of them potentially dangerous in nature : overheating : continuous high levels of slippage may overwhelm the converter 's ability to dissipate heat , resulting in damage to the elastomer seal that retain fluid inside the converter .
5	the flexible nature of this seal allows pressure effects to cross the barrier but not the material being contained .
24	as of 2008 , the following sections remain fully in force : secure fencing and handrails for teagle openings and doorways ; water - seal gasholder .
20	a jug with a cork bung a bung , stopper or cork is a truncated cylindrical or conical closure to seal a container , such as a bottle , tube or barrel .
20	it is active in over 40 countries and describes its mission as the development of '' engineered polymer solutions that seal , damp and protect critical applications in demanding environments .
6	most are covered by a or seal on the outside for weatherproofing .
38	construction scuba diver with bifocal lenses in mask diving masks may have a single , durable , tempered glass plate in front of the eye and a '' skirt '' of rubber or silicone to create a watertight seal with the diver 's face .
15	the engineers had developed a good background in the metallurgy of housing , high speed seal , radial inflow turbines , and centrifugal compressor .
13	generally speaking , standard ball joints will outlive sealed ones because eventually the seal will break , causing the joint to dry out and rust .