3	device support for apple devices with the ios operating system version 1.1.3 or later , such as the ipod touch , iphone , and ipad , as well as some android devices , it is possible to provide a custom icon that users can display on their home screens using the web clip feature ( called add to home screen within mobile safari ) .
6	the most successful tablet is the apple ipad , using the ios operating system .
0	apple has been a notable example of using this strategy with its introduction of ipod personal music players , and ipad tablets .
13	in 2004 , microsoft created an msn music download store to compete with apple 's itunes music store , though its sales in comparison were negligible .
2	android and apple smartphones and tablet computers may be used as remote controls for google tv .
7	modern usage major computer manufacturers such as apple have begun to deprecate api that take local paths as parameters , in favor of using urls .
13	in 2012 , mixvibes expanded their cross software range to cover nearly all apple devices .
22	united states corporations that fall into the category of '' big business '' include exxonmobil , wal-mart , google , microsoft , apple , general electric , general motors , citigroup , goldman sachs and jpmorgan chase .
16	jeff barnes jeffrey '' jeff '' barnes is a member of the nerd herd specializing in apple products .
37	thus , matrix capital is not to be confused with ferri 's separate venture capital firm matrix partners , which has made early stage investments in young , private companies over the past 36 years that include apple , sandisk , gilt groupe , and others .
9	the skateboarding bulldog featured on youtube and in an apple iphone commercial was named after tillman .
8	on january 26 , 2009 , mtv and apple made all three collections available on the itunes store .
40	he won the 2009 presidents award for research at the hong kong polytechnic university awards sizechina won four major international design awards in 2008 : idea/businessweek gold medal - research category , idea/businessweek - best in show ( co-winner with apple iphone ) , fortune magazine ( china ) - china 's most successful design award , design for asia award - grand prize .
10	a company representative , at the 2007 premiere of the apple iphone , promised it '' will feel like minority report .
10	push notifications push notifications were first introduced to smartphones by apple with the advent of the iphone in 2007 .
13	from 1987 to 1991 , he worked in the business development group at apple .
9	the single was available at high-street stores hmv , apple itunes and amazon .
27	initially operating out of petschnigg 's apartment , they began work on their first product , paper , which launched in march 2012 and was chosen by apple as the ipad app of the year .
4	xgrid is developed by apple .
18	votes were cast by the general public via the official miss world mobile app which was available for apple and android with proceeds going to charity .
12	engage mobile solutions develops software for mobile devices , smartphones ( including apple ios devices and google android devices ) and wearable computing devices including google glass .
14	business career in january 2011 , tosi was offered the job of cfo at apple by steve jobs , but turned it down .
9	in 1998 , earthlink entered partnerships with sprint , apple , compusa , and other companies that helped it reach 1 million members by the end of the year .
18	the hickory area is additionally marketed as a data-center corridor and is home to large data-centers operated by apple and google .
26	following this , the lumia 920 would frequently be listed among the '' elite '' group smartphone during its time , otherwise populated by heavyweights from apple and samsung .
14	altivec is a floating point and integer simd instruction set designed and owned by apple , ibm and freescale semiconductor , formerly the semiconductor products sector of motorola , ( the aim alliance ) , and implemented on versions of the powerpc including motorola 's g4 , ibm 's g5 and power6 processors , and p.a . semi 's pwrficient pa6t .
4	in the 1990s , apple computers did not attract the same level of video game development as windows computers due to the high popularity of windows and , for 3d gaming , microsoft 's directx technology .
13	this is a list of popular games available and in development for the apple ios -- the primary operating system of the iphone , ipod touch and ipad .
6	the bump app debuted in the apple ios app store in march 2009 and was '' one of the apps that helped to define the iphone '' ( harry mccracken , technologizer ) .
31	appearance at shows recently , the companies or software products first given this nickname have set up a website and regularly schedule parties or meetups to coincide with events organised by apple such as macworld conference & expo or wwdc .
5	the end result included 2,000 apple trees and 1,000 kiwifruit plants in the ground in the villages of sermathang , ghangyul , tarkeyghang , and the ani gumba nunnery .
3	world 's rarest apple was discovered on bardsey island in 2000 .
5	jonagold is a cultivar of apple which was developed in 1953 in new york , a cross between the crisp golden delicious and the blush-crimson jonathan .
42	educational materials distinguishing green and blue only came into use after world war ii , during the occupation : thus , even though most japanese consider them to be green , the word ao is still used to describe certain vegetable , apple and vegetation .
22	his tenure was marked by significant investments in roads , irrigation works , rural electrification , as well as higher subsidies for apple and pear exporters .
12	agriculture , gardening and industry the main garden products are walnuts , apple , cherry , sour cherry and apricot .
15	it consists of two hollow parts : a handle and a top , the so-called apple .
9	the peninsula is also a productive fruit region growing apple and tart cherries .
11	as of 1953 , the town comprised about 300 acre of apple and peach orchards , a fruit packing warehouse , and a grocery store with a population of about 20 families living in azwell year-round .
2	fruits include apple , almond , pear , apricot , peach , pistachio , dates and grapes .
29	the ripe fruit are edible but may be fairly tart , and taste like a giant cranberry , though some species have fruity flavors with overtones of strawberry or apple .
17	glomerella cingulata is a plant pathogenic fungus that causes disease on many different hosts including quince and apple bitter rot and anthracnose on many fruit and vegetable species such as mango or cultivated plants like st. john 's wort ( hypericum perforatum ) .
7	auburn road also makes fruit wine from apple , blueberries , and peach advocacy , features , licensing , and associations auburn road is an advocate of the direct shipping of wine from wineries to customers .
17	it is commonly made from the fermentation of plum , but other fruits used include apricot , apple , pear , peach and cherries .
15	a good portion of the population is engaged in agriculture , especially fruits such as apple , pear , plum , strawberries , and raspberries on farms and gardens in the village .
19	c 5 h 11 ) is an ester used in dilute solution to replicate the scent or flavor of apple , and sometimes pineapple .
6	airheads pops are lollipop available in apple , blue raspberry , strawberry , cherry , watermelon , grape , strawberry kiwi and berry .
8	by 1895 , buzzard had planted a small apple orchard and was growing cabbages as well as potatoes .
9	common diprotic acids include malic acid , found in apple and cherries , and tartaric acid , found in grape and pineapple .
5	common fruit bouquet items include apple , artichoke , avocado , banana , cheese , grape , lychee , mango , orange , papaya , pineapple , pomegranate , strawberries , and chocolate .
11	some variations of this dish include a layer of fresh grated apple and some do n't .
18	in keeping with its name , ( literally apple-town ) elmalı produces 12 % of the turkey 's apple .
24	a commoner and more benign constituent of desfontainia , present in considerable quantity , is the pentacyclic triterpene acid ursolic acid , in which apple peel is particularly rich .
16	a freshening stream satisfied the water problem and irrigated a lush peach , pear , and apple orchard .
22	the higher than average number of days of sunshine make ideal conditions for the growing of tomato , sunflower , tobacco , apple and other fruit .
7	for example , among other goods an apple is a tangible object , while news belongs to an intangible class of goods and can be perceived only by means of an instrument such as print , broadcast or computer .
20	the fungus also attacks many other hosts such as cherry trees , most other prunus species , as well as apple , pear and walnut .
12	commercial use the song 's title comes from the norwegian word for apple .
20	washington roussanne is often blended with viognier and is characterized by its fruit salad profile of notes that range from apple , lime , peach and citrus to cream and honey .
9	cornelian cherries , figs , pear , peach and apple sold at a market in yerevan are among a few of armenian agricultural products fertile volcanic soils allow cultivation of wheat and barley , as well as pasturage for sheep , goat , and horse .