41	contemporaries called him brazen , spiteful and violent , and it is reported that once , in the course of a difference of opinion with his chancellor -- archbishop ratbod of trier , no less -- zwentibold beat him with a club .
30	kim and chae were forced to work for 14 hours a day ; if they did n't work well , they were beaten by an iron bar or an wooden club .
16	; epigonation / palitsa ( greek '' over the knee '' ; slavonic палица , '' club '' ) : a stiff diamond-shaped cloth that hangs on the right side of the body ; it is suspended by one corner from a strap drawn over the left shoulder .
10	the southern figure is dressed in ceremonial regalia with a club in his right hand .
8	the goedendag was essentially a combination of a club with a spear .
11	some of boötes 's stars were traditionally described as representing the club ( greek , κολλοροβος ) of boötes .
6	he wields a large , spiked club .
17	ubayid is lady zenadia 's personal armsmaster , who protects her estate and provides the vipers with club and other weapons at her behest .
37	these early april 1912 general elections were known infamously as the '' election of clubs '' ( ) after the beating of opposition ( freedom and accord ) candidates for the chamber of deputies with weapons like club and sticks as well being marred by electoral fraud and violence in favor of the cup .
5	glossary ; cobra : a club - like weapon made of steel with a bronze pyramid at the end .
34	form ` kataore ' , mere pounamu ( 42cm x 12cm ) maori chief holding a mere weapon ( 1860 -- 1879 ) the mere is a , leaf shape , form of short club .
9	his iconographic attributes are the lion skin and the club .
13	others such as california have general prohibitions against the carrying of all '' club '' weapons by non-law enforcement .
8	in the meantime , two men armed with club and net wait in the foyer to ensnare him , as three more men also watch from over the balcony .
6	his most prized possession is his club , and his solution to pretty much any problem is to bash it with it .
10	a mace is a blunt weapon , a type of club or virge that uses a heavy head on the end of a handle to deliver powerful blows .
26	they then use the tools to kill a leopard preying on them ; the next day , the main ape character , moon-watcher , uses a club to kill the leader of a rival tribe .
7	; ( ; , ) a twin club type armament used by louis xiv of hexagone francaise .
8	the symbols are a uatogi ( a war club , epitomizing the government 's power ) and a fue ( a fly-whisk , representing the wisdom of traditional samoan leaders ) .
16	in 1995 , white faced criminal charges of possessing deadly weapons , a knife and a club , distributing obscene material , and attempting to escape from police custody , arising out of the distribution of political leaflets .
12	however , some biologists suggest that the structure more closely resembles a club .
4	tipstaves ( the short club after which the office is named ) on display at bedford museum history crossed tipstaffs within a wreath - rank of police assistant chief constable or commander in the uk the office of the tipstaff is thought to have been created in the 14th century .
10	as sylvester prepares to knock the bulldog out with a club , the train heads into a tunnel , slamming sylvester in the face into the bridge above it .
20	it is forced wedding not unlike a shotgun wedding named after a knobstick , which is a type of wooden club .
11	after a fire erupts on the altar , nemis sees a club , he sees this as a sign from hera and asks who he needs to kill .
12	this stone has been used by the great basin tribes for war club and pipes that are jet black with a high gloss when polished .
21	as weapons , the zulu warrior carried the iklwa stabbing spear ( losing one could result in execution ) and a club or cudgel fashioned from dense hardwood known in zulu as the iwisa , usually called the knobkerrie in english , for beating an enemy in the manner of a mace .
13	in ukrainian language , a buława or bulava is a mace or a club , in both the military and ceremonial senses .
8	truncheons probably developed as a marriage between the club or military mace and the staff of office / sceptre .
4	the herkuleskeule ( hercules club ) is an important site in german-speaking political cabaret .
14	relatively unknown outside their home country , they have had international success with the club track , '' helium '' .
15	the song peaked at # 4 in the uk singles chart , and became a club favorite .
35	1991 's queer would be the band 's swansong , and was supported by various techno inspired singles under the moniker of ( in the uk ) to disguise the identity of the band to club djs .
16	she was born in skewen , wales , and spent seven years performing in pub and club around south wales before being signed to rca records in 1975 .
6	in 1970 , a local blues club opened and flynn was inspired by the music provided there by luther allison , johnny littlejohn and mighty joe young .
8	collaboration with martin 101 followed , then a club track with smokin ' jo and pete gleadhall ( pet shop boys ) called '' strip down ( nude ) '' , and several tracks fronting ichi ni san with harj and kriss darang .
4	kieran is primarily a club dj , making his name as the resident at shine in belfast and later playing at venues across the world .
23	the tour was divided into seven segments : check-in , mystic lounge , mystic garden , the onyx zone , security cameras , club and the encore .
14	e'voke were a british female vocal duo from the mid-1990s , who had several club and chart hits in the uk and are best known for their 1996 single '' arms of loren '' .
21	release the single release , as with all prior delerium single releases since '' silence '' , marketed the song for club play by commissioning remix ( as with previous singles ) , this time from gielen , who had remixed previous delerium songs as airscape , and satoshi tomiie .
19	cj bolland contributed a mix of '' in your blood '' on bford9 and '' fetish '' was a club hit in both the uk and the us .
9	it is a hip hop song with influences of club music , and is backed by a looped production containing elements of synthesizer and string instrument , and a repetitive bassline .
18	pete 's candy store pete 's candy store is a new york city performing space , bar and club located in the williamsburg section of brooklyn .
13	the album 's biggest hit single was '' oochie wally '' , a club anthem recorded by the bravehearts .
21	originally released in the united kingdom in 1986 on the bolts records label , '' male stripper '' was a big club hit throughout the autumn and peaked at no. 64 on the uk singles chart .
11	'' party 's just begun ( again ) '' was a club - only single released exclusively in the u.s. before the album 's availability in stores , and it was included on the soundtrack of the 1999 film brokedown palace .
20	singles in april 2006 , a remix of '' no hay igual '' featuring calle 13 was issued as a club single in the us .
6	after short stints playing in a club band and the blind joe mendlebaum blues band , he became the drummer for organist / vocalist lee michaels .
21	he was offered a recording contract with cobra records , but turned it down because he made more money with his club gig .
25	though '' take away '' was not a success on radio , '' 4 my people '' went on to become an american and european club hit due to a popular remix by house music duo basement jaxx in 2002 .
7	more recently , he managed a dance club in belgium .
1	a club version of the song was later released featuring eminem and mos def .
10	recording career solo after leaving high school and playing the club circuit around the new jersey , new york and pennsylvania areas with his brother albert ( a singer ) for most of the 1980s , greg howe officially began his solo career after sending a demo tape to shrapnel records in 1987 , upon which he was immediately signed by founder mike varney .
19	the dennisons advanced from learning the ravens ' chord patterns , to building a local reputation at the bicc club in melling , liverpool .
8	after a four year stint on philadelphia 's club circuit , they recruited a new lead vocalist , george williams in 1960 , and changed their name to the tymes .
4	'' and plenty of club tunes , expanding from the artist 's acid house roots into the pop and rock genres .
19	his first success was his remix of dj sakin 's '' protect your mind '' , which became a club track .
11	extras were used as background dancers to create a sort of club atmosphere .
15	he was the first latin artist to perform at the legendary new york city punk club cbgb in 1976 .
12	history dj-kicks started out in 1995 as a compilation of electronic dj club - style mixes in the techno or house genres , with the then-novel twist of being targeted to a home listening audience .
20	jockey slut was a british music magazine which ran between 1993 and 2004 , focusing mainly on dance music and club culture .
10	the park is the official ground for the association football club cwmfelin press a.f.c . the park also has a playplace where young children can play .
16	'' thus the academy abandoned hierarchic seventeenth-century precedents and was formed on the basis of a club .
8	functioning collegia could function as guild , social club , or burial societies ; in practice , in ancient rome , they sometimes became organized bodies of local businessmen and even criminals , who ran the mercantile/criminal activities in a given urban region , or rione .
37	el cielo is considered to be one of the newest best prolific bands in argentina , touring with huge bands like mancha de rolando and jovenes pordioseros , playing all along buenos aires in the most popular club and recording an album named punto final , which hit the radios with the song '' petalos de rosa '' .
43	blue has also appeared in mainstream productions such as the adult television show clothed female nude male and several episodes of the documentary series rated a for adult she has also been featured in several men 's magazines including cheri , hustler , club , and genesis .
17	chains were frequently decorated with a silver or enamel pendant , often carrying the arms of some club or society , which by association also became known as a fob .
10	a stock example is 倶楽部 ( kurabu ) for '' club '' , where the characters can be interpreted loosely in sequence as '' together '' , '' fun '' and '' place '' .
24	these include a coles supermarket , tavern , restaurant , general practitioner , dentist , bp service station , fire station , rugby union club , child care and several other businesses .
2	the current club structure was built in 1960 .
12	in order to pay the rental fees , cartwright organized a ball club so that he could collect the needed money .
14	she has lent her talent as singing and dancing in raising funds for the club of love for years .
33	all told , were acquired , and athletic fields , a bowling alley , chapel , firing range , gas station , gym , hobby shop , officers ' and enlisted men 's club , post exchange , post office , radio station , supply depot , and swimming pool were all built on the site .
9	grand army of the republic hall is a historic club building located at johnstown , cambria county , pennsylvania .
6	calorieking is an online weight loss club and software developer with a program centred on healthy eating and exercise ( '' calories in , calories out '' ) .
11	united north piha lifeguard service is a new zealand surf lifesaving club located on north piha beach on the west coast of auckland , new zealand .
7	fc dynamo makhachkala was a russia football club based in makhachkala .
8	esporte clube são martinho , is an amateur club of football , founded in 1939 , based in tatuí city , são paulo .
15	energy 92.7 & 101.1 knrj 's dance music product included house , trance , and club music , as well as remixes of pop and r&b hits .
5	most of the venues are club and discothèque .
21	linda now travels all over the nation and around the world for her performances making appearances in numerous casino venues , club venues and outdoor festival venues .
17	uniform the official historical uniform of gimnasia y esgrima is based on the colors displayed in the club shield , as established in the institutional statute , a white jersey with a single horizontal navy-blue stripe over the chest .
2	when a club ( such as band , theatre , or any sport ) from a junior high enters a competition , it is placed with other schools in that same ranking .
33	rucksack ( more commonly called a backpack in u.s. english ) schuss , literally : shot ( ski ) down a slope at high speed turner , a gymnast turnverein , a gymnastics club or society volksmarsch / volkssport / volkswanderung , non-competitive fitness walking other aspects of everyday life -- bahn as a suffix , e.g. infobahn , after autobahn blücher , a half-boot named after prussian field marshal gebhard leberecht von blücher ( 1742 -- 1819 ) ; also a hand in the british card game napoleon .
2	some lowrider club have weekly gatherings in the summer where owners of lowriders and friends will have a barbecue followed by cruising a popular drag ( or strip ) after dark .
17	the legal ombudsman can investigate complaints made by members of the public ( and small business , club and charities ) about the service they receive from lawyers working in england and wales .
5	she is in the drama club at her real world school , and she is often singing songs from rent .
28	it consists of an opening prologue describing the art of fencing followed by colored plates illustrating specific techniques for the longsword , dagger , pollaxe , spear and club .
50	in 1807 , gibraltar merchants had founded a library in bedlam court , as they were denied membership of the garrison library , it being available only to members of the british garrison in the city ( the garrison library functioned not only as a library , but as a club , owned and run by and for military officers ; civilians were excluded , regardless of their prominence ) .
41	major themes the place that dane visits in his dream or his supernatural and time-expanding experience , as james cleverly does n't specify seems a combination of retreat house , convent , country home , hotel , spa , resort and club .