35	'' however , the quality of the waves changes seasonally and from year to year , as the sand and stones that make up the beach are chronically withdrawn by the sea to form a bank where the waves break .
8	architect : henning larsen unibank was a danish bank , formed in 1990 by merging andelsbanken , sparekassen sds and privatbanken .
9	he became a legal advisor for a state owned bank .
11	banque de l'habitat 's headquarters banque de l'habitat is a state-controlled bank in tunisia .
22	boat quay is a historical quay in singapore which is situated upstream from the mouth of the singapore river on its southern bank .
26	anemone canadensis ( canada anemone , round-headed anemone , meadow anemone , crowfoot ) is a herbaceous perennial native to moist meadow , thicket , stream bank , and lake shore in north america , spreading rapidly by underground rhizome , valued for its white flower .
6	geography erhai , viewed from its bank erhai is situated at above sea level .
51	it now houses student and faculty dining facilities , food courts , deans' offices , the military science ( rotc ) department , the women 's center , the center for academic success , office of multicultural affairs , the rainbow room ( lgbt qia programs and outreach ) , a bank office , and conference facilities .
27	in 2003 , the government canceled a law that criminalized private sector use of foreign currencies , and in 2005 it issued legislation that allowed licensed private bank to sell specific amounts of foreign currency to syrian citizens under certain circumstances and to the private sector to finance imports .
11	registration and payment registration can be made for payment through local bank or the hongkong post .
9	globoko ob dravinji is a village on the left bank of the dravinja river in the municipality of poljčane in northeastern slovenia .
14	in a separate development , venetian merchants started using paper bills , instructing their bank to make payments .
23	left-bank ukraine left-bank ukraine ( ; ; ) is a historic name of the part of ukraine on the left ( east ) bank of the dnieper river , comprising the modern-day oblast of chernihiv , poltava and sumy as well as the eastern parts of kiev and cherkasy .
1	private bank and governments across the world followed gresham 's law : keeping the gold and silver they received , but paying out in notes .
10	after graduation , he joined the staff of interstate national bank in kansas city but soon returned to the south plains in 1948 to work at the pitchfork .
76	bridges there are several major bridges across the shing mun river : banyan bridge ( 翠榕橋 ) on fo tan road dragon bridge ( 錦龍橋 ) on sha tin road lion bridge ( 獅子橋 ) on lion rock tunnel road sandmartin bridge ( 沙燕橋 ) on sha tin rural committee road lek yuen bridge - a pedestrian bridge across the river channel pollution problem many buildings , including industrial and residential buildings , located at the bank of shing mun river .
23	leninsk ( ) is a town and the administrative center of leninsky district in volgograd oblast , russia , located on the left bank of the akhtuba river , east of volgograd , the administrative center of the oblast .
13	sungei serangoon , with rivervale neighborhood of sengkang new town on its west bank in the background .
22	such a trader first '' borrows '' shares of that stock from their owner ( the lender ) , typically via a bank or a prime broker under the condition that he will return it on demand .
14	the power station is located immediately downstream of the dam , on the left bank .
15	loan officers , also referred to as '' mortgage loan originators '' , work for bank and other financial institutions with the main objective to recommend individual and business loan applications for approval .
32	headquarters of eurohypo in eschborn building of the former preußische central-bodenkredit-ag , unter den linden 26 , in berlin-mitte hypothekenbank frankfurt ag , previously eurohypo ag , is a european real estate bank based in eschborn , frankfurt .
20	anastomosing channels are multithreaded , but are much more stable than braided channels and commonly have thick clay and silt bank and occur at lower gradients of stream bed .
12	fučkovci ( ) is a settlement on the terrace above the left bank of the kolpa river in the municipality of črnomelj in the white carniola area of southeastern slovenia , next to the border with croatia .
10	banque internationale du bénin ( b.i.b.e. ) is a national bank of benin .
11	cirsium vulgare as a weed c. vulgare , growing on the bank of the murrumbidgee river in wagga wagga , australia spear thistle is designated an '' injurious weed '' under the uk weeds act 1959 , and a noxious weed in australia and in nine us states .
6	this is a list of commercial bank in mauritius .
4	he is a former bank director and hospital board member .
19	organic matter can also enter the lotic system already in the fpom stage by wind , surface runoff , bank erosion , or groundwater .
11	tikitiki is a small town in waiapu valley on the north bank of the waiapu river in the gisborne region of the north island of new zealand .
16	noonday creek park is located between hawkins store road and shallowford road , along the eastern bank of noonday creek .
24	headquartered in rowland heights , california , with branch offices in arcadia , irvine , and san gabriel , california , this privately held bank was first established on october 13 , 2005 .
8	the wells fargo building is an office / bank building in englewood , colorado .
18	the suffix over - in the street names derives from the german word ufer , meaning shore or bank .
17	with tensions mounting between bangui and paris as a result of bokassa 's uncontrollable expenditures , western bank refused to lend him any more money .
34	avalon is a suburb of lower hutt in new zealand , formed as a private residential development in the 1970s on land formerly occupied by market - garden on the left ( eastern ) bank of the hutt river .
80	since 1995 , it has been planned that the ndp would be held there for every five years , the main venue for that major event is at marina bay floating stadium ( formerly at the old national stadium ) history in june 1819 , modern founder of singapore , thomas stamford raffles instructed the first resident of singapore , william farquhar , to reserve the whole space within the old lines and the singapore river ( i.e. the northern bank ) for public purposes .
9	the other-indemnity segment provides professional liability insurance to community bank , principally directors , and officers liability insurance .
12	he was the chairman of the board of directors of planter 's bank and trust company .
18	the house itself is a three - bay stone building , one-and-a-half stories tall , located on the bank of the licking river .
7	tarbell built his studio perched on the bank of the piscataqua river , ambling there each morning along gardens of peonies , iris and hollyhock .
21	in some countries , like switzerland and liechtenstein , bullion bars can be bought or sold over the counter at major bank .
12	( 9 october 1833 - 25 september 1903 ) was a german bank and industrialist .
18	united kingdom banking law refers to banking law in the united kingdom , to control the activities of bank .
4	vrhpolje is on the bank of the drina river .
4	roaring creek has unstable bank in many places .
12	it can often be located in forest clearing or verges , on bank or lakeshore , and on gentle slopes .
1	the bank is also a major participant in the securities market and the foreign currency market in kazakhstan .
0	bank ) is a kibbutz in northern israel .
34	the day of the press conference , john walsh stated that at the river either the men threw her into the water , or chiang attempted to escape but slipped on the icy river bank and drowned .
12	power station the polgolla barrage , as seen from the left - bank downriver .
28	while the country shifted toward a more market-oriented economy , the vietnamese government still continues to hold a tight rein over major state sectors , such as the bank system , state-owned enterprises and foreign trade .
21	right-bank ukraine ( ; ; ) is a historical name for a part of ukraine on the right ( west ) bank of the dnieper river , corresponding to the modern-day oblast of volyn , rivne , vinnytsia , zhytomyr , kirovohrad and kiev , as well as part of cherkasy and ternopil .
48	second term in the assembly he was elected again in 1864 as a national union candidate , to a district which now encompassed clark and jackson counties , succeeding calvin r. johnson ( also a national union candidate ) , and was assigned to the standing committee on bank and banking , and on school and university lands .
8	at the time , it sat on the bank of the singapore river , close to a small islet called pulau saigon .
21	also , lack of funds increases development risks and decreases the likelihood of attracting capital investors or securing loans from private bank .
8	their goal is to reduce damages that the bank are causing to the public by legislation .
8	its construction led to enormous debt to european bank , and caused popular discontent because of the onerous tax it required .
7	the road gradually turns east along the bank of the columbia river , exiting east wenatchee into farmland and passing pangborn memorial airport , the busiest section of the entire route with a daily average of 35,000 vehicles in 2011 .
26	in layman 's terms , this is when the seller in a transaction offers the buyer a loan rather than the buyer obtaining one from a bank .
1	uk bank do not traditionally play an important role as institutional investors , as they do for instance in germany .
11	riparian plants , such as populus fremontii , flank the creek bank .
8	the trail goes east and follows the southern bank of the tar river , then at the confluence of the tar river and green mill run , turns south and follows the western edge of the tributary .
11	houses built along the main road that leads to the river bank .
24	the first level of djim screening removes companies involved in such products alcohol , pork - related products , conventional financial services ( e.g. bank and insurance companies ) , entertainment ( e.g. hotel , casino , gambling etc. ) , tobacco , and weapon and defense .
33	after a second partial cloverleaf interchange with thompson avenue , sr 410 goes under a railroad trestle owned by bnsf railway and used by amtrak 's cascades rail service , near the northern bank of the puyallup river .
16	given then-standard banking criteria for mortgage-lending , black people usually did not qualify for mortgages from bank and savings and loan association ; instead , they recurred to land installment contracts at above market interest rates to buy a house -- a racist economic strategy eventually leading to foreclosure .
9	singapore 's first market was located at the south bank of the singapore river .
34	eternal university exists in a campus containing a university , a number of professional colleges , an international akal academy , a multi-specialty charitable hospital , a gurudwara , a post office , a bank , and a fuel station .
11	the bridge was repeatedly extended in this manner until the opposite bank was reached .
10	infrastructure in thaba-tseka , there are shopping facilities , a bank , a post office , various institutions of relief organizations , and a hospital .
14	the panic was followed by a five-year depression , characterized by ongoing failures of bank and financial institutions and record unemployment levels .
1	the bank is highly regarded internationally , and has received a number of awards , from organizations such as the banker , global finance , the asian banker and euromoney .
39	the afdb has specific mandates from the new partnership for africa 's development ( nepad ) and other international organizations to take the lead amongst financial and development institutions in areas such as infrastructure , regional integration , and bank and financial standards in africa .
13	the great fire of 1811 , which destroyed the buildings on the left bank of the tržiška bistrica river , changed the town .
9	during the year 1990 , ronnie leibowitz robbed 21 bank branches , mostly in the tel aviv area , by using a motorcycle ( an italian moto guzzi ) to enter and escape banks , and then hiding the motorcycle in a truck readied for that purpose in advance .
9	for example , if waves pass over a sloping bank which is shallower at one end than the other , then the shoaling effect will result in the waves slowing more at the shallow end .
12	during the black hills expedition , several wagons became stuck at a bank .
34	my laugh comes last book cover synopsis larry lucas is a small time worker , who is one day approached by a millionaire , farell brannigan , to assist him and start a new bank in town , which should be the safest in the world .
7	the kimitsu works sits on the north bank of the koito river where it empties in tokyo bay .
11	he has also led campaigns to reform insurers , politicians , bank , oil companies , and utilities .
17	there are three high school in kauguri , a number of kindergarten , as well as a bank , insurance agency , and travel agency .
20	construction causewayed enclosures are often located on hilltop sites , encircled by one to four concentric ditch with an internal bank .
14	history the mosque 's minaret was only added in 1985 situated on the southern bank of the singapore river , kampong malacca was designated for muslim by sir stamford raffles in his 1822 town plan .
45	at the junction , sr 109 curves north along the pacific ocean and passes ocean city , copalis beach , griffiths-priday state park , pacific beach and moclips before entering the quinault indian reservation and taholah to end at quinault street , located on the bank of the quinault river .
18	wild orangutans near bukit lawang jungle near bukit lawang bukit lawang is a small tourist village at the bank of bahorok river in north sumatra province of indonesia .
16	the other wing of the museum is located at the empress place building on the north bank of the singapore river .
26	it started in 1968 as the '' inter-bank computer bureau , '' intended to improve the existing clearing system by using electronic transfer of funds between bank , avoiding the need for paper documents .
11	he struggled to be given permission to miss work from his bank job to play in matches so was not played as often as he could have been .
8	midwest federal savings and loan was an american bank headquartered in minneapolis , minnesota .
27	in 1799 , however , berbice governor abraham jacob van imbijze van batenburg and suriname governor jurriaan françois de friderici signed an agreement in which the western bank of the courantyne river was demarcated as the boundary .
1	many bank started operating since 2002 , catering to the growing population of this suburb like sbi etc. are located here .