13	one of those who attended those early meetings was george blake , a mole in the british intelligence apparatus .
23	his recruitment to the svr appears to have occurred in the wake of a much publicized arrest of senior cia officer and moscow mole aldrich ames in february 1994 , which , in the words of cia veteran and author tennent bagley , had '' exposed extraordinary slackness of cia security procedures .
8	stone from kjerringberget was used to build a mole in korsvika .
8	the family remedey the sir remedey is a mole and one of the supporting characters in the series .
11	alternatively , in chemistry , it is also referred to one mole of substance , in which case it is called the molar entropy with a unit of .
34	he stated that he was recruited after compromising himself during a vulnerable time in his life , but did not specify why he was vulnerable or why he would risk his life as a mole for british intelligence ( sometimes referred to as '' tout '' ) in an area such as west belfast .
22	tracking the spy ring lonsdale visited the krogers regularly at their home in ruislip in 1959 the cia received letters from a mole , codenamed sniper ( who later turned out to be michael goleniewski ) .
27	the intelligence gathering for the operation began long before it was actually carried out ; according to one american official , colombia had managed to place a mole within the farc itself one year , if not more , before the operation .
58	for example , sushi in mexico is often made with a variety of sauces based on mango or tamarind , and very often served with serrano - chili-blended soy sauce , or complemented with vinegar , habanero and chipotle peppers the most internationally recognized dishes include chocolate , taco , quesadilla , enchilada , burrito , tamale and mole among others .
10	he is nicknamed topo - the spanish word for '' mole '' .
14	biography as a young student , winge was interested in small mammals , particularly mole , shrew and insectivora .
17	mona takes advantage of thumbelina 's gratitude and tries to force her into marrying the old mr. mole .
14	atp recycling the total quantity of atp in the human body is about 0.2 mole .
51	although it is traditionally used with black beans for flavor and its carminative properties ( less gas ) , it is also sometimes used to flavor other traditional mexican dishes as well : it can be used to season quesadilla and sope ( especially those containing huitlacoche ) , soups , mole de olla , tamale with cheese and chile , chilaquiles , eggs and potatoes and enchilada .
2	the word mole , according to gorin , was introduced into chemistry around 1900 by ostwald .
4	alcoholic fermentation converts one mole of sucrose into four moles of ethanol and four moles of carbon dioxide , producing two moles of atp in the process .
6	the player gets to control a mole which digs through dirt collecting various fruits and vegetables .
39	when the heat of fusion is referenced to a unit of mass , it is usually called the specific heat of fusion , while the molar heat of fusion refers to the enthalpy change per amount of substance in mole .
5	drilbur , known as the mole pokémon , burrows underground at more than 50 km/h .
42	all three included a road connection to tyssøy , with the bridge proposals costing for the tyssøy connection , and the tunnel having a cost of , in part because the earthworks volume from the tunnel could be used to build a mole with a short bridge .
1	this mole lives in an underground tunnel system , which it constantly extends .
9	some examples of the typical food are pozole , mole and barbacoa mass with .
14	in 1865 , johann josef loschmidt determined the exact number of molecules in a mole , later named avogadro 's number .
8	he is recalled to hunt down a soviet mole in the '' circus '' , the highest echelon of the british secret intelligence service .
17	it was connected to the nearly island of pomègues , which runs roughly parallel , by a mole constructed in 1822 to create a port area .
11	during warrick 's investigation , rumors began that gedda had a mole in the lvpd .
13	many of the troops were able to embark from the harbor 's protective mole onto 39 british destroyer and other large ships , while others had to wade out from the beaches , waiting for hours in the shoulder-deep water .
11	this answers better to its present condition ; for though a mole was constructed in the 15th century with the materials of the ancient amphitheatre , and another subsequently by an englishman named john smith , it still affords but little protection for shipping .
27	a tiendas de chocolate mill in oaxaca , where customers can have roasted cocoa beans and spices ground for chocolate , or roasted chili pepper ground for mole .
41	the inner harbor was begun in 1518 by khair-ad-din barbarossa ( see history , below ) , who , to accommodated his pirate vessels , caused the island on which was fort penon to be connected with the mainland by a mole .
21	the word derives from the french noun taupe , which in turn is from the latin talpa , both meaning '' mole '' ( the mammal ) .
7	however , peterson reveals himself as a mole for the defense department and tries to stop mulder from uploading the virus .
24	on 22/23 april 1918 , captain carpenter was in command of vindictive which was to land a force of 200 royal marines on the mole at zeebrugge at the start of the zeebrugge raid .
18	however , this slug does have some natural predators , including the hedgehog , badger , shrew , mole , mouse , frog , toad , snake , carnivorous beetle , and some bird .
76	there are colonies of herons and cormorants ( including pygmy cormorant ) , and other species include white-tailed eagle , buzzards , eurasian sparrowhawk , common spoonbill , western marsh harrier , montagu 's harrier , red-breasted goose , ferruginous duck , osprey , wild goose , stork , heron , woodcock etc. variety of mammals include wild hog , roe deer , red fox , european brown hare , muskrat , bat , hedgehog , mole , weasel , hamster , european ground squirrel , european polecat , etc. nature reserve special nature reserve of stari begej-carska bara was proclaimed in 1955 , with status being revised in 1995 .
24	housemates a total of fourteen housemates entered the house on day 1 , thirteen official housemates plus a sub-official housemate acting as a '' mole '' in a task to become the fourteenth official housemate .
19	molestache yuri lowenthal - ben 10 : omniverse ( in '' outbreak '' ) molestache ( a play on mole and moustache ) is an orange mole-like alien with an english accent and a yellow moustache that can be used in a variety of ways that include serving as an extra set of hands .
4	digger digger is a mole who joins pocky 's team to avoid losing face in front of his friends .
8	soricomorphs the order soricomorpha includes the shrew and mole as well as two families known only from the greater antilles and surrounding islands .
9	map location : this beach is just inside the mole which shields the river entrance and the port area of portimão , and runs north to the forte de são joão do arade .
32	some items typical of latin american cuisine include maize - based dishes ( tortilla , tamale , pupusa ) and various salsas and other condiments ( guacamole , pico de gallo , mole ) .
10	the canadian government continues to insist that there was no mole involved .
55	for example , if two systems of ideal gases are in equilibrium , then p 1 v 1 / n 1 = p 2 v 2 / n 2 where p i is the pressure in the i th system , v i is the volume , and n i is the amount ( in mole , or simply the number of atoms ) of gas .
6	when the ship neared the zeebrugge mole she cast the two ferries aside .
15	he became particularly noted for his inventive trees of life , diversifying themes to include mole , other religious stories and festivals such as day of the dead .
14	she was given a secret mission to tell the housemates that there was a mole among them when in reality , there actually was not .
16	the most common fillings are pork and chicken , in either red or green salsa or mole .
72	for example , lithium dissolves in liquid ammonia to give a solution of lithium amide : self-dissociation like water , ammonia undergoes molecular autoionisation to form its acid and base conjugates : at standard pressure and temperature , k = ( ) ( ) = 10 combustion the combustion of ammonia to nitrogen and water is exothermic : the standard enthalpy change of combustion , δ h ° c , expressed per mole of ammonia and with condensation of the water formed , is − 382.81 kj/mol .
19	it replaced the national counterintelligence center , which was created in 1994 in response to the arrest of cia mole aldrich ames .
18	dundas took naiad in and anchored at 1330 that afternoon , while the belleisle was warped into the mole .
0	mole , gophers , mice , rat and even shrew have similar characteristics and behavioral tendencies .
21	so the specific heat of a classical solid is always 3k per atom , or in chemistry units , 3r per mole of atoms .
16	it is defined as one kilocalorie of energy ( 1000 thermochemical gram calorie ) per one mole of substance , that is , per avogadro’s number of particles .
11	in queen sacrifice , it was revealed that she is a mole reporting to those responsible for the blackout .
26	double agents some people listed here are not true double agents ( as defined above ) , but rather ( single ) agents working as a mole within an intelligence organization .
22	in the 1950s the town became popular as a beach resort and a rural life village due to the construction of a mole , to inhibit the spread of tidal sands into the mouth of the otago harbour and was surveyed and amalgamated as a suburb of port chalmers borough .
44	in luo guanzhong 's historical novel romance of the three kingdoms , ju shou advised yuan shao to kill liu bei ( who was with yuan at the time to avoid cao cao ) since it is highly likely liu was acting as a mole for cao cao as liu bei 's general guan yu slew yan liang and wen chou .
20	karla refused these advances and eventually returned to favor in the ussr , masterminding the witchcraft/source merlin operations supporting the mole gerald in the circus .
9	wilhelm ostwald ( 1853 -- 1932 ) defines the mole , he received the nobel prize for chemistry ( 1909 ) .
16	moving wire irms is quite sensitive , and samples containing as little as 1 nano - mole of carbon can yield precise ( within 1 ‰ ) results .
11	it was claimed at the time , by a then-unidentified bbc mole , that ross earned # 530,000 ( equivalent to # 10,000 per show ) per year for hosting his radio 2 show .
3	food and drink mole is a typical dish from the area of oaxaca and puebla .
19	after the war he provided intelligence to the british , but they released him suspecting he was a soviet mole .
32	a general principle of thermodynamics that governs the transfer of substances through membranes and other surfaces is that the exchange of free energy , δ g , for the transport of a mole of a substance of concentration c 1 in a compartment to another compartment where it is present at c 2 is : where c 2 is less than c 1 δ g is negative , and the process is thermodynamically favorable .
8	red foxes seem to dislike the taste of mole , but will nonetheless catch them alive and present them to their kits as playthings .
10	he first built his own harbor alongside and constructed a mole from which he deployed a floating spiked boom but demetrius never succeeded in taking the harbor .
8	where the two streets meet there is a mole used by local fishing boats ( and for car parking ) .
26	inscription reads : to the glory of god and in memory of these three officers and one mechanic of the royal navy who fell on the mole at zeebrugge on st george 's day 1918 and have no known grave wing commander brock f. a. o.b.e. lieutenant commander harrison a. l . v.c. lieutenant hawkins c.e.v. mechanic second class f/50269 rouse j. wing commander frank arthur brock ( 29 june 1888 -- 23 april 1918 ) was a british officer of the royal air force who devised and executed the smoke screen used during the zeebrugge raid on 23 april 1918 , in the british royal navy 's attempt to neutralize the key belgian port of bruges-zeebrugge during the first world war .
14	the fur is waterproof , and the texture is akin to that of a mole .
20	it is one of the dishes most commonly served during taquizas ( taco parties ) , together with tinga , mole , chicharrón , and papas con chorizo .
6	the feet can be seasoned with mole sauce .
4	she passed the outer mole at 18 : 24 and capsized about four minutes later .
7	food such as cake , chicken with mole , hot chocolate , coffee , and atole are served .
14	the place was defended by two batteries mounting three heavy guns each on the mole , a tower with one gun and a battery with two guns .
8	rené la taupe ( english : rené the mole ) is a virtual singing character created in 2009 by fox mobile group studios .
13	the metre , kilogram , second , ampere , kelvin , candela and mole were defined as base units in this system and units formed from combinations of these base units were known as '' derived units '' .
31	in the latter configuration , the two methyls are said to be in a gauche relationship , and the relative potential energy of each methyl-methyl gauche interaction is 0.9 kilocalorie per mole ( 4 kj / mol ) .
18	fox , opossum , raccoon , and bear eat waste beaver destroy trees gopher , groundhog , and mole destroy lawn feral cat and feral dog eat human food and carry disease white-tailed deer are now seen as pests in many suburb and exurban areas of the us , though not in more rural areas .
6	to find the enthalpy change per mole of a substance a in a reaction between two substances a and b , the substances are added to a calorimeter and the initial and final temperature ( before the reaction started and after it has finished ) are noted .
11	two aspects which feature prominently on altars in this state are mole with turkey and large wax candles .
12	the tyrians used the fire ship in attempt to destroy alexander 's mole .
19	the ground cocoa is also an important ingredient in tejate and a number of savory foods , such as mole .
6	each hole contains a single plastic mole and the machinery necessary to move it up and down .
7	it was revealed that she was a mole in ncis who accessed joint chiefs ' strategic battle plan in the middle east .
12	breaking one of atp 's phosphorus bonds generates approximately 30.5 kilojoule per mole of atp ( 7.3 kcal ) .
53	the ccu proposed to in addition to the speed of light , define four constants of nature -- planck 's constant , an elementary charge , boltzmann constant and avogadro constant -- to have exact values retire the international prototype kilogram revise the current definitions of the kilogram , ampere , kelvin and mole to make use of the above four constants of nature tighten the wording of the definitions of all the base units the cipm meeting of october 2010 found that '' the conditions set by the general conference at its 23rd meeting have not yet been fully met .
23	food and festivals dishes of the area include mixiote , tlacoyo with fava beans , pinto beans and requeson , cecina , green mole with chicken or pork , and pork in chile mulato but a very local specialty is tamal with capulin ( a type of cherry ) and corn .
34	in addition to houses , some of which are decorated with mosaics and wallpaintings , a number of public buildings have come to light , such as those in the agora and the harbor mole .
9	the intelligence provided by the informant reveals that a mole with access to the president 's security detail had provided information to the assassins .
29	a mixture of methyl isocyanate and two moles of hydrogen chloride is formed , but n-methylcarbamoyl chloride ( mcc ) forms as the mixture is condensed , leaving one mole of hydrogen chloride as a gas .
17	the afr in mass units is employed in fuel oil fired furnaces , while volume ( or mole ) units are used for natural gas fired furnaces .
15	the modern port started its operations in 1854 during the british raj , when a mole was constructed to connect city to the harbor .
19	the enthalpy of sublimation , or heat of sublimation , is defined as the heat required to sublime one mole of the substance at a given combination of temperature and pressure , usually standard temperature and pressure ( stp ) .
26	in physics and chemistry , the faraday constant , denoted by the symbol and named after michael faraday , is the magnitude of electric charge per mole of electron .
11	the most important example of this connection is the use of mole for special occasions and holidays , particularly in the south and center regions of the country .
9	local specialties here include ningüijute , a seed-based pork mole , chispola , a beef and vegetable stew and pictes , a sweet corn tamale .
24	the magnitude of the current ( in ampere ) and the duration of the current ( second ) can be used to determine the mole of the unknown species in solution .
15	nemo can ride certain animals such as a frog , a gorilla , or a mole , by feeding them candy .
14	etymology the genus name talpanas is taken from the latin word talpa , meaning mole and referring to the small size of the eyes , and the greek word anas , or duck .
5	eileen roberts , a female mole who works at a local coffee shop , previously alongside margaret smith , has strong feelings for rigby and makes this very obvious .
4	as big brother 's mole , she was not eligible to win .
18	serum vitamin b 12 tests results are in pg/ml ( picograms / millilitre ) or pmol/l ( pico mole / litre ) .
64	neighborhood celebrations are held in cuernavaca , mostly for patron saints , they include 15 may , the feast of san isidro labrador ; 13 june , the feast of san antonio in the neighborhood of san antón , with aztec dances ; 6 august , the feast of the savior or the transfiguration in ocotepec , featuring the moors and christians dance , mole , and pulque ; 10 august the feast of san lorenzo in chamilpa ; 15 august , the festival of the assumption of mary in santa maría ahuacatilán ; and 8 september , festival of nuestra señora de los milagros in tlaltenango .
14	zizrar ( voiced by scott mcneil ) - zizrar is the king of the mole people who lives underground and often attempts to take over the world only to fail due to his intense aversion to light .
10	the islands of pomègues and ratonneau are connected by a mole built in 1822 .
14	usually they are served with patties of dried shrimp , and potatoes in a mole sauce .
4	the electric charge per mole of electrons is a constant called the faraday constant and had been known since 1834 when michael faraday published his works on electrolysis .
25	common recipes for the iguana include stews ( guisado ) , pozole , birria , roasted in taco and flauta , roasted and finished with mole , and even sauteed with almonds .
15	it also contains food stands which sell local and regional specialties such as barbacoa , mole , quelites ( a name for various types of edible greens ) , and dishes which contains local specialty ingredients such as wild mushrooms , escamoles , maguey flowers , ant eggs and '' cupiches '' ( a kind of butterfly larvae ) .
5	when they arrive at the mole there , soldiers begin scrambling onto the boat , but michael must dive underwater to free the propeller from a corpse which has become entangled with it .
26	the site the site of alsium is clearly fixed by the distance from porto , at the modern village of palo , with a fort and mole of the 17th century , in the construction of which many ancient materials have been used .
11	philip meets claudia where she tells him that there is a mole working for the fbi .
6	kanya , who is akkarat 's mole , discovers the new plague and sets about trying to contain it .
14	sex between adults and juveniles it has also been recorded that certain species of mole will impregnate newborns of their own species .
25	the main villains of the show are the power-hungry police chief pamela bondani , who wants to become the town 's mayor , and her mole assistant professor molo .
19	molar volume taking stp to be 101.325 kpa and 273.15 k , we can find the volume of one mole of a gas : for 100.00 kpa and 273.15 k , the molar volume of an ideal gas is 22.712 dm 3 mol − 1 .
4	as an ingredient in mole dishes , they are known in spanish as pipián .
27	'' jailhouse roc : a giant flying vulture who had been in jail since the late 1950s until released to work for a.c.r.o.s.t.i.c. digger o'doom : a mole who gains tremendous strength after eating one of rodney 's carrots .
30	the first class , the beasts , in the biblical parlance , includes all large , walking animals , with the exception of the amphibia , such small animals as mole , mice and the like , and humans as they were not classified as animals .
7	when the russians occupied trabzon , a mole was built .
7	completing the soricomorpha are two species of mole .
13	traditionally , these two families were grouped with the hedgehog , shrew and mole in the lipotyphla .
35	the first cruise ship was the sunward in 1969 , which docked at the navy 's pier in the truman annex or the privately owned pier b. the navy 's pier is called the navy mole .
6	it was stated explicitly that a mole with the gia terrorists informed the french , but not algerian , authorities that the intention was to use the aircraft as a missile to attack paris .
8	it is the heat required to break one mole of molecules into their individual atoms .
23	formed from '' mojado '' ( wet or dripping ) probably referring to the mint leaves in the well known cuba drink ; mole : from spanish , from nahuatl molle or molli ( '' sauce '' ) ; montana : from montaña , a mountain ; mosquito : from mosquito , literally '' little fly '' ; mulatto : from spanish or portuguese mulato meaning '' octoroon , sambo '' .
9	on 1 march 1917 an fl-boat hit the nieuwpoort mole and on 28 october 1917 one hit the royal navy monitor erebus .
12	topics are usually covered earlier than normal ; for example , the mole is introduced in year 1 rather than in year 3 , some kinematics in year 1 instead of year 5 , and molecular biology and genetics in year 4 instead of year 6 .
16	at the municipal market , foods such as mixiote , barbacoa , consume and turkey in mole can be found as well as pulque .
22	the other australians were assigned to the boiler rooms of the blockship , or as part of a storming party along the mole .
10	the relationship of the changes in amount ( of which mole is a unit ) , represented as n ( ∆ ) , between the species is given by stoichiometry as follows : which , when rearranged for ∆ a and ∆ b yields : 2 .
20	in gager is the only harbor on the bay , used by fishing and sports boats and protected by a mole .
28	at 25 ° c δ g in kj · mol − 1 = 5.708 p k a ( 1 kj · mol − 1 = 1000 joule per mole ) .
26	castle abducts duka , who fearfully gives up information about the saints -- whom he , too , hates , and so willingly becomes castle 's mole .
28	baranov had been recruited by the u.s. central intelligence agency ( cia ) and agreed to spy for them , but was betrayed to the russians by a mole in either the federal bureau of investigation ( fbi ) or the cia and spent five years in prison before being released .
12	the most historic achievement of these marines was the capture of the mole during the assault on gibraltar ( sailors of the royal navy captured the rock itself ) and the subsequent defense of the fortress alongside the dutch marines in 1704 .
16	he was given the name moleman by groening , who thought the character looked like a mole .
13	during this and other festival typical dishes of the area include corunda , mole , barbacoa and '' guenches '' which is a larvae found on strawberry trees .
34	madame xanadu retorts that she does n't need to see the future to know that the justice league will defeat him , to which he replies that he already won since he has a mole in the justice league .
17	taupe the color taupe is a representation of the average color of the fur of the french mole .
12	hogan eventually turned zodiac against his stablemates by revealing him as a mole .
5	dunkerque was tied alongside the mole with her stern facing the sea , so she could not return fire .
49	a typical tape measure with both metric and us units and two us pennies for comparison standardization of measurement units measurements are most commonly made in the si system , which contains seven fundamental units : kilogram , metre , candela , second , ampere , kelvin , and mole .
10	an undercover cia operative is accused of being a russian mole , and has to go on the run to defend himself .
13	ratzi investigates another of the suicides , that of professor tope ( a mole ) , pioneer of automaton engineering .
21	in aztec times , two or three corn tortillas would be eaten with each meal , either plain or dipped in mole or a chili pepper and water sauce .
10	the activation energy for this reaction is about 40kcal per mole .
9	he listed several species of the family talpidae ( mole and related species ) from vieux collonges , including '' espèce c '' ( '' species c '' ) , which he named as a new genus and species , veratalpa lugdunensiana , in a footnote .
8	the torpedoes fired at the budapest struck the mole of the seaplane station , but wien was hit twice and capsized in five minutes , killing 46 of the crew .
31	solid state synthesis in the solid state reaction method bismuth oxide ( bi 2 o 3 ) and iron oxide ( fe 2 o 3 ) in a 1 : 1 mole ratio are mixed with a mortar , or by ball milling and then fired at elevated temperatures .
15	grant bristow ( born february 1958 , winnipeg , manitoba , canada ) was a mole for the canadian security intelligence service ( csis ) working inside the heritage front for six years , who was exposed by toronto sun reporter bill dunphy in august 1994 ( several months after ending his work ) .
12	an east german , constantine vishnevsky , has offered information regarding a mole within mi6 , in exchange for safe passage for himself and his family to the west .
0	mole ( ) is a mexican sauce made from chili peppers mixed with spices , unsweetened chocolate , almond , and other ingredients .
28	the ferries had a shallow draft , allowing them to skim over the mines floating beneath the surface , and were robust enough to approach the heavily defended mole curling into the north sea .
22	he would join the vichy regime 's prisoner of war aid society , the rassemblement national prisonniers de guerre , as a mole on behalf of the french resistance ; he was involved in the escape of general henri giraud .
2	' ; mole : from mōlli , '' sauce '' ; nopal : from nohpalli , '' prickly pear cactus '' ; ocelot : from ocēlōtl ; peyote : from peyōtl .
38	specific heat specific heat , also called specific heat capacity , is defined as the amount of energy that has to be transferred to or from one unit of mass ( kilogram ) or amount of substance ( mole ) to change the system temperature by one degree .
7	c-mole is an abbreviation for a carbon mole .
43	some known dishes alegría , a candy made from puffed amaranth and boiled-down honey or maguey sap , in ancient times formed into the shapes of aztec gods balché , mayan fermented honey drink champurrado , a chocolate drink chili guacamole huarache mezcal mole pejelagarto , a fish with an alligator-like head seasoned with the amashito chile and lime pozole pulque or octli , an alcoholic beverage of fermented maguey juice salsa taco tamale tepache , pineapple beer tlacoyo ( gordita ) corn tortilla pupusa , thick cornmeal flatbread from the pipil culture of el salvador xocolātl native american cuisine of south america roast guinea pig ( cuy ) ceviche cheese-filled arepa chipa , cheese bread andean cultures this currently includes recipes known from the quechua , aymara and nazca of the andes .
17	on the run from the authorities after his intervention in the miners ' strike , monty the mole must escape from his house and head for the english channel and freedom in europe .
17	it is not impossible , in principle , for all 6 × 10 23 atoms in a mole of a gas to spontaneously migrate to one half of a container ; it is only fantastically unlikely -- so unlikely that no macroscopic violation of the second law has ever been observed .
27	the key system transit company established its own ferry service in 1903 between the ferry building in san francisco and its own pier and wharf ( '' mole '' ) on the oakland shoreline , located just south of what is today the eastern approach to the san francisco – oakland bay bridge .
32	on its saints day , the town of otumba lays out a carpet of flower petals on the atrium of the church along with decorative floral portals , dances , barbacoa and mole .
21	system details the initial connection across the bay to san francisco was by ferryboat via a causeway and pier ( '' mole '' ) , extending from the end of yerba buena avenue in oakland , california westward 16,000 feet ( 4,900 m ) to a ferry terminal near yerba buena island .
24	it is a functions of the temperature t , the volume v and the amounts of chemical components n j ( usually measured in mole ) , n is the vector with components n j .
4	anarchy - an anthropomorphic mole .
10	some of the traditional foods here include several types of mole ( negro , rojo , amarillo , coloradito and more ) , chichilo , tasajo , tamales in banana leaves and tacos with chapulines ( fried grasshoppers ) .
34	an estimated 1,000 flak guns of all calibres protected the base and adding complication to the danger was the realisation that gneisenau was only about 500 yd ( 460 m ) from a harbor mole , requiring extremely accurate torpedo drops .
13	mexican mulato chiles are part of the famous '' trinity '' used in mole , as well as other mexican sauces and stews .
5	if one targets a 12 mole ethoxylate with a conventional alkaline earth hydroxide , one could expect to get a broad range of ethoxylates with n being anywhere from 3 to 30 moles of eo .
19	despite its outward similarity to muskrat ( a rodent ) , the russian desman is actually part of the mole family talpidae in the order soricomorpha .
7	150 m ( 492 ft ) long mole or jetty of stones that is still visible at low tide ( ) , an alamat or navigational landmark made of heaped stones , a strange building of unknown function that is divided into 13 long rooms , and a series of 25 to 30 storage galleries carved into limestone outcrops further inland .
18	a regularly used toilet area or dunghill , created by many mammals , such as the hyrax or mole is also called a midden .
8	the typical food of santo tomas is turkey mole and tamale , which are served in family gatherings , weddings and quinceañera .
21	in toluca the most famous dish is chorizo , a regional sausage made of ground pork and tomato sauce , pumpkin mole , pipian and other ingredients such as salt , pepper , white wine , almonds , potatoes , vinegar , garlic and chile .
31	in 332 bc when alexander the great founded the city of alexandria on an isthmus opposite to pharos , he caused the island to be united to the coast by a mole more than three-quarters of a mile long ( 1260 m/4 ,100 + feet ) called the heptastadion ( '' seven stadia '' -- a stadium was a greek unit of length measuring approximately 180 m ) .
7	the new fort was constructed as a mole linked to the mainland by a wooden bridge .
23	one of the most significant deep eutectic phenomenon was observed for a mixture of choline chloride and urea in a 1 : 2 mole ratio , respectively .
41	i , ii mammal ; ; insectivore erinaceus europaeus praeglacialis brunner ( preglaciation european hedgehog ) sorex minutus linnaeus ( eurasian pygmy shrew ) sorex runtonensis ( hinton ) pachyura etrusca ( savi ) talpa minuta freudenberg ( a genus of mole ) the skull of petralona .
0	mole itself is a mexican sauce made from chocolate that is nearly black in color , an image that jourgensen believes represents crude oil .
31	philby , when he was posted in the british embassy in washington , dc , after the war , learned that us and british intelligence were searching for a british embassy mole ( cryptonym homer ) who was passing information to the soviet union , relying on material uncovered by venona .
12	in his own words : he is made of '' chile , mole and pasilla pepper '' ( ) .
22	exmouth decided to assign them to cover the main force from algerian flanking batteries , as there was insufficient space in the mole for the dutch frigates .
38	after gibbs notices footage of an unconscious ziva on the news following an explosion where she was working , it is soon revealed that vance had deliberately sent ziva back to israel in order to help uncover a mole within ncis itself .
25	the smaller breakwater was built as part of the preparations for the visit of the rms mauretania and is sometimes known as the '' mauretania mole '' .
19	penetration by the kgb these successes were marred , however , by the penetration of asio by a kgb mole in the 1970s .
2	is a mole zoanthrope and a self-styled master of the traditional ninja arts .
25	conversion factor between atomic mass units and grams the standard scientific unit used to quantify the amount of a substance in macroscopic quantities is the mole ( symbol : mol ) , which is defined arbitrarily as the amount of a substance which has as many atoms or molecules as there are atoms in 12 grams of the carbon isotope c-12 .
42	of course , from the above relationships , for solids one writes for pure homogeneous chemical compound with established molecular or molar mass or a molar quantity is established , heat capacity as an intensive property can be expressed on a per mole basis instead of a per mass basis by the following equations analogous to the per mass equations : where n is the number of moles in the body or thermodynamic system .
16	on september 1 , 2006 a special operation named '' operação facção toupeira '' ( operation mole faction ) was started , leading the police to arrest 43 people suspect of involvement on the heist including one of the alleged masterminds , and recovering r$ 275,100 in cash .
22	other common dishes include soups made with local mushrooms , preserved fruits and bread made with pulque , corundas , turkey in mole , pickled nopal and a sweet bread called pan de pucha .
5	green or red salsa or mole is poured over the crisp tortilla triangles , called totopo .
3	he was a mole in the kgb , spying for the federal bureau of investigation in the 1970s and 1980s before being caught and imprisoned .
10	the lighthouse established permanent service from 1906 ; after the mole 's foundations had settled a temporary lighting arrangement there was discharged .
38	when the tortilla-like base is cooked and charred where the dough hits the hot metal of the grill , chewy as a medium-well steak , it is then topped with black beans , salsa , shredded cabbage , mole negro , guacamole and cheese .
30	kelly was subsequently called before the foreign affairs select committee whose conclusion was that kelly was being used as a scapegoat and that he had not been gilligan 's key mole .
11	a shooting spree ensues and the gang realizes rod is a mole , forcing him to drive away at gunpoint .
11	some common noble species in redwall include mice , otter , mole , hare , squirrel , hedgehog , shrew , bird , vole , and badger , while common vermin include rat , fox , weasel , ferret , raven , snake , stoat , ermine , sable , wildcat , magpie , rook , and crow .
2	moe the mole - pops up from time to time as a segue between scenes , usually laughing at a comedic situation with a laugh similar to woody woodpecker 's , although he knows when to keep his laughter under control , especially with situations involving crocodiles .
16	while negotiating , the ottoman commander ordered the angora to position itself near the harbor 's mole .
14	part of the wharf was filled in between 1879 and 1882 , creating a mole .
19	mexican cuisine features sauces which may contain chocolate , seeds , and chiles collectively known by the nahua name mole ( compare guacamole ) .
7	he was able to place a '' mole '' on the humphrey campaign press plane ; the agent sent back almost daily reports on off-the-record or unreported comments made by the democratic candidate and his staff , and evaluations of their morale .
7	typical foods include mixiotes , barbacoa , mole with turkey , tocatlán style chicken along with crystallized fruit and a dessert item called '' muégano .
35	in 1992 , it was revealed by reporter normand lester that morin had been on the payroll of the royal canadian mounted police ( rcmp ) from 1974 to 1977 as a sort of '' mole '' within the pq .
10	in the summer of 1548 , the french observed the mole was provided with a flanker and cannon ; the english insisted it was merely to protect the workmen .
13	it is recommended by méxico desconocido magazine for oaxacan regional dishes such as mole , tasajo , tlayudas , pan de yema ( a type of egg bread ) , chapulines ( fried grasshoppers in chile ) , oaxaca cheese ( known locally as '' quesillo '' ) , queso fresco ( lit .
30	he founded a special camp outside moscow ( towards kiev ) and trained a selection of handpicked men ( usually ex-military officers ) to act as handlers of his various mole .
5	his animal representation is a mole , and his climate is the tropical rainforest .
19	they bring 12 turkeys , pan de yema , chocolate , clayudas , and ingredients to make the traditional mole dish as offerings .
23	he participated in the famous raid on zeebrugge led by commodore roger keyes , cmbs being used to lay smoke screens outside the mole to cover the escape of the crews of the blockships .
10	it is believed that the worm thinks there is a mole nearby and the worm escapes by going to the surface .
34	in the episode , suave yet rude and belligerent spy sterling archer , prompted by questions regarding his expense account , breaks into the mainframe computer of his organization isis and inadvertently discovers a mole in the organization .
31	one u is defined as the amount of the enzyme that produces a certain amount of enzymatic activity , that is , the amount that catalyzes the conversion of 1 micro mole of substrate per minute .
36	while ice cream and ices are made in other parts of the state , these stand out because of the many unusual flavors offered such as beer , pulque , chile relleno , even shrimp and mole .
12	among the contestants is one person who has been designated '' the mole '' by the producers and is tasked with sabotaging the group 's money-making efforts .
106	following are some foods and the amount of magnesium in them : black-eyed peas ( 1/2 cup ) = 45 mg buckwheat flour ( 100g ( 4 oz ) ) = 250 mg halibut ( 100g ( 4 oz ) ) = 107 mg milk : low fat ( 1 cup ) = 40 mg oats ( 100g ( 4 oz ) ) = 235 mg peanut butter ( 2 tablespoons ) = 50 mg spinach ( 1/2 cup ) = 80 mg wholemeal bread ( 1 slice ) = 25 mg biological chemistry mg 2 + is the fourth-most-abundant metal ion in cells ( per mole ) and the most abundant free divalent cation -- as a result , it is deeply and intrinsically woven into cellular metabolism .
15	as an example , in microscopic physics , to describe a system consisting of a mole of carbon-12 atoms we need of the order of 10 23 ( avogadro 's number ) variables , while to describe it as a macroscopic system ( 12 grams of carbon-12 ) we only need a few .
16	ten months after chan 's death lau kin-ming ( andy lau ) , hon 's former mole in the hong kong police force , has been demoted to administrative duty pending an investigation into the deaths of chan and inspector b. he falsely claims that b shot chan in the head while holding him hostage , and that he killed b in retaliation .
5	the area adjacent to the mole is also a source of recreational and research opportunities , with dive sites at the wrecks of sunken ships .
15	in humans , approximately 60 percent of the energy released from the hydrolysis of one mole of atp produces metabolic heat rather than fuel the actual reactions taking place .
11	examples of these foods include tamale , tortilla , tostadas , mole , menudo , pozole , sopes , chile relleno and enchilada .
41	metres above the adriatic ( , , ) is the mean sea level datum used in austria and some other central and southeast europe countries to measure elevation referring to the average water level of the adriatic sea at the sartorio mole in trieste .
23	eventually he must solve a more complicated problem when he finds himself in a women 's prison , evading execution and a possible mole .
13	before venturing into the caverns , charlie needs to search for a lunar mole on the moon 's surface .
6	motya falls beginning of the motya mole connecting the city to the mainland .
13	it is not unheard of for mexican americans to serve their turkey with mole and roasted corn .
91	abundant and all-year-long running streams as well as rich vegetation enable well-matched conditions for the habitat of fauna such as deer ( cervidae ) , roe deer ( capreolus capreolus ) , wild boar ( sus scrofa ) , grey wolf ( canis lupus ) , brown bear ( ursus arctos ) , red fox ( vulpes vulpes ) , wildcat ( felis silvestris ) , lynx , european pine marten ( martes martes ) , beech marten ( martes foina ) , weasel , rabbit , squirrel , hedgehog , mole , bat , european badger ( meles meles ) and european otter ( lutra lutra ) .
9	the fraction of guanine + cytosine pairs is 65 mole percent .
9	the name is derived from the japanese word for mole .
25	according to david wise of the washingtonian , shriver was the first case where china tried to recruit an american to set up as a mole within the cia , although the method has been attempted by other countries .
33	he fears that this will be his doom , but it turns out that this sound is coming from bells on the lead of a shrew who from this is attached to a mole .
10	the most common are food items such as plates of mole , tamale , sweets , fruit , hot chocolate , atole , tequila , mezcal and beer .
29	two of three blockships were scuttled in the narrowest part of the bruges canal and one of two submarines rammed the viaduct , which linked the shore and the mole , to isolate the german garrison .
5	the synonymous bengal , a mole in the cincinnati bengals organization who calls in to provide anonymous rumors about the team using frequent malapropism .
2	suspecting a mole due to the loss of several soviet agents that year , hathaway launched an investigation which culminated in the exposure in 1994 of aldrich ames , several years after hathaway 's retirement .
2	in one mole of any element there are atoms ( avogadro 's constant ) .
11	eating out : the highlights of their food jocoque , the mole , tacos , gorditas , birria , and barbecued meat in marinade ; their desserts , capirotada and cajeta ; their beverages atole , mezcal , pulque , ponche and wine .
14	for the fuel carrying salts , generally 1 % or 2 % ( by mole ) of uf 4 is added .
15	it was not long before a shot from terrible hit a magazine on the imperial mole , which exploded causing great damage .
33	snake ( several taxa including colubrid and viper ) turtle ( four taxa including box turtle , snapping turtle , slider turtle , and painted turtle ) mammals shrew ( several taxa ) mole small weasel arctomeles dimolodontus ( prehistoric badger ) new species pristinailurus bristoli ( prehistoric red panda ) new species short-faced bear of the genus plionarctos saber-toothed cat are represented by a single part of a tooth , possibly from machairodus .
18	this area , called the '' rock creek basin '' by the canal company , which included a mole , causeway , and waste weir was completed in 1831 .
28	'' she is stopped just after this and goes on to read fox 's closing remarks from the day before which refer to him washing and drying a mole in front of a fire before returning the creature to its '' chamber with his weight of grubs .
5	cuisine regional cuisine consists of mole accompanied with white rice , beef stew , pork liver with scrambled egg ( for breakfast ) and typical drinks as chocolate , chocolate atole , tejate , and mescal .
3	traditional dishes include mole , corunda , tamale , uchepo , esquites , along with silversides fish from the lake prepared in various ways .
9	among the mammals are the dormouse , weasel , mole , badger , marten , fox and wild boar ( whose presence is resented for damage to crops ) .
8	traditional foods of the municipality include carnitas , mole , barbacoa and tamale filled with beans .
9	avogadro constant , a chemical concept relating to the mole , discovered by amedeo avogadro .
9	he besieged the port of bononia , building a mole across the harbor mouth to prevent the rebels from escaping by sea and ensure they could not receive maritime aid , and invaded batavia in the rhine delta , securing his rear against carausius 's frankish allies .
15	the molar heat capacity is the heat capacity per unit amount ( si unit : mole ) of a pure substance and the specific heat capacity , often simply called specific heat , is the heat capacity per unit mass of a material .
3	field mice , mole , ground squirrel , rabbit , raccoon , opossum , skunk , badger , coyote , bobcat and many more rely on the habitat supported by the lake for their survival .
9	unbeknownst to the prison authorities smith was actually a mole for the imprisoned ulster volunteer force ( uvf ) leader gusty spence , passing on information about the conditions in which the internees were being held .
12	rima 's task was to tell the housemates that there was a mole when there was not .
49	most ofrendas contain three levels or tiers : on the topmost tier are placed photographs of the deceased and/or images of various saints which are positioned in a retablo which forms the back of the altar ; on the second tier are placed food items including such things as mole , candy , pan dulce , and especially a sweetbread called pan de muerto , as well as bottles or poured shot glasses of tequila or mezcal ; on the bottom-most tier are placed item such as lit candles , a washbasin , mirror , soap , and a towel so that the supposed spirit of the deceased see themselves and can refresh themselves upon arrival at the altar .
13	; 1865 : johann josef loschmidt determines exact number of molecules in a mole , later named avogadro 's number .