15	jubei collects an assortment of short and long-range weapons throughout the game , including a bow and a matchlock rifle .
21	each member in the party is specialized in one of the five weapon groups and they are sword , sabre , bow , axe and spear .
52	motive force projectile and cartridge case for the massive world war ii german 80cm schwerer gustav railway gun arrow , darts , spear , and similar weapons are fired using pure mechanical force applied by another object ; apart from throwing without tools , mechanisms include the catapult , slingshot , and bow .
30	the jo , like its larger sibling the bō ( long staff ) , was never an effective weapon on the battlefield in comparison to the sword , spear and bow just to name a few .
20	a popular ecotourism destination in the area is cabo de la vela missionary history wayuus carrying a rifle and traditional bow and arrow .
1	the bow and arrow appeared as the main technological advancement .
42	genu varum ( also called bow-leggedness , bandiness , bandy-leg , and tibia vara ) , is a physical deformity marked by ( outward ) bowing of the leg in relation to the thigh , giving the appearance of an archer 's bow .
8	besides inscriptions armors of deceased person sculptures -- bow , arrow , sword , shield , quiver and others were also portrayed on .
8	trade with peoples to the southwest brought the bow and arrow an increase in the hierarchical structuring of their societies began during this period , although it is not clear whether it was internally developed or borrowed from the hopewell .
10	analysis the work portrays the two men holding each a bow , while the shotgun was the more popular choice of weapon at the time .
5	a fighter equipped with a bow or a magician with spells can attack from a distance .
24	tigranes also possessed several thousand cataphract , formidable heavily armored cavalry that were clad in mail armor and armed with lances , spear or bow .
45	after rescuing danny , miles resolved to defeat monroe once and for all when he realized that the various pendants rachel and ben invented can grant monroe massive firepower ( including nuclear capability ) against countless people who are reduced to fighting with sword and bow and arrow after the blackout .
43	the player moves the remote in a manner similar to the method the separate games are played in real life ; for example , swinging the wii remote to replicate hammer throw or pulling back the remote and tilting the nunchuk like a bow and arrow .
3	he holds a bow in one hand and perhaps a goblet in the other .
19	in the mesolithic age , antler and animal skull were used for jewelry and burial sites , and the bow began common and hunt for all game types begun .
18	ted and fred , having previously filled the casket with gasoline , start shooting fiery arrows from a bow at the casket .
80	players in gears can only carry four different weapons , with the exception of the fourth game , allowing two weapon slots one grenade slot , which may be filled with grenades , one pistol-type weapon , up to four grenades of a specific type ( fragmentation , smoke , ink and incendiary ) and two other weapons , which include , but are not limited to , assault rifles , a sniper rifle , grenade launchers and an explosive bow .
3	sharnga is the bow of the hindu god vishnu .
44	gunpowder , known here as the magical substance smoke powder and different in its composition from historical gunpowder , is starting to make an appearance , but much of the armament is still dominated by pre-gunpowder weaponry such as sword , spear , and bow .
39	the idol has an old fashioned shaping , i.e. , the face cutting is of a longish pattern ; it has large eyes spread up to the ears and the four hands display conch , discus , shaft and bow respectively .
17	the crews of the beached vessels were soon harassed by a small force of scots armed with bow .
21	with the adequate hardware , a throw line , an attached weight , and a launching system ( e.g. , a bow or slingshot ) , a climbing rope can be anchored to a branch very high in the tree .
3	aila uses a bow as her weapon and bears a shield rune and an earth rune .
6	'' the addition qeshet means '' bow , arch '' and refers to a method of '' always striking with an arched limb in a looping , elliptical , or circular manner '' .
13	he is represented as a young and handsome wing man who wields a bow and arrow .
22	the game follows a rock-paper-scissors mechanism in which axe beat lance , lances beat sword , and swords beat axes ; the bow in the game is not a part of any weapon triangle , but is especially effective against flying units .
9	in europe , the spearthrower was supplemented by the bow and arrow , in the epi-paleolithic .
7	muruga rides a peacock and wields a bow in battle .
13	by the mesolithic , hunting strategies had diversified with the development of the bow 18,000 years ago and the domestication of the dog about 15,000 years ago .
6	e49 now lies down with her bow blown off .
27	she operated at efate for the next 11 months , temporarily deploying to espiritu santo from 24 july 1943 to 4 august 1943 to fashion a temporary bow for the torpedo light cruiser .
25	the resulting shape of the submerged part of the hull in this condition usually creates a force ( a turning moment ) that pushes the bow to weather so that it is necessary to pull the tiller to weather to counteract this force .
9	fifteen minutes after hitting the mine , swerve s bow was up with the stern resting on the bottom .
43	the base was also home to the only soviet aircraft carrier shore-based landing , trainer and test site , the nazyemniy ispitateiniy treynirovochniy kompleks aviatsii ( nitka ) , with arresting gear and a ski-jump ramp that was a full-sized replica of the bow of the admiral kuznetsov .
8	it was designed with low-sides and a high bow to fight the choppy waves .
41	naus and square-rigged caravels in the 4th portuguese india armada of 1502 ( livro de lisuarte de abreu ) the squared-rigged caravel possessed aftercastle and forecastle , unlike the lateen caravel , which could not have any structure erected on the bow of the ship , because of the maneuver of the foremast .
25	each time the refrain is sung , one more character 's tag line is added : uhura : '' there 's klingons on the starboard bow .
15	they were equipped with four 18 inch ( 460 mm ) torpedo tubes at the bow , two on either beam and another pair in a swivel mounting on the superstructure for night use .
13	the main armament consisted of one breech-loading 320-mm canet gun mounted in the bow of the ship ( in the stern in the case of matsushima ) , which could fire 450-kg armor-piercing or 350-kg explosive shells at an effective range of 8000 meters .
14	in cinema , the submarine is easily identifiable by the enormous drill on its bow ; it is also notable for being able to burrow underground and fly .
9	single screw propulsion , a cutaway forefoot under the bow , and rounded bilges facilitated ice-breaking .
34	wounded sailors from express are transferred to kelvin whilst heading for this german force the flotilla ran into a newly laid , uncharted minefield and express was badly damaged , losing most of her bow .
7	this put the ship right across the bow of the submarine , which fired three torpedoes .
12	the keel runs in the middle of the ship , from the bow to the stern , and serves as a basic foundation or spine of the structure , providing the major source of structural strength of the hull .
4	the armor extended from bow to stern , and descended at the sides to below her waterline , with a thickness of over her critical systems and ammunition magazines .
1	the bow , curiously , remained above water for several hours .
1	the bow post distinguishes the caïque from other mediterranean working boats .
14	when at anchor or alongside , it is flown from the jackstaff at the bow of the ship .
16	in a three-masted , square-sail carrying ship , the masts , given their standard names in bow to stern ( front to back ) order , are : sprit topmast : a small mast set on the end of the bowsprit ( discontinued after the early 18th century ) ; not usually counted as a mast , however , when identifying a ship as '' two masted '' or '' three masted '' fore-mast : the first actual mast , or the mast fore of the main-mast sections : fore-mast lower -- fore topmast -- fore topgallant mast main-mast : the tallest mast , usually located near the center of the ship sections : main-mast lower -- main topmast -- main topgallant mast -- royal mast ( if fitted ) mizzen-mast : the third mast , or the mast immediately aft of the main-mast .
42	stormy weather in the bay of biscay in 1900 caused the captain of gaulois to complain that the ship 's forward gun turret and casemate were flooded out and that the ship generated enormous sheets of spray when water came over the bow .
14	she rode out a fierce storm on 5 and 6 june that wrenched the bow off the cruiser pittsburgh .
15	in attempting to avoid a salvo from glasgow , cabot crossed andrew doria ' s bow , forcing biddle 's brig onto a port tack which avoided collision but took her away from the action .
24	the simple metal pier represents the stern at the water 's edge , a simple cylinder frame is the smoke stack , and the bow is made of prefabricated parts similar to those assembled by the shipyard workers .
13	hydrodynamics hydrodynamics concerns the flow of water around the ship 's hull , bow , stern and over bodies such as propeller blades or rudder , or through thruster tunnels .
28	crossing the t , employed by horatio nelson , entailed cutting across the enemy 's line of battle to enable broadside to be fired through the enemy 's bow or stern along the whole length of the ship , with every shot likely to cause the maximum carnage .
9	diving planes are usually fitted in pairs , the bow planes at the front of the submarine and the stern planes at the rear .
24	proa characteristics the defining feature of the proa is that the vessel '' shunts '' when it changes tacks ; the stern becomes the bow and vice versa .
9	loaded down with eight cords of wood on her bow , she began to founder .
30	a cape island style fishing boat is an inshore motor fishing boat found across atlantic canada having a single keel flat bottom at the stern and more rounded towards the bow .
7	the violinist produces sound by drawing a bow across one or more strings ( which may be stopped by the fingers of the other hand to produce a full range of pitches ) , by plucking the strings ( with either hand ) , or by a variety of other techniques .
8	uitti invented a radically extended technique using two bow simultaneously in one hand - being the first to transform the cello into a 4 part chordal instrument .
41	a maximum of four of these are strung over the fret , while the rest are strung lengthwise down the sides of the neck and are strummed with the fingers in accompaniment to the primary melody which is played with a bow .
28	it is similar in size to the latter instrument and likewise has six or seven strings of gut , arranged over a fret fingerboard and played with a bow .
25	public image chang plays the 1717 guarneri del gesù violin , which she received through the late isaac stern , and uses a variety of bow : pajeot for mozart and bach ; sartory for '' the big-whammy concertos , the tchaikovsky and sibelius '' ; and two dominique peccattes for other music .
10	this was sometimes the concertmaster , who could use his bow as a baton , or a lute who would move the neck of his instrument in time with the beat .
29	in italian it is called either manico or tasto , the latter especially in the phrase sul tasto , a direction for bowed string instruments to play with the bow above the fingerboard .
59	to produce an artificial harmonic , a stringed instrument player holds down a note on the neck with one finger of the non-dominant hand ( thereby shortening the vibrational length of the string ) and uses another finger to lightly touch a point on the string that is an integer divisor of its vibrational length , and plucks or bow the side of the string that is closer to the bridge .
7	horsehair is used for brush , the bow of musical instruments and many other things .
6	but with its scythes , or bow ( for a violin ) , it could most likely be instrument - designed , like its pre-evolution , kricketot .
15	most bowed string instruments use a visibly curved fingerboard , nut and bridge to provide bow clearance for each individual string .
8	some eubs can not be used with a bow because of the large radius of the fingerboard and the flatness of the bridge .
43	traditional instruments from altay include : amirgi-marok : a wind instrument used to coax deer adishi-marok : a wind instrument made of birch bark ikili : a stringed instrument with a long neck and strings made from animal sinew and played with a bow komus : a jaw harp made of wood traditionally , though now more frequently metal shagay : a wind instrument made from the bones of a sheep shagur : a wind instrument made of wood with holes on the side shatra : a rattle shoor : a long wind instrument , similar to a flute .
26	after the release of ágætis byrjun , the band became well known for jónsi 's signature style of reverb accentuated guitar work using a cello 's bow .
1	a bow is pulled over the string/s ( made of horsetail ) , creating a dramatic and sharp sound , expressive and difficult to master .
24	while the dilruba has more sympathetic strings and a differently shaped body than the esraj , they both have four main strings which are bow .
17	william lewis & son was a distinguished chicago - based music store that specialized in violins and bow .
1	the bow is drawn horizontally across the strings .
23	charles claude husson - ( b. 1847 ) in mirecourt ( vosges ) ( d. 1915 ) was an influential french archetier / bow maker .
36	bows heads of three violin bows : ( upper ) transitional ( f. tourte ) , swan-bill head of a long 18th-century model , pike-head of a 17th-century model a violin is usually played using a bow consisting of a stick with a ribbon of horsehair strung between the tip and frog ( or nut , or heel ) at opposite ends .
11	with this technique more pressure than usual is needed on the bow , so this can not be practiced in softer passages .
27	pop mašina had an attractive on-stage appearance : božinović was one of the first former yugoslav guitarists that played long guitar solos , played guitar with a bow and behind his back .
29	besson ( brass instrument ) buffet crampon ( woodwind ) karl höfner ( stringed instruments and guitar ) julius keilwerth ( saxophone ) roderich paesold ( stringed instruments and bow ) rico international ( reed and accessories ) w. schreiber & söhne ( woodwinds ) jakob winter ( cases ) as of 2006 , their holdings had been acquired by various other owners .
11	it is bowed with either a notched stick or a horsehair bow .
4	the eeng is a bow string instrument .
20	changes by august bohlin ( 1877 -- 1949 ) in 1929/1930 made the nyckelharpa a chromatic instrument with a straight bow , making it a more violin - like and no longer a bourdon instrument .
43	for example , instruments such as keyboard and percussion require the player to swing the controllers as if striking drums ; and some string instrument such as the violin and the guitar are played by moving the wii remote as if drawing a bow or strum the strings , while the nunchuk is held as if the gripping the instrument 's neck and fingerboard .
5	amber frog on a violin bow , made by keith peck in 1996/97 .
1	the bow consists of a stick with many hairs stretched between its ends .
22	frank served in the army during world war ii and then began his career in san francisco crafting and restoring violin and bow , a job he kept for 51 years until he was forced to retire in 1999 due to illness .