15	loan officers , also referred to as '' mortgage loan originators '' , work for bank and other financial institutions with the main objective to recommend individual and business loan applications for approval .
20	construction causewayed enclosures are often located on hilltop sites , encircled by one to four concentric ditch with an internal bank .
48	second term in the assembly he was elected again in 1864 as a national union candidate , to a district which now encompassed clark and jackson counties , succeeding calvin r. johnson ( also a national union candidate ) , and was assigned to the standing committee on bank and banking , and on school and university lands .
11	banque de l'habitat 's headquarters banque de l'habitat is a state-controlled bank in tunisia .
34	eternal university exists in a campus containing a university , a number of professional colleges , an international akal academy , a multi-specialty charitable hospital , a gurudwara , a post office , a bank , and a fuel station .
22	such a trader first '' borrows '' shares of that stock from their owner ( the lender ) , typically via a bank or a prime broker under the condition that he will return it on demand .
32	headquarters of eurohypo in eschborn building of the former preußische central-bodenkredit-ag , unter den linden 26 , in berlin-mitte hypothekenbank frankfurt ag , previously eurohypo ag , is a european real estate bank based in eschborn , frankfurt .
8	architect : henning larsen unibank was a danish bank , formed in 1990 by merging andelsbanken , sparekassen sds and privatbanken .
14	in a separate development , venetian merchants started using paper bills , instructing their bank to make payments .
24	headquartered in rowland heights , california , with branch offices in arcadia , irvine , and san gabriel , california , this privately held bank was first established on october 13 , 2005 .
23	real time gross settlement systems ( rtgs ) are specialist funds transfer systems where transfer of money or securities takes place from one bank to another on a '' real time '' and on '' gross '' basis .
18	the house itself is a three - bay stone building , one-and-a-half stories tall , located on the bank of the licking river .
1	the bank is also a major participant in the securities market and the foreign currency market in kazakhstan .
1	private bank and governments across the world followed gresham 's law : keeping the gold and silver they received , but paying out in notes .
34	my laugh comes last book cover synopsis larry lucas is a small time worker , who is one day approached by a millionaire , farell brannigan , to assist him and start a new bank in town , which should be the safest in the world .
21	in some countries , like switzerland and liechtenstein , bullion bars can be bought or sold over the counter at major bank .
8	the wells fargo building is an office / bank building in englewood , colorado .
26	it started in 1968 as the '' inter-bank computer bureau , '' intended to improve the existing clearing system by using electronic transfer of funds between bank , avoiding the need for paper documents .
39	the afdb has specific mandates from the new partnership for africa 's development ( nepad ) and other international organizations to take the lead amongst financial and development institutions in areas such as infrastructure , regional integration , and bank and financial standards in africa .
36	examples some examples of passive income are : any type of property income earnings from a business that does not require direct involvement from the owner or merchant ; rent from property ; interest from a bank account royalties from publishing a book or from licensing a patent or other form of intellectual property , such as computer software product ; earnings from internet advertisements on websites ; dividend and interest income from owning securities , such as stock and bonds , is usually referred to as portfolio income , which may or may not be considered a form of passive income .
4	lenders , such as bank and credit card companies , use credit scores to evaluate the potential risk posed by lending money to consumers and to mitigate losses due to bad debt .
17	there are three high school in kauguri , a number of kindergarten , as well as a bank , insurance agency , and travel agency .
28	while the country shifted toward a more market-oriented economy , the vietnamese government still continues to hold a tight rein over major state sectors , such as the bank system , state-owned enterprises and foreign trade .
1	uk bank do not traditionally play an important role as institutional investors , as they do for instance in germany .
9	the other-indemnity segment provides professional liability insurance to community bank , principally directors , and officers liability insurance .
11	he has also led campaigns to reform insurers , politicians , bank , oil companies , and utilities .
1	the bank is highly regarded internationally , and has received a number of awards , from organizations such as the banker , global finance , the asian banker and euromoney .
21	also , lack of funds increases development risks and decreases the likelihood of attracting capital investors or securing loans from private bank .
11	he struggled to be given permission to miss work from his bank job to play in matches so was not played as often as he could have been .
2	terminal processing bank or agents connected to terminal processing of leader system can accept payments for various providers .
10	after graduation , he joined the staff of interstate national bank in kansas city but soon returned to the south plains in 1948 to work at the pitchfork .
10	infrastructure in thaba-tseka , there are shopping facilities , a bank , a post office , various institutions of relief organizations , and a hospital .
11	registration and payment registration can be made for payment through local bank or the hongkong post .
27	in 2003 , the government canceled a law that criminalized private sector use of foreign currencies , and in 2005 it issued legislation that allowed licensed private bank to sell specific amounts of foreign currency to syrian citizens under certain circumstances and to the private sector to finance imports .
26	in layman 's terms , this is when the seller in a transaction offers the buyer a loan rather than the buyer obtaining one from a bank .
1	many bank started operating since 2002 , catering to the growing population of this suburb like sbi etc. are located here .
6	ever since the glass–steagall act , bank and insurance businesses had been kept separate .
9	during the year 1990 , ronnie leibowitz robbed 21 bank branches , mostly in the tel aviv area , by using a motorcycle ( an italian moto guzzi ) to enter and escape banks , and then hiding the motorcycle in a truck readied for that purpose in advance .
24	the first level of djim screening removes companies involved in such products alcohol , pork - related products , conventional financial services ( e.g. bank and insurance companies ) , entertainment ( e.g. hotel , casino , gambling etc. ) , tobacco , and weapon and defense .
4	he is a former bank director and hospital board member .
16	given then-standard banking criteria for mortgage-lending , black people usually did not qualify for mortgages from bank and savings and loan association ; instead , they recurred to land installment contracts at above market interest rates to buy a house -- a racist economic strategy eventually leading to foreclosure .
7	history josiah l. maxey , a gardiner bank who had recently financed construction of the kennebec central railroad , obtained legislative approval for consolidation of the sandy river railroad and rangeley railroad ( p & r ) on 10 march 1891 .
12	( 9 october 1833 - 25 september 1903 ) was a german bank and industrialist .
14	the panic was followed by a five-year depression , characterized by ongoing failures of bank and financial institutions and record unemployment levels .
51	it now houses student and faculty dining facilities , food courts , deans' offices , the military science ( rotc ) department , the women 's center , the center for academic success , office of multicultural affairs , the rainbow room ( lgbt qia programs and outreach ) , a bank office , and conference facilities .
18	united kingdom banking law refers to banking law in the united kingdom , to control the activities of bank .
10	banque internationale du bénin ( b.i.b.e. ) is a national bank of benin .
8	its construction led to enormous debt to european bank , and caused popular discontent because of the onerous tax it required .
8	their goal is to reduce damages that the bank are causing to the public by legislation .
12	he was the chairman of the board of directors of planter 's bank and trust company .
6	this is a list of commercial bank in mauritius .
9	he became a legal advisor for a state owned bank .
10	roman influences may be found around us today , in bank , government buildings , great houses , and even small houses , perhaps in the form of a porch with doric columns and a pediment or in a fireplace or a mosaic shower floor copied from an original in pompeii or herculaneum .
15	it includes business , the former south omaha city hall , a correctional facility , bank , a post office , profession office , and specialty stores .
8	the trail goes east and follows the southern bank of the tar river , then at the confluence of the tar river and green mill run , turns south and follows the western edge of the tributary .
17	with tensions mounting between bangui and paris as a result of bokassa 's uncontrollable expenditures , western bank refused to lend him any more money .
8	midwest federal savings and loan was an american bank headquartered in minneapolis , minnesota .