21	uses nautical during the 18th century , a warning shot ( in nautical terms , often called a shot across the bow ) could be fired towards any ship whose '' colours '' ( nationality ) had to be ascertained .
26	after a section where the melody is accompanied quietly with fast running notes , it returns as a series of chords , alternately played with the bow and plucked .
3	aila uses a bow as her weapon and bears a shield rune and an earth rune .
5	a woman figure with a bow -- the tellervo of astuva -- a rarity among the rock paintings .
8	the kyl kyyak is played vertically with a bow and can be played on horse .
19	lemonwood , purpleheart and hickory longbow , 20.4 kgf ( ) draw weight a longbow is a type of bow that is tall -- roughly equal to the height of the person who uses it ; this will allow its user a fairly long draw , at least to the jaw .
5	the damage to ariel s bow was so serious that she had to be towed into port .
22	viol technique ganassi 's regola rubertina is among the earliest sources of advice to the viol player on how to hold the bow .
35	it is a wide zither with strings made of twisted silk , played by means of a slender stick made of forsythia wood , which is scraped against the strings in the manner of a bow .
21	with the adequate hardware , a throw line , an attached weight , and a launching system ( e.g. , a bow or slingshot ) , a climbing rope can be anchored to a branch very high in the tree .
11	he supports the shield with his right hand and holds a bow over his left shoulder .
7	muruga rides a peacock and wields a bow in battle .
34	wounded sailors from express are transferred to kelvin whilst heading for this german force the flotilla ran into a newly laid , uncharted minefield and express was badly damaged , losing most of her bow .
36	bows heads of three violin bows : ( upper ) transitional ( f. tourte ) , swan-bill head of a long 18th-century model , pike-head of a 17th-century model a violin is usually played using a bow consisting of a stick with a ribbon of horsehair strung between the tip and frog ( or nut , or heel ) at opposite ends .
15	most bowed string instruments use a visibly curved fingerboard , nut and bridge to provide bow clearance for each individual string .
9	isaiah recalls their warrior activities and skill with the bow .
9	in august 1996 haynie lost two violins and a bow , when a lightning-induced fire burnt tim austin 's doobie shea studios to the ground .
12	some impersonal examples of relative direction in language are the nautical terms bow , aft , port , and starboard .
17	to combat german e-boat , a qf 6-pounder gun was mounted at the very tip of the bow in 1944 .
34	is italian for crossbow , and it is likely that the balestra crest of a crossbow lent its name to the adjacent alley '' via dell ` archetto '' ( archetto being italian for bow ) .
29	besson ( brass instrument ) buffet crampon ( woodwind ) karl höfner ( stringed instruments and guitar ) julius keilwerth ( saxophone ) roderich paesold ( stringed instruments and bow ) rico international ( reed and accessories ) w. schreiber & söhne ( woodwinds ) jakob winter ( cases ) as of 2006 , their holdings had been acquired by various other owners .
23	charles claude husson - ( b. 1847 ) in mirecourt ( vosges ) ( d. 1915 ) was an influential french archetier / bow maker .
1	the bow appears in the upper paleolithic and is likewise only gradually replaced by the crossbow , and eventually firearm , in the common era .
12	history simple non-coiled springs were used throughout human history e.g. , the bow ( and arrow ) .
6	the stern lies opposite of the bow , the foremost part of a ship .
11	it was a round - bilge keel ship with a round bow and stern , the latter relatively high , and with a gallery .
1	the bow is drawn horizontally across the strings .
2	l. breshnev bow .
11	the ramps and doors may be stern - only , or bow and stern for quick loading .
4	the saxons historically used bow ( to a limited extent ) and spear instead of crossbows during the period .
10	the design came with a ram attached to the reinforced bow , which was standard practice for the time .
5	it is played with a bow and has between three and thirty strings depending on the region .
17	with the increasing wealth from mining , mercenary knights were recruited to complement noble cavalry armed with bow and lance .
1	the bow was the most widely used weapon of the persians .
10	the force of the impact blew off of her forward bow and forecastle .
4	the eeng is a bow string instrument .
10	analysis the work portrays the two men holding each a bow , while the shotgun was the more popular choice of weapon at the time .
13	replacement by the arrow in europe , the atlatl was supplemented by the bow and arrow in the epi-paleolithic .
6	phoenix had six tubes in the bow and two tubes at the stern .
43	traditional instruments from altay include : amirgi-marok : a wind instrument used to coax deer adishi-marok : a wind instrument made of birch bark ikili : a stringed instrument with a long neck and strings made from animal sinew and played with a bow komus : a jaw harp made of wood traditionally , though now more frequently metal shagay : a wind instrument made from the bones of a sheep shagur : a wind instrument made of wood with holes on the side shatra : a rattle shoor : a long wind instrument , similar to a flute .
22	its predecessor of the same name ( 1898 -- 1960 ) was the first icebreaker in europe with a propeller in the bow and stern .
26	queen mary baggage tag queen mary design was criticised for being too traditional , especially when normandie hull was revolutionary with a clipper shaped , streamlined bow .
20	this greatly increased the mobility of the nomads ; it also freed their hands , allowing them to use the bow from horseback .
24	proa characteristics the defining feature of the proa is that the vessel '' shunts '' when it changes tacks ; the stern becomes the bow and vice versa .
45	with such a range of work and use in such varied circumstances , standard procedures for loading varied too ; loads could be lowered into rcls from ships ' davits or derricks , or , if from land , simply driven or carried over the bow ramp .
3	he holds a bow in one hand and perhaps a goblet in the other .
14	pentozali music is instrumental : the main tune is played by the pear-shaped , bow cretan lyre , to the accompaniment of a lute , played not in a melodic but in a percussive-like fashion .
8	trade with peoples to the southwest brought the bow and arrow an increase in the hierarchical structuring of their societies began during this period , although it is not clear whether it was internally developed or borrowed from the hopewell .
22	the vessel was assembled at the gasworks in darling harbour by richard johnstone , davidson and anderson the vessel had a sharp bow and stern with a rudder able to be locked at each end so that the vessel could be run in reverse .
22	when boat electrofishing , the boat itself is the cathode , and the anode ( s ) are generally mounted off the bow .
26	if you learn it according to my instructions it will expand your hand and enable you to perform arpeggio like strokes of the ( violin ) bow .
4	the terms prow and bow are often used interchangeably to describe the most forward part of a ship and its surrounding parts .
34	space in the sandolo is limited , with enough room for one oarsman , aft , and two passengers on the main seat , and two more passengers sitting on small stools towards the bow .
13	photographs show that she had the designation '' sp-400 '' painted on her bow and she was used as a patrol boat like other units with an '' sp '' designation during world war i , although her data card lists her as having identification number ( id .
5	mercedes uses a red crystal bow psypher named tasla that she usually uses for frog hunting .
21	her parents were the first whites to live with the newly discovered tribe of about 400 people , who hunted with bow and arrow , ate snakes , insects and worms , and practiced inter-tribal warfare and revenge killings .
5	their only weapons were the bow , adze , and wooden harpoon .
8	some eubs can not be used with a bow because of the large radius of the fingerboard and the flatness of the bridge .
14	it derives its name from the arab rebab which means '' played with a bow '' but in central asia the instrument is plucked and is distinctly different in construction .
20	the english longbow , also called the welsh longbow , is a powerful type of medieval longbow ( a tall bow for archery ) about long used by the english and welsh for hunting and as a weapon in medieval warfare .
7	the violinist produces sound by drawing a bow across one or more strings ( which may be stopped by the fingers of the other hand to produce a full range of pitches ) , by plucking the strings ( with either hand ) , or by a variety of other techniques .
28	it is similar in size to the latter instrument and likewise has six or seven strings of gut , arranged over a fret fingerboard and played with a bow .
59	to produce an artificial harmonic , a stringed instrument player holds down a note on the neck with one finger of the non-dominant hand ( thereby shortening the vibrational length of the string ) and uses another finger to lightly touch a point on the string that is an integer divisor of its vibrational length , and plucks or bow the side of the string that is closer to the bridge .
19	'' ) : a flying swan has been shot , and a young man is brought forth , a bow in his hand and a quiver of matching arrows .
27	for example , chanca soldiers preferred the use of clubs or macana , while antisuyu ( jungle highlands ) troops more often leaned towards the use of bow and arrow .
8	as to whether or not zopyros was his bow carrier , there is no mention of that information .
4	hooke ran a violin bow along the edge of a plate covered with flour and saw the nodal patterns emerge .
13	the basic weapon of the indian warrior was the short , stout indian bow , designed for use on horseback and deadly , but only at short range .
27	pop mašina had an attractive on-stage appearance : božinović was one of the first former yugoslav guitarists that played long guitar solos , played guitar with a bow and behind his back .
14	: on the bridge ; i.e. , in string playing , an indication to bow or to pluck very near to the bridge , producing a characteristic glassy sound , which emphasizes the higher harmonic at the expense of the fundamental ; the opposite of sul tasto portamento : carrying ; i.e. , 1 .
29	his family belongs to ahari tribe and because of poverty , limba ram was used to hunt bird like sparrow , partridge and animal in jungle with his indigenous bow ( made of bamboo wood ) and reed arrow .
8	by around 11 : 18 a.m. , the bow of the ship was submerged , with a section of the hull about high and long showing above the water .
16	the weapons used for hunting would mostly be the same as those used for war : bow , crossbow , lance or spear , knife and sword .
26	the tale of the worm may be inspired by the longship of marauding vikings , who carved the heads of worms ( ormr ) on the bow however this does not take into account the commonness of dragons in germanic folklore including that of northumbria ( see the laidly and lambton worm as well as the worm of linton ) .
6	but with its scythes , or bow ( for a violin ) , it could most likely be instrument - designed , like its pre-evolution , kricketot .
4	the explosion blew the bow off the ship , killing 65 and injuring 15 more of her crew .
18	during this caribbean tour , a locking device was developed for the sand flaps on the ship 's bow doors to keep them secure while underway , and it was installed on terrebonne parish in january 1966 at san juan , puerto rico .
15	gudok the gudok is an ancient east slavic string musical instrument , played with a bow .
45	after four years of service , the ship foundered in rough weather at the battle of öland on 1 june 1676 : while making a sharp turn under too much sail she capsize , and the gunpowder magazine ignited and blew off most of the bow structure .
25	public image chang plays the 1717 guarneri del gesù violin , which she received through the late isaac stern , and uses a variety of bow : pajeot for mozart and bach ; sartory for '' the big-whammy concertos , the tchaikovsky and sibelius '' ; and two dominique peccattes for other music .
17	iconography kāmadeva is represented as a young , handsome winged man with green skin who wields a bow and arrows .
1	the bow is attached to the rest of the hull only by some pieces of the b-deck .
13	the wreck lies upright with the stern in of water , and the bow in .
20	bowed guitar is a method of playing a guitar , acoustic or electric , in which the guitarist uses a bow to play the instrument , similar to playing a cello or a viola da gamba .
11	it is bowed with either a notched stick or a horsehair bow .
9	in europe , the spearthrower was supplemented by the bow and arrow , in the epi-paleolithic .
43	according to a moral tale called '' yue fei studies the archery '' in you er hua bao ( -- '' children 's pictorial '' ) , a chinese magazine tailored for children ages two through seven , young yue fei purchased a bow , a sword , and a spear to practice martial arts on his own since he did not have a teacher to train him properly .
6	he sometimes plays using a cello bow .
30	the jo , like its larger sibling the bō ( long staff ) , was never an effective weapon on the battlefield in comparison to the sword , spear and bow just to name a few .
8	the instrument is normally played with a cello bow .
21	description the practitioner lies on the belly , grasps the feet , and lifts the legs into the shape of a bow .
24	tigranes also possessed several thousand cataphract , formidable heavily armored cavalry that were clad in mail armor and armed with lances , spear or bow .
32	the jesuit missionaries introduced songs which used the tupi language with christian lyrics , an attempt to convert the people to christianity , and also introduced gregorian chant and the flute , bow , and the clavichord .
8	for instance , it is clear that the bow is held underhand ( with the palm upwards ) , unlike the technique used for the modern cello or violin .
12	a sleeker front bow-like look emerged , similar to a ship 's bow with the front end being gently swept back from the center .
7	, which means '' way of the bow '' , is the modern name for japanese archery .
29	in italian it is called either manico or tasto , the latter especially in the phrase sul tasto , a direction for bowed string instruments to play with the bow above the fingerboard .
8	two bombs hit amidships , one hit the bow and the other was a close miss , yet managed to fracture the hull in several places on the starboard side .
18	it is set up in a triangular format so that the end portion of each string can be bow .
23	in addition , given the experience with deployment of japanese destroyers for extended periods overseas in world war i , the hull and bow needed to be reinforced to handle heavy seas .
14	armed with a spar torpedo , mounted to a rod extending out from her bow , the hunley s mission was to lift the blockade of charleston , south carolina by destroying the sloop-of-war uss housatonic in charleston harbor .
22	frank served in the army during world war ii and then began his career in san francisco crafting and restoring violin and bow , a job he kept for 51 years until he was forced to retire in 1999 due to illness .
7	horsehair is used for brush , the bow of musical instruments and many other things .
45	morgan lewis h. morgan , an anthropologist whose ideas have had much impact on sociology , in his 1877 classic '' ancient societies '' differentiated between three eras : savagery , barbarism and civilisation , which are divided by technological inventions , like fire , bow , pottery in savage era , domestication of animals , agriculture , metalworking in barbarian era and alphabet and writing in civilisation era .
31	between 1880 and 1887 , the anchor line built no fewer than ten of these extravagant steamboats , which averaged each about 275 feet ( 83.33 m ) in length from bow to stern and about 45 feet ( 13.64 m ) in width .
9	sheeran sings and performs on a loop station , bow saw , melodica , accordion , flute , ukulele , and used a tc helicon voice live 2 to manipulate her vocals and create harmonies .
8	uitti invented a radically extended technique using two bow simultaneously in one hand - being the first to transform the cello into a 4 part chordal instrument .
19	ranging experience is obtained by hitting opponent with an arrow or bolt shot with one of the five different bow or crossbow .
15	it is characterized by its use of sticks similar to that of a stringed instrument bow , with the aim of getting one 's tip through the other stick 's space between the slack ( the hair ) and the rod ( the wood ) .
44	by contrast , the one thousand heavily armored parthian cataphract rode bard horses and carried long heavy lance ( kontos ) , the reach and power of which exceeded the gallic spear , while the 9,000 parthian mounted archers were equipped with a compound bow far superior to that used in europe , with arrows continually replenished by foot soldiers from a camel train .
11	with this technique more pressure than usual is needed on the bow , so this can not be practiced in softer passages .
0	bow and arrow used in warfare .
28	other african-derived instruments include metal percussion rods , agan , the rasp wiri , aerophones like the cachu trumpet , becu transverse double-reed wind instrument , and the bow benta .
50	basic information rowers in a coxed eight ( 8 + ) , a sweep rowing boat while rowing , the athlete sits in the boat facing toward the stern , and uses the oars which are held in place by the oarlock to propel the boat forward ( towards the bow ) .
59	from this branch of the freire de andrade came joão fernandes de andrade who , having served the portuguese kings afonso v and john ii in the conquest of the morocco strongholds of tangier and asilah , was granted a new coat of arms and possessions in the portuguese island of madeira , namely in arco da calheta ( bow of the calheta ) .
19	the ostmen , who fought with sling and axe , were defeated by the normans , who fought with bow and arbalest .
13	the french name for the osage orange , '' bois d'arc '' ( bow - wood ) , is sometimes rendered as '' bowdark .
12	the 10-gun turkish steamship that was steadily nearing the vladimir had no bow or stern artillery .
21	the obverse of the mark pieces shows a sitting lion where the dollar pieces depict a san ( bushman ) with bow and arrow .
16	neutral trim trimmed in trimmed out if the motor is trimmed out too far , the bow will ride too high in the water .
21	latter is an archery sport in which a long arrow ( pashto : ghashay ) is used along with a long bow ( pashto : leenda ) .
5	he then picks up a bow and comes to a table occupied by a sleeping hefty patron .
24	while the dilruba has more sympathetic strings and a differently shaped body than the esraj , they both have four main strings which are bow .
16	punts and passengers in cambridge , uk a punt is a flat-bottomed boat with a square-cut bow , designed for use in small river or other shallow water .
7	sound is usually created by drawing a bow across the back edge of the saw at the sweet spot , or sometimes by striking the sweet spot with a mallet .
24	in september , after departing from takao with a convoy bound for manila , hibiki was torpedoed by ; the explosion almost severed her bow .
13	he is represented as a young and handsome wing man who wields a bow and arrow .
16	in addition , the dhanur veda tradition was an influential fighting arts style which considered the bow and the arrow to be the supreme weapons .
15	the bowed psaltery is a type of psaltery or zither that is played with a bow .
26	after the release of ágætis byrjun , the band became well known for jónsi 's signature style of reverb accentuated guitar work using a cello 's bow .
24	the term , '' before the mast '' refers to sailors ' quarters , which were located in the forecastle ( the ship 's bow ) , officers ' quarters being near the stern .
9	fifteen minutes after hitting the mine , swerve s bow was up with the stern resting on the bottom .
10	this was sometimes the concertmaster , who could use his bow as a baton , or a lute who would move the neck of his instrument in time with the beat .
6	on february 23 , 1986 the bow half of the hull was refloated , towed into the sea and scuttled in waters of 4000 metres in depth .
15	elastic potential energy is the potential energy of an elastic object ( for example a bow or a catapult ) that is deformed under tension or compression ( or stressed in formal terminology ) .
26	weapons the immortals were equipped with some of the finest weapons of their day , including spear , sword , mace , dagger , and cane bow .
10	a fourth tug secured a line to the ship 's bow .
1	her bow was crafted by françois tourte .
33	as a member of the makhzum clan , who were amongst the best horsemen in arabia , khalid learned to ride and use such weapons as the spear , the lance , the bow and the sword .
9	diving planes are usually fitted in pairs , the bow planes at the front of the submarine and the stern planes at the rear .
6	she was fitted with a ram bow and lacked the stern ram of her half-sisters .
8	trade with peoples to the southwest brought the bow and arrow , and trade with the marksville culture and other hopewellian peoples brought exotic goods such as fresh water pearls , sea shells , sharks ' teeth , and copper .
1	a bow is pulled over the string/s ( made of horsetail ) , creating a dramatic and sharp sound , expressive and difficult to master .
1	jpg bow of the battleship mikasa the shiragiku ( lit .
24	he is the most adaptable playable character and can use a two-handed sword , a sword and shield , dual wield weapons or a bow .
19	kayaks used for creeking usually have higher volume ( more gallons or litres of displacement ) and more rounded bow and stern , as these features provide an extra margin of safety ' against the likelihood of pinning ( getting a kayak wedged in such a way that it can not be removed without a mechanical advantage system , such as between rocks and/or underwater ) , and will resurface more quickly and controllably when coming off larger drops .
3	house of the bow ) is a kibbutz in the lower galilee , israel .
12	two diameter controllable pitch propellers , combined with a retractable and rotatable bow propulsion unit , give chase high maneuverability .
24	instruments traditional instruments include : the maravanne ( rattle ) moutia ( hand drum ) the goatskin drum ravanne triangle and the bobre ( bow ) .
13	for normal use , it is drawn through the water from front ( bow ) to back ( stern ) to drive the boat forwards .
12	several new design innovations were incorporated in flint , including a bulbous bow for better streamlined hull .
39	the accusation centered on the fact that the corporation had not yet purchased a ship , which had appeared in a bsl brochure emblazoned with the name '' phyllis wheatley '' ( after the african-american poet ) on its bow .
1	the bow and the crossbow was used by the conquistadors for hunting and warfare when firearms or gunpowder were unavailable because of economic hardships or isolation .
4	suzutsuki -- despite her bow being blown off -- was able to make it to sasebo , japan , by steaming in reverse the entire way .
21	( franz ) albert ( ii ) nürnberger ( 1854 -- 1931 ) is regarded as one of the greatest german bow makers .
19	and the third , consisting of about five heinkel he 111 , bore down on the convoy 's port bow , lansdale s station .
10	the british fired a warning shot across his ship 's bow , to which he responded with a full broadside .
1	the bow consists of a stick with many hairs stretched between its ends .
13	the main armament consisted of one breech-loading 320-mm canet gun mounted in the bow of the ship ( in the stern in the case of matsushima ) , which could fire 450-kg armor-piercing or 350-kg explosive shells at an effective range of 8000 meters .
16	men waded from the shallow waters in the bays to the deep pools with lance or bow and arrow , to spear fish .
44	lewis h. morgan lewis h. morgan , an anthropologist whose ideas have had much impact on sociology , in his 1877 classic ancient societies differentiated between three eras : , barbarism and civilization , which are divided by technological inventions , like fire , bow , pottery in the savage era , domestication of animals , agriculture , metalworking in the barbarian era and alphabet and writing in the civilization era .
29	the bethel was immortalized in herman melville 's novel moby-dick , as the '' whaleman 's chapel '' in a scene where a fire-and-brimstone sermon is given from a bow - shaped pulpit .
29	sturgeon returned to sea for local operations from 17 july to 1 october 1973 , when she entered the portsmouth naval shipyard at kittery , maine , to effect bow repairs .
19	the gudok or hudok ( , ) is an ancient eastern slavic string musical instrument , played with a bow .
28	randolph was planned to be somewhat more lightly built than the british frigates that inspired her design , with a broader frame spacing and a much more raked bow , but with less freeboard .
43	the base was also home to the only soviet aircraft carrier shore-based landing , trainer and test site , the nazyemniy ispitateiniy treynirovochniy kompleks aviatsii ( nitka ) , with arresting gear and a ski-jump ramp that was a full-sized replica of the bow of the admiral kuznetsov .
17	william lewis & son was a distinguished chicago - based music store that specialized in violins and bow .
1	the bow used was fitted with coarse black horsehair , which produced sound by friction .
28	her laboratories had temperature-controlled aquaria and live specimen wells , and she had a walk-in freezer , a dark room , and an underwater observation chamber in her bow and on her port side for studying fish behavior at sea .
3	specific seasons for bow hunting or muzzle-loading black-powder guns are often established to limit competition with hunters using more effective firearms .
9	her 785 horsepower steam engine could barely maintain her bow to the seas .
29	bowed string instruments , such as the violin , can also be plucked in the technique known as pizzicato ; however , as they are usually played with a bow , they are not included in this category .
20	also , unlike any other warship in the japanese navy , she had two chrysanthemum crest due to her unusual bow configuration .
38	fistmele , also known as the '' brace height '' , is an older term used in archery to describe the correct distance ( about seven inches , for a northern europe or english longbow ) between a bow and its string .
80	as well as saunders-roe and vickers ( which combined in 1966 to form the british hovercraft corporation ( bhc ) ) , other commercial craft were developed during the 1960s in the uk by cushioncraft ( part of the britten-norman group ) and hovermarine based at woolston ( the latter being 'sidewall hovercraft ' , where the sides of the hull projected down into the water to trap the cushion of air with ` normal ' hovercraft skirts at the bow and stern ) .
9	he is known for his use of a cello bow on guitar and his falsetto or countertenor voice .
17	( linggi means ' stem ' in bugis and refers to the strongest vertical plate at the bow of a ship .
36	the tombstone prospector later reported that both of the bodies were found and that much of adelnietze 's belongings were captured , including his 1873 springfield rifle , '' with a shortened barrel , '' a bow , two horses , moccasin and leggings '' filled with blood .
1	the bow has to be tilted to switch from one string to another .
41	a maximum of four of these are strung over the fret , while the rest are strung lengthwise down the sides of the neck and are strummed with the fingers in accompaniment to the primary melody which is played with a bow .
18	instinctive aiming is a technique used by trained archers and marksmen to improve general accuracy when using a bow , firearm , or other ranged weapon .
6	the torpedo blew off firelight s bow but she remained afloat and put into great yarmouth the next day .
8	the strings are sounded either by drawing the bow across them ( arco ) , or sometimes by plucking them ( pizzicato ) .
42	genu varum ( also called bow-leggedness , bandiness , bandy-leg , and tibia vara ) , is a physical deformity marked by ( outward ) bowing of the leg in relation to the thigh , giving the appearance of an archer 's bow .
4	knowles next brandishes a bow and fires arrows at a cameraman who 's strapped to a rotating dart board .
5	other folk instruments include the bow .
11	on 27 december 1914 monarch rammed suffering moderate damage to her bow , she received temporary repairs at scapa flow before proceeding to devonport for full repairs , she rejoined her sister-ships on 20 january 1915 , was also seriously damaged in this collision .
30	the principals used to produce notes are similar to those for a metal jaw harp , but wooden jaw harps are often much larger in size , resembling a simple bow .
20	changes by august bohlin ( 1877 -- 1949 ) in 1929/1930 made the nyckelharpa a chromatic instrument with a straight bow , making it a more violin - like and no longer a bourdon instrument .
5	mongolian troops had a buryat bow , for showering the enemy with arrows from a safe distance .
11	fingerboards may also be unfretted , as they usually are on bow instruments , where damping by the finger is of little consequence because of the sustained stimulation of the strings .
39	the idol has an old fashioned shaping , i.e. , the face cutting is of a longish pattern ; it has large eyes spread up to the ears and the four hands display conch , discus , shaft and bow respectively .
45	within 30 minutes , a different , non-nuclear civilian construction group began an assignment to bring guitarro within a half-degree of trim ; this entailed the adding of water to tanks forward of the ship s pivot point to overcome a reported two-degree up - bow attitude .
30	zithers are played by strumming or plucking the strings , either with the fingers ( sometimes using a tool called a plectrum ) , or sounding the strings with a bow .
11	the plan of the site is in the shape of a bow with its bowstring pulled back ready to fire .
22	on bowed string instrument it is a method of playing by plucking the strings with the fingers , rather than using the bow .
6	soldiers exited by the boat 's bow ramp .
30	) trouble appeared off jekyll island , when the royal navy ship sloop , under the command of captain john poo beresford , fired a shot across the cutter 's bow .
20	link collects a variety of different equipment throughout his adventure , featuring series mainstay items such as bomb , a bow , the boomerang , and a lamp .
24	these were designated ` a ' , ` b ' , ` q ' , ` x ' , and ` y ' from bow to stern .
9	the appendiceal orifice , depicted , curves like a bow to show the location of the ileocecal valve on the most distal cecal fold .
5	a fighter equipped with a bow or a magician with spells can attack from a distance .
4	ysaÿe also employed virtuoso bow and left hand techniques throughout , for he believed that '' at the present day the tools of violin mastery , of expression , technique , mechanism , are far more necessary than in days gone by .
15	they were equipped with four 18 inch ( 460 mm ) torpedo tubes at the bow , two on either beam and another pair in a swivel mounting on the superstructure for night use .
43	for example , instruments such as keyboard and percussion require the player to swing the controllers as if striking drums ; and some string instrument such as the violin and the guitar are played by moving the wii remote as if drawing a bow or strum the strings , while the nunchuk is held as if the gripping the instrument 's neck and fingerboard .
18	this blind spot is caused by the need to insulate the sonar array , commonly mounted near the bow , from the noise of the vessel 's machinery .
9	the main type of english galleon had a low bow , a sleek hull and a large number of heavy guns .
8	he is also remembered today for the dragonetti bow , which he evolved throughout his life .
9	the battered miztec dropped her anchors , swung her bow to the seas , and survived the storm .
8	the primary weapon used in war was a bow of black palm wood , usually using arrows with barbed wooden heads .
1	the bow was usually constructed with wood or steel , depending on the preference .
38	kochanowski uses the names of the pieces ( which are often different from their equivalents in modern polish ) in literal sense , describing the game as a war between infantry soldiers ( pawns ) , knights , bow - wielding priest ( bishops ) , war elephant ( rooks ) , queens and kings .
5	amber frog on a violin bow , made by keith peck in 1996/97 .
19	two concave c-bouts between each side 's corners form the waist of this figure , providing clearance for the bow .
13	the string ensemble consists of two groups : chamber blues , made of bow instruments , and a larger group called men in black that includes guitars .
13	'' design arrowheads are attached to arrow shafts to be shot from a bow ; similar types of projectile points may be attached to a spear and '' thrown '' by means of an atlatl ( spear thrower ) .