19	the gaussian network model ( gnm ) is a representation of a biological macromolecule as an elastic mass-and - spring network to study , understand , and characterize mechanical aspects of its long-scale dynamics .
11	the ring 's inertia energy increased when compressed , like a spring , and was also inversely proportional to its radius , and therefore proportional to its frequency ν .
29	geneva wheels having the form of the driven wheel were also used in mechanical watch , but not in a drive , rather to limit the tension of the spring , such that it would operate only in the range where its elastic force is nearly linear .
13	the united states army air forces experimented with downward-ejecting systems operated by a spring , but it was the work of sir james martin and his company martin-baker that was to prove crucial .
19	as the name implies it was extremely uncomfortable , but the discomfort was somewhat ameliorated by a long flat spring that supported the saddle and absorbed many of the shocks from rough road surfaces .
10	because metal frames are more rigid , some models have spring loaded hinges to help them grip the wearer 's face better .
7	relative gravimeters most common relative gravimeters are spring - based .
52	experimental luthier yuri landman built a variety of electric string resonance tailed bridge and 3rd bridge guitars like the moodswinger , moonlander and the springtime for indie rock and noise rock acts like sonic youth , liars , blood red shoes as well as electric thumb piano and electric drum guitars and spring drum instruments .
3	bayonet with circular spring ( '' circlip beater '' ) .
24	vane meter sensor ( vaf sensor ) the vaf ( volume air flow ) sensor measures the air flow into the engine with a spring - loaded air flap/door attached to a variable resistor ( potentiometer ) .
9	an unusually mild winter and a warm , early spring were followed by an unusually cool , wet summer and a cold , early autumn in 1992 .
13	after seed ripens in early summer , plants go dormant till the next spring .
22	the supertab was only available to postpaid members , while hspa + products and services were unavailable to prepaid members until around spring in 2011 .
2	during the spring , the shrub 's fragrant yellow blossoms that appear are usually around 2 cm ( 0.8 in ) in diameter .
8	in west bengal , it is associated with spring , especially through the poems and songs of nobel laureate rabindranath tagore , who likened its bright orange flame-like flower to fire .
53	if succeeded you say april , april din dumma sill jag kan lura dig vart jag vill meaning april , april you stupid herring , i can trick you where ever i want ( to ) on the last day of april walpurgis night ( valborg ) is celebrated throughout sweden to greet spring .
17	the term '' vernal keratoconjunctivitis '' ( vkc ) is used to refer to keratoconjunctivitis occurring in spring , and is usually considered to be due to allergen .
13	the don january golf classic is a golf tournament played annually in the spring that was established to honor him in 1980 by his alma mater , now known as the university of north texas .
10	april ( ) is commonly associated with the season of spring in parts of the northern hemisphere and autumn in parts of the southern hemisphere , where it is the seasonal equivalent to october in the northern hemisphere and vice versa .
0	spring 2013 : organized student easter egg hunt on bascom hill .
14	in 1506 , hauptschwenda was mentioned as a pilgrimage place with its annenquelle ( spring , and now called lindenborn ) that could work wonders .
27	biskirchen in the constituent community of biskirchen are the ruins of the old bischofskirche ( bishop 's church ) , and a well house housing the healing spring that appears here .
5	furthermore , there are a spring - fed outdoor swimming pool in hammelbach and a campsite .
4	miners struck a gushing spring of natural bitumen , a black treacle - like substance , when digging a canal tunnel for the coalport canal in 1787 .
14	history willow springs was so named from its position at the site of a spring , surrounded by willow .
7	lourdes water lourdes water flows from a spring at the same spot where it was discovered by bernadette .
13	in 1455 , near lengsfeld in the amt of landeck , a healing spring was mentioned .
12	silver springs is a u.s. unincorporated community and the site of aquatic spring in marion county , florida .
18	aboon the brae ( scots language for '' above the hill '' ) is the site of a spring .
11	its natural habitat are river , intermittent freshwater marsh , freshwater spring , temperate desert ( including the atacama desert ) , and pond .