3	family : gruidae crane are large , long-legged and long-necked birds .
41	on 14 march 2011 , with construction already underway on the main pylon , the one show broadcast footage of the on-site status of project , and profiled the four-man team putting it together , comprising two steel erector , a crane operator and a site foreman .
2	the izumi crane migration grounds cover a 245ha paddy field area of izumi plain in the northwest of kagoshima prefecture known for the about ten-thousand cranes which pass the winter there from every year mid october to march .
22	an alternative view is that the village is named after the welsh word '' garan '' which means heron , stork or crane .
8	steppe dwellers include the mongolian lark , demoiselle crane and long tailed siberian souslik .
18	sandhill grove contained sandy soil , a large oak stand , and during certain seasons large flocks of crane .
0	crane ) is a moshav in central israel .
4	rare migratory stork and crane are also seen wintering in the park ( lesser adjutant , greater adjutant , black-necked stork , asian openbill ) .
6	also , several major factories of crane , car , tractor and a chemical plant were established .
10	the genus name is derived from greek geranos , '' crane '' , a reference to the bird-like hind-limb .
26	on the day that the two halves of the bridge were joined , each side of columbus drive was closed for a 12-hour period and a crane was used to install the girders .
23	nck later was sold to robert maxwell 's media group as part of a wider deal , but maxwell was not interested in crane and nck became inactive .
5	two 20-ton ( 18-tonne ) crane were retained and used to hoist the brewery 's serving tanks to their current location .
6	the crash was heard by a crane driver at , who reported the fact to the berthing master .
16	the neck is relatively shorter and thicker than other long-legged wading birds such as heron and crane .
10	the site of a large shipyard will contain many specialised crane , dry dock , slipway , dust-free warehouses , painting facilities and extremely large areas for fabrication of the ships .
6	on 20 june 2007 , a crane toppled whilst carrying out works on the bridge , and precariously hung for a number of hours off the side of the barriers .
31	from 9 may to 18 july 1915 , the ship was modified by cunard at liverpool with a permanent , four-aircraft , hangar in the rear superstructure and a pair of crane were mounted at the rear of the hangar to hoist the seaplanes in and out of the water .
1	some crane already are remote controlled .
17	in 1898 , the company began a transition to using company-built streetcars and machinery ( such as crane and snowplow ) rather than purchasing the cars from other companies .
34	the byzantine military manuals also mention that jars ( chytrai or tzykalia ) filled with greek fire and caltrop wrapped with tow and soaked in the substance were thrown by catapults , while pivoting crane ( gerania ) were employed to pour it upon enemy ships .
10	the tornadoes killed two people who were caught on construction crane when the tornado hit .
7	turna is the turkish word for species crane .
13	when she was modernized in the 1930s , a catapult and a collapsible crane were fitted on the stern , and both ships were equipped to operate three floatplane , although no hangar was provided .
1	a crane is still provided on this platform .
15	origin of name the place name cranbrook derives from old english cran broc , meaning crane marsh , marshy ground frequented by cranes ( although more probably herons ) .
26	a team of riggers design and install the lifting or rolling equipment needed to raise , roll , slide or lift objects such as with a crane or block and tackle .
6	standard equipment includes : a td-50 crane , front-mounted stabilizing dozer blade , main and secondary winches .
49	in prefabricated construction , only the foundations are constructed in this way , while sections of wall , floors and roof are prefabricated ( assembled ) in a factory ( possibly with window and door frames included ) , transported to the site , lifted into place by a crane and bolted together .
37	wildlife various wildlife live in the park system , including deer , hawk , owl , rabbit , snake , fox , coyote , badger , porcupine , pelican , beaver , muskrat , ground squirrel and crane .
17	the carvings include 18 fish carvings , poems written calligraphically , three bodhisattva carvings , and a crane .
3	the trip stretched crane 's legs as the heavy rabbit held them tightly , leaving them elongated as cranes ' legs are now .
20	endangered species include the great indian hornbill , vulture , langur ( black faced monkey ) , giant squirrel , crane and tern .
12	inside the shed will generally be a platform and sometimes a small crane to allow easier loading and unloading of wagons .
13	alternatively , it could be launched in jars fired from catapults ; pivoting crane ( gerania ) are also mentioned as a method of pouring combustibles onto enemy ships .
20	in compliance , he shoos several pigeons near a pavement ; one of which blinds a construction worker in a crane , who accidentally hits a switch that drops a glass pane directly above tim , crushing him .
22	his father 's business under his leadership became the oldest family owned construction equipment distributor in the united states and the largest crane dealer in the southeast .
13	they produced the range of nck agricultural equipment , skimmers , excavator , crane and dragline that were renowned for high quality and long life , typically over 20 years .
5	william armstrong 's first hydraulic crane is erected at newcastle upon tyne in england .
12	they organized these techniques into five animals : the tiger , the crane , the leopard , the snake , and the dragon .
8	maz-537k - tractor , designed for installation of crane equipment .
28	it is an important breeding , moulting and resting area for numerous birds including the kingfisher , bittern , whooper swan , goosander , great crested grebe , crane and sea eagle .
22	coat of arms the vertical bars in the left half of the coat of arms symbolize the elbe-havel canal , while the crane in the right symbolizes the nature in the district .
42	they depict , on the left , jeremiah and habakkuk ; the eternal father and the blessed virgin ; an angel and saint john the evangelist ; and saint cyriacus ; and , on the right , figures of animals : two crane on a pomegranate tree , an eagle , two peacocks on a tree and two gryphons .
21	an axial cut can be made with the use of a zoom lens , or physically moving the camera with a crane or camera dolly .
12	the two derricks that serviced the hangar were replaced by a single crane on the starboard side of the hangar roof .
15	fauna and flora famous animals in the national park include the red deer , the crane , the white-tailed eagle and the osprey .
3	there is a crane at the top of the mst , which allows the payload and gem-60 solid motors to be attached to the vehicle .
5	the logo is a white crane on a red vertical tail fin .
12	hydrauliska industri ab ( hiab ) is a swedish manufacturer of loader crane , demountable container handlers , forestry cranes , truck-mounted forklift and tail lift .
15	sadako and the thousand cranes one of the most famous origami designs is the japanese crane .
14	after the population recovered it continued building up the city and in 1364 a crane was built for the port .
20	much of the interior , which was designed by hapstak demetriou + , uses reclaimed objects , such a construction crane , beer bottle , window , and cargo container .
93	airdate : october 25 , 2005 new orleans ( louis armstrong international airport ) to panama city , panama ( tocumen international airport ) panama city to gamboa ( smithsonian tropical research institute 's gamboa field station ) barro colorado island ( smithsonian tropical research institute ) balboa ( pier 12 , panama canal ) panama city ( casco viejo or el parque metropolitan ) panama city ( estadio juan demostenes arosemena panama city ( miraflores locks ) in the race 's only aired fast forward , team members had to find a crane at the pacific side of panama canal pier 14 .
5	these include the adder , crane , nightjar , woodlark , snipe , shrike and stonechat .
16	another building , near the mausoleum , houses an unusual statue of amida riding a large crane , which is an iconography rarely found in japan .
8	the player 's primary control is '' the crane '' , a flying magnet ( held by , for example , a pterodactyl in the first , ancient time period ) which can pick up and drop single parts .
25	gary had to invent equipment to build and move the huge sculptures , creating the scaffolding , hoist , and even special vehicles that featured crane to haul the sculptures around at his rural workshop and to place them onto trucks for transportation .
0	crane : gruidae indet .
15	the darß is famous for being a resting place for tens of thousands of migrating crane and geese .
4	the emblem was a crane , alert and vigilant , holding a pebble to splash itself awake should its alertness falter , however the pebble and ` vigilance ' initially chosen as the motto , have evolved under mrs knight and the board of governors at the time ( 2004-2009 ) to a more self-analytical motto , reflecting the greater achievement of society at large , and appreciating one 's own ideas and successes as much as those as others .
33	between 1950 and 1952 50 examples of a slightly modified copy of the kranich ii were built in poland , known as the szd-c żuraw ( żuraw is kranich in polish = '' crane '' ) .
6	the most important investments were a crane with a capacity of 100 tonnes and a dry dock .
21	a white-tailed tropicbird or longtail fossil remains of a variety of species have been found on the island , including a crane , an owl and the short-tailed albatross .
9	rock density monolith with bull , fox , and crane in low relief , gobekli tepe the discussion above is accurate as far as it goes , which is only to the first significant figure .
10	it is assumed that the column drums were lifted by crane into their place .
104	during the canadian operation athena , members of 1 cer on task force 3-09 constructed a mabey logistic support bridge over a pre-existing bridge after a vehicle borne suicide bomb detonanted on the bridge close to kandahar airfield features the bridge takes military load class 80 tracked , 110 wheeled the bridge can span up to 61m lsb has a lane width of 4.2 m multi-span equipment enables the bridge to be built to any length on fixed or floating supports built on a greenfield site using grillages , ground beams and ramps the bridge is normally built using an atc244 22 ton capacity crane or a hydraulic excavator using a bucket with a lifting eye .
4	c. 515 bce : crane in ancient greece 5th century bce 5th century bce : crank motion ( rotary quern ) in celtiberian spain 5th century bce : cast iron in ancient china : confirmed by archaeological evidence , the earliest cast iron was developed in china by the early 5th century bce during the zhou dynasty ( 1122 -- 256 bce ) , the oldest specimens found in a tomb of luhe county in jiangsu province .
7	rcs applications robocrane - rcs controlled a crane having six degrees of freedom .
5	view of the krantor ( crane gate ) the member cities took responsibility for their own protection .
93	among these projects are : support to bandipur tiger reserve , trade & wildlife crimes grassroots ngo support network , support to corbett tiger reserve & adjoining forests , support to sundarbans tiger reserve , wpsi tiger protection awards , award for information that leads to seizure of tiger parts , ` operation kachhapa ' , conservation of the olive ridley turtle , ` corridor to survival ' - landscape conservation plan for elephant management , human-elephant conflict & elephant mortality in north bengal , a film campaign on otter conservation , indian crane and wetland working group and animal - human conflict management .
17	examples of parodies include pictures of lee holding an electric saw before the chinese , driving a crane towards li , and lee in goku 's costume in his super saiyan form .
12	it may have quay , wharf , jetties , or slipway with crane or ramps .
0	crane swallow the sun , the moon and the stars several references are made by moses of chorene to the worship of the sun and moon in armenia .
47	the luttrell psalter , dating to around 1340 , describes a grindstone which was rotated by two cranks , one at each end of its axle ; the geared hand-mill , operated either with one or two cranks , appeared later in the 15th century ; medieval crane were occasionally powered by cranks , although more often by windlass .
9	climbing gear , tree house , canopy walkway , crane , airship and inflatable platforms resting on the treetops have lately overcome these barriers .
14	in 1917 , the naval general staff decided to add another seaplane and a crane to handle them .
8	a transformer who takes the form of a crane .
12	these boxes would be lifted out of the boats , positioned by crane over a bunker or cart and emptied by releasing the chains on the base .
16	not yet fully rigged for example , she had a two-ton ( 907 - kg ) crane on her port forecastle but no lifting capability aft miller freeman proceeded after commissioning in 1967 from ohio through lake erie , lake ontario , the st. lawrence seaway , and the panama canal to her home port at seattle , washington .
3	cranes ( how crane work ) 8 .
27	the main single line had to be temporarily severed and slued so that the carriage could be shunted onto its own track without the use of a crane .
10	fionn arrived at tara , armed with his father 's crane - skin bag of magical weapons .
5	ceramic originals by freeman-leidy , crane figurine .
4	he makes an origami crane every time he kills someone , a trait which was influenced by woo 's daughter when he saw her making them .
36	five kinds of animal parts fenghuang -- a chinese creature that has the head of a golden pheasant , the body of a mandarin duck , the tail of a peacock , the legs of a crane , the mouth of a parrot , and the wings of a swallow .
32	the fruit capsule , which springs open when ripe , consists of five cells each containing one seed joined to a long beak-like column 2 -- 3 cm long ( resembling a crane 's bill ) produced from the center of the old flower .
5	gameplay the player controls a crane at the top of the valley that moves picks up crate when the button is pressed .
14	cargo ships are usually specially designed for the task , often being equipped with crane and other mechanisms to load and unload , and come in all sizes .
18	systematics and evolution the family rallidae has traditionally been grouped with two families of larger birds , the crane and bustard , as well as several smaller families of usually '' primitive '' mid-sized amphibious birds , to make up the order gruiformes .
10	it has a cast iron fireboard ornamented with a brass crane .
8	abus kransysteme gmbh is a german hoist and crane manufacturer headquartered in gummersbach .
7	she gave the port of bristol a crane in 1475 , at the welsh back .
12	bird groups found there include : eagle , vulture , stork , crane , egret , lapwing , kite , owl , kingfisher , quail and dove .
27	the following sections were repealed and superseded by the lifting operations and lifting equipment regulations 1998 on 5 december 1998 : hoists and lifts - general ; crane and other lifting machines ; and chain , rope and lifting tackle .
4	unfortunately , her seaplane crane was destroyed .
26	meanwhile , word has come that germany has surrendered , but murphy is obsessed with revenge and makes plans to ram the u-boat with a floating crane owned by the friendly frenchman louis ( philippe noiret ) .
24	during the pre-world war ii period , uralmash manufactured its products ( blast furnace equipment , sintering machines , rolling mill , press , crane , etc. ) for the mining and metallurgical industries located in the urals and siberia .
12	most , if not all , previous designs for military bridges required crane to lift the pre-assembled bridge and lower it into place .
18	the five original anishinaabe doodem were the wawaazisii ( bullhead ) , baswenaazhi ( echo-maker , i.e. , crane ) , aan ` aawenh ( pintail duck ) , nooke ( tender , i.e. , bear ) and moozoonsii ( little moose ) , then these six miigis beings returned into the ocean as well .
18	1 japanese voice actor : yasunori matsumoto english voice actor : kirk thornton kabuki actor-faced shinma with a crane wing on each of his lower back legs .
8	grapple , the architect , transforms into a crane ; hoist , who serves in maintenance , transforms into a toyota hi-lux 4wd tow truck model ; inferno , who serves in search and rescue , transforms into a fire engine ; red alert , the security director , transforms into a fire chief 's lamborghini countach ; skids , the theoretician , transforms into a honda city turbo ; smokescreen , the diversionary tactician , transforms into a 1979 custom datsun 280zx ; and tracks , a warrior , transforms into a 1980 chevrolet corvette .
24	one of the most common types on modern railways are container trains , where containers can be lifted on and off the train by crane and loaded off or onto truck or ship .
22	the first channel south of 14th avenue s is anhinga channel , then bittern channel is south of 15th avenue s , crane channel is south of 16th avenue s , duck channel is south of 17th avenue s , and egret channel is north of 21st avenue s. from the channels there are coves named flamingo , gull , heron , and ibis , as well as the original aqua cove .
12	a huge new turret shop was built , and a mammoth hammerhead crane , capable of lifting 350 tons , was constructed to capacitate battleship fabrication .
25	one of the most significant of pika 's inventions has been the paralcon hydraulic valve system that can be used on any twin boom extending-retracting crane .
12	steel rivets can be found in static structures such as bridge , crane , and building frames .
48	the items include : a cake when eaten doubles the size of their name tag ; a '' pumpkin bicycle '' that can be used for ten minutes ; red high heels that are used for ten minutes ; jack and the beanstalk which lets them ride a crane ; a fight with the queen where they play muk-chi-ba with members of gag tonight , if they lose , they must where a mitten , and if they win , all the other members name tags become giant and their name tag is shrunk ; '' genie 's lamp '' which will summon a '' genie '' to help the member for an hour ; when they catch the rabbit , their name tag is returned to normal .
10	a more obvious external change was the fitting of large crane - like davit , each capable of holding six lifeboats .
16	he was awarded one of the first patent ever issued in order to protect an ingenious crane he designed to raise the large masonry stones to the top of the structure .
9	a series of nine late-19th century 160-ton capacity hydraulic crane for naval use .
13	it is not secured to the ground and can be moved by a crane attaching to built-in anchor point but due to its weight it is also designed to function as a roadblock .
4	flora and fauna the crane has resettled in the area and now breeds here .
2	a new crane would also have been necessary to handle the heavier aircraft as well .
26	between 1949 and 1981 , wcs supported various activities in canada , including arctic expeditions to bylot island and research on seals , merlin , whooping crane , polar bears , and bowhead whales .
22	larger buildings may require the use of a wrecking ball , a heavy weight on a cable that is swung by a crane into the side of the buildings .
51	the sliding walls taper inwards towards the top and are connected by an articulated joint so the walls can be spread and slid apart , so that one half of the wagon is entirely open and may be loaded or unloaded from the side by forklift truck or from above by crane .
34	goods yards were planned for mislingford ( mainly to serve a local pumping station ) and farringdon , and all the stations had goods sidings , an ornate corrugated iron goods shed and hand-operated crane to allow parcels and goods to be picked up and dropped off as needed .
14	this is characteristic of herons and bittern , and distinguishes them from stork , crane , and spoonbill , which extend their necks .
119	types of operators ; broadcasting : technical operator , transmission controller or broadcast operator : network operations center ( noc ) operator master control ( mcr ) operator production control room ( pcr ) operator transmission control room ( tcr ) operator video tape operator ( vto ) certified television operator ( cto ) by society of broadcast engineers ( sbe ) certified radio operator ( cro ) operator - by ( sbe ) studio technical operator ( gallery operator ) : vision mixer operator - technical director ( td ) sound and comms ( talkback ) studio operator kc-135 boom operator camera operator jib ( camera ) operator boom operator dolly grip operator ; other : computer operator crane operator radio operator satellite controller switchboard operator winch operator nuclear power plant operator gallery image : hg winch operator .
4	dorna ( , '' crane '' ) is a jet-powered iran training aircraft .
15	the new , large apartment buildings were perfectly rectangular , so as to allow a crane to roll along a track and place components on both sides of the building simultaneously , saving both time and effort .
52	some are straight with a '' joint '' ( sandblasted top part of stem , usually about 1 inch long , and all the way around , tapered or cone shaped , so the tapered , or '' cone shaped '' bowl will fit in ) some are bent to resemble a crane .
41	types crane-climbing formwork : the working platform and the formwork are a unit climbing formwork ( crane-climbing ) - in this type of climbing formwork , the formwork around the structure is displaced upwards with the help of one or more crane once the hardening of the concrete has proceeded far enough .
52	taxonomy and systematics flying at a falconry display at palmitos park , canary islands , spain its scientific name is latin ancient greek and means '' black-and-white crane-eagle '' or ( if called buteo melanoleucos ) '' black-and-white buzzard '' : geranoaetus comes from ancient greek géranos ( γέρανoς ) , '' crane '' + aetós ( ἆετός ) , '' eagle '' .
17	the first of these was the ` nautical labourer ' ; a steam tug with a floating crane propelled by paddle wheels .
2	cormorant , crane , raven and crow are also noted , white-tailed eagle frequents the area and black stork , red kite and short-eared owl have been recorded occasionally on the bog .
5	nosturi ( finnish for '' crane '' ) is a culture and music hall and a nightclub in the punavuori district of helsinki , finland .
9	he is depicted as a crow or a black crane .
11	a marina may have a boat hoist well ( a traveling crane ) operated by service personnel .
16	scenic elements there were several scenic elements commonly used in greek theater : mechane , a crane that gave the impression of a flying actor ( thus , deus ex machina ) .
16	carden first appearance : '' blind leading the blind '' voice actor : gregory cooper a crane monster with no rinshi form .
19	near mt . diablo deposits of similar age provide evidence for at least three different kinds of camel , crane , a fox , a primitive ground squirrel , a small beaver , horses ( with the three toed horse hipparion forcei being the most common ) , hyena - like animals , a lizard , abundant mastodonts , mountain lion - like cat , a mustelid , oreodonts , peccaries , rabbit , raccoon - like animals , a ring-tailed cat , and possible saber-toothed cat .
13	chizuru ( 千鶴 ) is a japanese feminine given name meaning a thousand crane .
15	in the recovery of lost sources , the iaea recommends careful planning and using a crane or other device to place shielding ( such as a pallet of brick or a concrete block ) near the source to protect recovery workers .
41	to '' slew '' means to turn without change of place ; a '' slewing '' bearing is a rotational rolling-element bearing that typically supports a heavy but slow-turning or slow-oscillating load , often a horizontal platform such as a conventional crane , a swing yarder , or the wind-facing platform of a horizontal-axis windmill .
31	the size of the entrances to the stadium ( designed to accommodate the movement of people rather than stage equipment ) meant that the stage had to be lifted in by crane before being constructed .
9	grus is a genus of large bird in the crane family .
47	during his lifetime , in addition to numerous dogs and horses , byron kept a fox , four monkey , a parrot , five cat , an eagle , a crow , a crocodile , a falcon , five peacocks , two guinea hen , an egyptian crane , a badger , three geese , a heron , a honey badger , and a goat with a broken leg .
17	the models no-4 and no-5 were prototypes of heavy salvage vehicles , equipped with a gar wood crane which could swivel to the left and right .
33	he therefore ordered a foresail made of eight hammock hung from a top boom made of pipe bunk frames lashed firmly together , all tied to the vertical kingpost of the torpedo loading crane forward of the submarine 's superstructure .
11	counterweights are often used in traction lifts ( elevators ) , crane and funfair rides .
3	they often have crane and forklift for moving goods , which are usually placed on iso standard pallet loaded into pallet rack .
35	m. d. moody & sons , inc. stands today as the oldest family owned construction equipment distributor in the united states , the oldest road equipment company in florida and at one time the largest crane dealer in the southeast .
3	white-tailed eagle , crane and otter also occur in the area .
5	kurepõllu ( estonian for '' crane field '' ) is a subdistrict ( ) in the district of lasnamäe , tallinn , the capital of estonia .
9	cranes today is an international trade magazine for the crane and lifting industries , published by world market intelligence .
28	species found around the salt flats include flamingo ( phoenicopterus roseus ) ; grey ( ardea cinerea ) and purple heron ( ardea purpurea ) ; stork ; crane ; waders including avocet and oystercatcher ; and overwintering duck .
9	tibet hosts species of wolf , wild donkey , crane , vulture , hawk , geese , snake , and buffalo .
7	but a when the worker exits the crane , bugs calls him from the building under construction ( '' yoo hoo !
27	tau 1 gruis b , also known as hd 216435 b , is an extrasolar planet approximately 109 light-year away in the constellation of grus ( the crane ) .
96	anthony w. sariti , authorhouse , 2007 ) '' в пороховом дыму '' ( in the gunpowder smoke , 1878 ) '' в камышах '' ( in the reeds , 1879 ) '' varvara lepko and her family '' ( 1879 ) ; '' тигрица '' ( tigress ) ; '' from orenburg to tashkent '' ( 1886 ) ; '' khiva expedition '' ( 1882 ) ; etc. the two-legged wolf , english translation , 1894 , the most popular was his children 's book , cranes flying south , telling the story of a crane migrating from the ostashkov swamps to the upper nile .
36	design and appearance the shōnan maru 2 is similar in design and appearance to whale catchers used by the icr such as the yūshin maru series , the primary external differences being the presence of a crane near the aft end of her superstructure used to launch and recover rigid-hulled inflatable boat ( craft not carried aboard other icr whale catchers ) , minor differences in the design of the bridge section and forward catwalk , and the absence of a structure on her prow used to recover fired harpoon .
24	they carry an array of special equipment such as the jaws of life , wooden cribbing , generator , winches , hi-lift jacks , crane , cutting torch , circular saws and other forms of heavy equipment unavailable on standard trucks .
10	loon , grebes , pelican , hawk and eagle , crane , sandpiper , gull , parrots , and owls are among the families missing this feather .
19	the brolga ( grus rubicunda ) , formerly known as the native companion , is a bird in the crane family .
12	the safari reserves end with the large lake of pink flamingoes , crane , stork , ibises , and peacock .
9	it was assembled from seven pieces with the largest crane available in ireland .
3	using a giant crane to remove the slab , known as a capstone , a burial chamber was revealed containing what little remained of a bronze age body and grave goods .
20	while it contains some inaccurate or mythological articles ( for example , the articles on the horseshoe crab and the crane ) , it also distinguished itself from the common '' everyday encyclopedias '' ( riyong leishu 日用類書 ) at that time by being accurate in some other articles ( for example , accurate depictions of the japanese and korean people 's clothing , and a very accurate world map ( the shanhai yudi quantu ) .
32	as this is a simple derrick system , it is considered to be used by some agencies as an improvised rescue derrick in an emergency situation where no suitable rescue derrick or crane is available .
2	using a crane , the modules are set onto the building 's foundation and joined together to make a single building .
14	limpkin , aramus guarauna ( r ) cranes order : gruiformes family : gruidae crane are large , long-legged and long-necked birds .
24	local birds like the water fowl , cuckoo , owl and water hen and other common varieties like the woodpecker , sky lark , crane and parrot can also be spotted here .
15	the top portion was constructed in sections off-site and then lifted into place using a crane .
1	a crane can be used to lift a tram , too , or an overturned tram .
20	cranes on a lolo vessel the flora delmas , a lolo vessel lift-on/lift-off or lolo ship are vessels with on-board crane to load and unload cargo .
4	shimizu-minato station 's industrial crane has been preserved and can be see in the grounds of s-pulse dream plaza , a shopping and entertainment complex on the station 's former site .
13	its name came from anglo-saxon cran-ford = '' ford frequented by heron or crane '' and it covered an almost north-south rectangle lengthwise of .
6	the gamble family crest , a crane and trailing rose , was integrated in part or whole in many locations around the house .
31	the woman on the phone helps the two avoid the chicago police and fbi , using an ability to control networked devices , including traffic light , mobile phone , automated crane , and even power lines .
9	the sanctuary also is habitat for harriers , common crane , black partridge ( local name : ` kalo tetar ' ) , sand grouse , black and grey francolin , spotted and indian sandgrouse , quails , larks , shrikes , coursers and plovers .
13	in horizontal vertical and transport great progress resulted from the invention of the crane , the winch , the wheelbarrow and the odometer .
25	they have a slow steady flight , with the neck retracted as is characteristic of herons and bittern ; this distinguishes them from stork , crane , flamingo and spoonbill , which extend their necks .
34	hendrik figee ( haarlem , may 28 , 1838 haarlem , december 3 , 1907 ) was a dutch businessman and entrepreneur creditted with growing the haarlem factory figee into an international manufacturer of crane .
2	a special crane unloads the rail sections and places them on each side of the temporary track , approximately 3.5 m ( 12 ft ) apart .
21	for the gliding elements of this gliding surface to be replaced , the nacelle-rotor assembly must be lifted by an external crane .
73	tema harbour expansion the tema harbour and port of tema is undogoing a $ 115 million expansion and investment in infrastructural upgrading at the tema harbor and port of tema as part of efforts aimed at expanding facilities of tema port to meet rising cargo traffic by the the ghana ports and harbours authority ( ghpa ) ; and in which the expansion and investment will go into the purchase and instalment of crane , reach-stackers , ship to shore cranes , among others .
66	once , the seasonal bird populations in the san joaquin basin were immense , especially in the now-dry tulare lake region : '' it took something different , though , to capture the sound of the blue sky as it turned dark and deafening from the wings and cries of millions of native and migratory birds -- canadian geese , mallards , swan , pelican , crane , teal , and curlew .
18	in addition to the two main loads , the little david unit would also include a bulldozer and crane with bucket to dig the emplacement for the mortar 's base .
31	instead of being charadriiformes , they might be some distinct but rather basal member of the neoaves , close to the common ancestor of some or all of such birds as crane , rail , stork and/or heron perhaps .
14	the name parvigrus is derived from the latin parvus for small and grus for crane , the specific epithet refers to burkhard pohl who obtained the specimen for the wyoming dinosaur center .
14	in 1965 , robert dunfield leased the island and , using a 70-ton digging crane with a clam bucket , dug out the pit area to a depth of and width of .
4	vigilant a stork , crane or the like standing on one leg may be called vigilant or in its vigilance ( e.g. waverley borough council 's ' ' ) .
13	low-altitude drop tests may be conducted by releasing the test vehicle from a crane or gantry .
7	stonemasons use a lewis together with a crane or block and tackle to hoist building stones into place .
9	a number of road locomotives are fitted with a crane boom on the front .
28	he flew across the sahara and over the mediterranean sea to sicily with eagle , from siberia to iran ( 5,500 km ) with a flock of siberian crane , and over mount everest with nepal eagles .
39	before extensive use of container ships and shore-based handling machinery in the united states , longshoremen referred exclusively to the dockworkers , while stevedores , in a separate trade union , worked on the ships , operating ship 's crane and moving cargo .
13	peterman was on a platform suspended eighteen feet from the ground when the crane holding the platform snapped , throwing peterman to the ground .
42	a rigger at work on ( tva ) douglas dam , tennessee , june 1942 a rigger is a person or company that specializes in the lifting and moving of extremely large or heavy objects , often with the assistance of a crane or derrick .
9	there have been several reports of black stork , crane and flocks of vulnerable marbled teal .
10	the name comes from the bird trana , which means crane .
20	pygmies , a tribe of one and a half foot tall african men who rode goats into battle against migrating crane acephali ( greek akephalos , plural akephaloi , from a - , '' without '' , and kephalé , '' head '' ) are human without head , with their mouths and eyes being in their breasts .
14	dinner in the sky is a belgian based novelty restaurant service which uses a crane to hoist its diners , table , and waiting staff 150 feet into the air .
7	execution she was publicly hanged from a crane in neka , iran , on august 15 , 2004 .
8	the aircraft were slung over the side by crane .
33	thrust-collar type thrust-collar type mjts are used in applications where it is difficult to use threaded tensioners , such as on rolling mill where the joint would typically need to be tightened by crane wrenching .
28	konecranes plc ( kci konecranes prior to 16 march 2007 ) is a finnish company , headquartered in hyvinkää , which specialises in the manufacture and service of crane and lifting equipment as well as the service of machine tool .
39	riviera was purchased in february 1915 by the admiralty and she was modified by cunard at liverpool from 14 february to 7 april 1915 with a permanent , four-aircraft , hangar in the rear superstructure and a pair of crane were mounted at the rear of the hangar to hoist the seaplanes in and out out of the water .
18	the object in question is actually a bird borrowed from the los angeles zoo , most likely a crane or an emu , one of several placed on the indoor set to give it a more realistic feel .
4	the main products were crane and tackles , but also trolleybus and excavator .
19	it was at beardmores that james spotted young engineering manager ian macgregor who broke a strike by driving a crane himself for two weeks .
13	m113 fitter - armored recovery vehicle with hiab ( hydrauliska industri ab ) crane on hull roof .
4	japan airlines : a crane logo , called tsurumaru .
4	pelican , stork , crane and a variety of waterfowl are housed in large pens alongside tsavo .
18	if this occurs then the player 's vehicle is hoisted back onto the track ( by a nearby crane ) which costs valuable time .
3	the scaffold and crane - like structures represented by many constructivist architects are used for the finished forms of his designs and buildings .
1	the crane which arrived to remove the monument from lihula could not enter the cemetery because of a crowd of protesting people .
11	intermodal freight transport uses standardized containers , which are handled by crane .
16	a catapult was fitted between the mainmast and no. 3 turret in mid-1933 , a collapsible crane was installed in a portside sponson , and the ships were equipped to operate two or three floatplanes , although no hangar was provided .
33	bak mei emphasizes the movements of the tiger , but bak mei also uses the other four animal styles associated with the henan shaolin temple as well such as the tiger , the crane , the leopard , the snake and the dragon .
21	some of the oldest serekhs consist of a striped or cross-hatched box , representing a palace or city , with a crane , scorpion , or other animal drawn standing on top .
28	in the first method , longshoremen loaded the cargo into sacks , stacked the sacks onto pallet , and put the pallets into the cargo hold with a crane .
14	unlike prokinesis , which is widespread in birds , rhynchokinesis is only known in crane , shorebird , swift and hummingbird .
6	the workers were using an overhead crane , parked under the railway 's electric power lines .
21	- miyagi prefecture no. 27 : hydraulic lock ( made in united kingdom , operating since 1908 ) and floating steam crane ( operated 1905 2008 ) , miike port .
28	the oblast is noted for production of cars ( uaz ) , machine tool ( aviastar-sp and other ) , automatic circuit recloser , press-forging machines , electric crane motors , water sprinkler , and other machines .
31	the most familiar modern type of portable buildings are designed so that one can be carried to or from site on a large lorry and slung on and off by a crane .
3	they often featured crane - like attachments with magnets for picking up small cargo and storage boxes .
32	they are designed to lift limited weights -- usually less than a ton , although some have a higher safe working load ( swl ) -- distinguishing them from most types of crane .
99	zf products include driveline technology ( automatic , manual , servo , sequential manual , special transmission , driveline components , rubber-metal technology , transfer case , hybrid system ) chassis technology ( chassis components and modules , steering technology , suspension systems ) additional technologies ( electronic/software , diagnostic systems , precision plastic technology , lubricants ) axle systems and drops applications cars , trucks , buses & coaches , light commercial vehicle , off-road equipment , rail vehicles , helicopter , motorcycles , lift trucks , machine and system construction , test systems , civil mobile , crane , and special marine , military and agricultural vehicles and machines .
9	bird man , with a large wingspan and a crane - like face .
22	of these doodem , the five original anishinaabe doodem were the wawaazisii ( bullhead ) , baswenaazhi ( echo-maker , i.e. , crane ) , aan ` aawenh ( pintail duck ) , nooke ( tender , i.e. , bear ) and moozoonsii ( little moose ) , then these six miigis beings returned into the ocean as well .
5	the port 's facilities include crane , large berth , and warehouse , but these facilities are not in good condition .
26	the men wear blue jeans or slacks and hats , which are usually cowboy or ballcap styles , usually with a single eagle , hawk or crane feather in the hatband .
3	a 10-ton overhead crane straddled the track .
59	if so , it is interesting to note that the gondwanan sunbittern is most likely the closest living relative of the kagu , and these two may also be reasonably close to the mesites , yet other '' odd gruiforms '' from the southern hemisphere , but do not seem to be close to the gruiformes proper ( i.e. crane , rail and allies .
4	he owned a construction crane operation , became president of the german bobsleigh society , and aided aviation historians of world war i. he died in munich on 29 july 1978 , the last living aviation recipient of the pour le merite .
5	he is accompanied by a crane and a turtle , which are considered to be symbols of longevity .
3	biography dwarf fighting crane in greenland born in skeninge in october 1490 .
8	roney climbs to the top of a building crane and swings it into the spectre .
20	the town is the site of the yuzuru no sato museum , which has an animation of urushiyama 's famous crane story , and an exhibition related to silk production , a major industry in the area until world war ii .
7	rare birds have settled here including the crane and the black stork .
9	the ornate bridge railings are decorated with carvings of crane and other animals .
9	brand history the lufthansa logo , an encircled stylized crane in flight , was created in 1918 by otto firle .
89	; avifauna the avifauna recorded in the lake , particularly in the festive season when they gather in the early hours of the morning ( dispersed with human presence ) at the middle of the lake are : grebe ( podiceps ruficollis ) , common merganser -- mergus merganser , large cormorant ( phalacrocorax carbo ) , little cormorant ( phalacrocorax niger ) , common teal ( anascrecca ) , tufted duck ( aythya fuligula ) , white-breasted waterhen ( amaurornis phoenicurus ) , moorhen ( gallimlachorophy ) and crane brown amaurornisbi color .
29	en 1993-3-2 : towers , masts and chimneys -- chimney en 1993-4-1 : silo en 1993-4-2 : tanks en 1993-4-3 : pipelines en 1993-5 : piling en 1993-6 : crane supporting structures eurocode 3 applies to the design of buildings and civil engineering works in steel .
35	from the isotope analysis of carbon , nitrogen and oxygen in the teeth and bones the researchers found that richard 's diet included a lot of freshwater fish and exotic birds such as swan , crane and heron , and that he consumed a vast quantity of wine .
26	certain levels also contain train or barge which run on a fixed track , and are used primarily for transportation , as well as a fixed-position crane that can move things via its hoisted platform .
11	among the birds prized for their plumage are the marabout , crane , heron , blacks bird , parrot , jay and hummingbird of extraordinary brilliance , among insect the most numerous and useful is the bee , honey everywhere constituting an important part of the food of the inhabitants .
11	it was a heavy industry , manufacturing railroad car , harbour crane and agricultural machinery .
6	economy rzhev produces most of the crane used in constructing apartment buildings and shopping malls in moscow .
9	it is given in a bag decorated with a crane and a turtle , which represent long life in japan .
16	gathered crowd celebrated the fall of the statue ; its upper part was lifted using a crane , and broke off at the lower legs attached to the pedestal .
3	a truck with crane and drawbar for pulling , enrailing and shunting trams in munich , germany .
11	many of the latter type of arv had an a-frame or crane to allow the vehicle 's crew to perform heavy lifting tasks , such as removing the engine from a disabled tank .
18	all portions of the national park are famous for being a resting place for tens of thousands of crane and geese .
5	a catapult and a collapsible crane were fitted on the stern during the mid-1930s modernization , and the ships were equipped to operate three floatplane , although no hangar was provided .
14	( hispaniola , west indies ) gruiformes the group that includes modern rail and crane .
60	public medical institute general hospital sister cities beppu , japan ( 1984.10.01 ) hammerfest , norway ( 1962.03.23 ) lianyungang , china ( 1992.11.01 ) changwon , south korea ( 1998.12.24 ) seodaemun-gu , south korea ( 2005.04.18 ) xiamen , china ( 2007.07.25 ) symbols of mokpo city flower - white magnolia city tree - loquats city bird - crane images file : fukuyama-cho in mokuho .
22	previously galliformes new ralliformes rail and crake ( this was eventually changed back to the traditional inclusion in gruiformes ) new gruiformes crane new turniciformes button-quail etc. .
13	the ship operated mitsubishi f1m biplane and aichi e13a1 monoplanes and used a crane mounted on her stern to recover them from the water .
34	the name was replaced by kuressaare ( probably meaning '' island of the curonian people , '' with the name of the people , the kure , ultimately coming from the estonian kurg : crane ) in 1918 after estonia had declared its independence from bolshevist russia .
31	during the 1933 -- 34 refit , the platforms were removed from the turrets and a catapult was installed on the roof of ` x ' turret , along with a crane to recover a seaplane .
5	a special skip-carrying lorry or crane is used .
25	after princess yamatohime-no-mikoto ( 倭姫命 ) moved the shrine of the sun goddess to its present location at ise , she came across a white crane in a swamp .
21	during april -- may , recorded species include sea eagle , golden eagle , buzzard , red kite , falcon and crane .
1	a crane at the surface removes the soil with a clamshell bucket .
39	today , however , it is often described as a composite of many birds including the head of a golden pheasant , the body of a mandarin duck , the tail of a peacock , the legs of a crane , the mouth of a parrot , and the wings of a swallow .
29	the model is now used in an attraction at disney 's hollywood studios cinematographer donald peterman suffered head injuries , a broken leg and broken ribs due to a crane accident on the film set in 1997 .
8	he is a star god accompanied by a crane and a turtle , which are considered to be symbols of longevity , and also sometimes accompanied by a black deer .
10	it also houses leopard as well as various species of crane , deer , duck , parrot , peafowl and pheasant .
3	gripper -- a crane .
22	she began working in the lenin shipyard in gdańsk , poland in 1950 , first as a welder , later as a crane operator .
10	most commonly , they are placed in the gruiformes ( crane , rail and allies ) , but this has been disputed in more recent times .
71	family : rallidae sora yellow rail , coturnicops noveboracensis ( a ) black rail , laterallus jamaicensis ( a ) clapper rail , rallus crepitans ( a ) king rail , rallus elegans ( c ) virginia rail , rallus limicola sora , porzana carolina spotted rail , pardirallus maculatus ( a ) purple gallinule , porphyrio martinica ( a ) common gallinule , gallinula galeata american coot , fulica americana crane order : gruiformes .
26	( ) trees that snapped in 2004 , the tree from snellville snapped about two-thirds of the way up while workers were attempting to use a crane to lift it from the ground to the roof .
29	these include several species of duck , flycatcher , heron , plover , rails , and swallow , as well as one species of kingfisher and one species of crane .
21	the camera cuts to show him screwing up a piece of green card into a ball which turns into an origami crane and flies away as he opens his hands .
32	some of the birds endemic to the park are on the iucn and georgian red book list because they are verging on extinction in the area , including the black stork , crane and great white egret .
10	he runs his family 's waiblingen - based truck - crane and towing business , occasionally getting personally involved in recovering crashed trucks .
9	a new loading dock was also built and a crane was later provided .
66	in prison , his life was spared at the insistence of roman karmen , the soviet propagandist who directed all the main sequences illustrating the battle , from the viet minh raising the red flag over general de castries 's bunker staged a few weeks after the siege , to the french union pow column marching from dien bien phu to the re-education camp ( a crane was used for the shooting ) , that are featured in вьетнам ( '' vietnam '' , 1955 ) .
17	a spark caused by the flow of rf energy ( a high-frequency alternating current ) from the crane ( which act as antenna , exactly like the station 's mast radiator ) to other objects could trigger an explosion ) .
16	industrial radio remote control today radio control is used in industry for such devices as overhead crane and switchyard locomotive .
11	after eteläsatama was put solely to passenger traffic , the harbor crane and the track were dismantled in 1972 .
8	they may incorporate the names of animals ( crane , for example ) , trees or flowers , natural phenomena ( seasons , wind , the moon ) , or personal characteristics ( '' quiet , '' '' peaceful '' ) , or may be based on buddhist teachings .
27	the use of kangaroo wagons and wippenwagen remained restricted in the period from the 1960s to the 1980s , despite their utility in enabling horizontal cross-loading without crane , because at that time facilities for swap body cross-loading were still widely available in western europe .
20	it was at parkhead forge that james spotted young engineering manager ian macgregor who broke a strike by driving a crane himself for two weeks .
20	although its exact nature is unclear , the accounts of ancient historians seem to describe it as a sort of crane equipped with a grappling hook that was able to lift attacking ships partly out of the water , then either cause the ship to capsize or suddenly drop it .
34	the industrial site became disused in the late 1990s and turned into a new high-end area , though some of the original buildings and artifacts have been kept , including a canal and a crane .
5	she has a beautiful pet crane named '' shippu '' , which she later gives to motoko in the thirteenth volume after motoko finally defeats her .
7	the generic name means '' like a crane '' in chinese .
33	south korean athletes inbee park move fire to lee seung-yeop the torch was revealed in october 2013 , with the design motif based on the official bird of incheon metropolitan city , the crane , with the blue internal cylinder of torch signifying the sky and the ocean of incheon .
25	david blaine stands on a pole for vertigo in the middle of bryant park in new york vertigo on may 22 , 2002 , a crane lifted blaine onto a 100-foot ( 30 m ) high and 22-inch ( 0.56 m ) wide pillar in bryant park , new york city .
24	the objects included a dozen swords and scabbards , iron spearheads , a shield , ten bronze helmets and an iron bird ( a crane or swan is found on some lemovices items ) , 2 animal heads including a horse , one animal body in connection with the two hind legs , one foreleg , a cauldron , and seven carnyx ( a wind instrument of the iron age celts ) and including an almost complete war trumpet .
9	elephant , whale , manatee , sacred ibis , crane , eagle , gyrfalcons , rhinoceros hornbill , cheetah , leopard , african wild dogs ( lycaon pictus ) , caracal , baboon , eland , meerkat , gibbon , orangutan , penguin , panda , polar bear , lion , giant pacific manta ray , and saltwater crocodile are among the animals he has filmed and photographed .
16	white-tailed eagle , short-toed eagle , lesser spotted eagle , black kite , black stork , crane , black woodpecker , white-backed woodpecker and a lot of other rare birds breed here .
7	the mps ships are self-sustaining , with crane to unload at sea or pierside .
18	a collection of historical quarrying equipment is preserved within the country park , including a jaw crusher , crane and a stone saw , which was powered by a steam engine .
2	bulldozer , crane , grader , excavator , dump truck , loaders , and backhoes all see extensive use by military engineers .
1	the crane is a symbol of death in finnish literature .
20	a notable exception is in records of traditional japanese falconry , where goshawks were used more regularly on goose and crane species .
8	the company is concentrated on product high quality crane .
137	there are regional programs for the conservation of endangered species : americas : species survival plan ssp ( association of zoos and aquariums aza , canadian association of zoos and aquariums caza ) europe : european endangered species programme eep ( european association of zoos and aquaria eaza ) australasia : australasian species management program asmp ( zoo and aquarium association zaa ) africa : african preservation program app ( african association of zoological gardens and aquaria paazab ) japan : conservation activities of japanese association of zoos and aquariums jaza south asia : conservation activities of south asian zoo association for regional cooperation sazarc south east asia : conservation activities of south east asian zoos association seaza challenges captive breeding techniques are usually difficult to implement for highly mobile species like some migratory birds ( e.g. crane ) and fishes ( e.g. hilsa ) .
26	in 1934 the platforms were removed from the turrets and a catapult was installed on the roof of ` x ' turret , along with a crane to recover a seaplane .
10	a distinctive trait of the gemini center towers are two crane located on the buildings ' top , which are used for cleaning the glass panes that cover most of the towers ' external surface .
20	it is in fact a member of the gruiformes -- the order that includes the crake , rail , and crane , and a member of the genus grus .
14	the shallow waters of the inlet are a major stopover for the migratory european crane .
11	launching and recovery is accomplished with the assistance of a shipboard crane .
17	the five original anishinaabe totems were wawaazisii ( bullhead ) , baswenaazhi ( echo-maker , i.e. , crane ) , aan ` aawenh ( pintail duck ) , nooke ( tender , i.e. , bear ) and moozwaanowe ( '' little '' moose - tail ) .
28	roman technology a roman ballista pont du gard de architectura is important for its descriptions of many different machines used for engineering structures , such as hoists , crane , and pulleys , as well as war machines such as catapault , ballistae , and siege engine .
30	the film 's title appears in the opening credits only in the form of a giant character , as would be used in a sign , being transported by a crane .
13	dedicated to the study and conservation of the world 's 15 species of crane , the organization engages in conservation research , public education , and international conservation efforts .
9	it was assembled from seven pieces with the largest crane available in ireland and is the tallest street sculpture in the world .
34	split-pin lewis three-legged lewis roman three-legged lewis a lewis ( sometimes called a lewisson ) is one of a category of lifting devices used by stonemason to lift large stones into place with a crane , chain block , or winch .
19	when operated , it moves at 2 miles per hour ; to move it around the streets requires 16 crane , six forklift truck , eight cherry picker and 250 crew .
25	from there , they were brought in early morning hours through the holland tunnel to the construction site , and lifted into place by a crane .
18	as a result important all-year round roosting and breeding sites have been created for bustard , duck and crane .
39	the name cranberry derives from '' craneberry '' , first named by early european settlers in america who felt the expanding flower , stem , calyx , and petals resembled the neck , head , and bill of a crane .
9	animals animals at the zoo include mandarin duck , crane , red panda , chimpanzee , hamadryas baboon , reptile , lion , tiger , tanuki ( raccoon dogs ) , badger , pheasant , love bird , zebra , giraffe , flamingo , camel , ruffed lemur , white-mantled black colobus , black-capped capuchin , swan , duck , kagu , penguin , wallaby , deer , eagle , owl , condor , bear , and tokyo bitterling .
17	his business became the oldest family owned construction equipment distributor in the united states and the largest crane dealer in the southeast .
71	once again , the story strays away from the established , albeit loose , continuity of the original spider-ham stories by altering the character 's origin and supporting characters , most notably in establishing peter porker as a natural-born pig bitten by a radioactive spider ( directly mirroring spider-man 's origin ) and altering his love interest ( a counterpart of mary jane watson ) from a water buffalo to a crane .
22	in 1932 the platforms were removed from the turrets and a trainable catapult was installed on her quarterdeck , along with a crane to recover a seaplane .
36	in the nearby cabbagetown area , a brick loft building ( well known for the fire that occurred there in 1999 , during its renovation from the fulton bag and cotton mills , in which the crane operator was rescue by helicopter during live tv news coverage ) lost part of its roof , and part of the top ( fifth ) floor .
32	the history of the area as a shipyard is preserved ; the dry dock , many of the company buildings and even some of the shipbuilding equipment ( such as a large crane ) is still present .
17	cena won the match and retained the wwe championship after pinning khali following an fu off a crane onto the arena floor .
27	in the 18th and 19th centuries it was the busiest port in the world , with wharves extending continuously along the thames for , and over 1,500 crane handling 60,000 ship per year .
16	a catapult was fitted between the mainmast and turret no. 3 in mid-1933 , a collapsible crane was installed in a portside sponson , and the ship was equipped to operate two or three floatplanes , although no hangar was provided .
4	some lumber/timber yards use crane to move logs , and sprinklers to keep the logs moist .
14	buffalo ) : the bpz3 armoured recovery vehicle includes both a bulldozer and a crane with integral winch , allowing it to approach damaged vehicles , even over rough and fought-over terrain , and tow them to safety .
4	march 15 a construction crane falls on a residential building in manhattan , killing four people and injuring at least 17 .
8	for this purpose , a 25 tonne capacity crane is fitted .
18	it manufactures heavy-duty truck , bus , trolleybus , road tractor and semi-trailer for semi-trailer truck , and crane .
4	during construction , a crane at the site fell onto eilat street below , killing two workers and injuring eight others .
10	upstream of the manjeera lake , a large number of crane and barheaded geese .
8	at this stage a small '' creeper '' crane was installed in each leg , designed to move up the tower as construction progressed and making use of the guides for the lifts which were to be fitted in each leg .
18	cranes the hybrid technology developed for the locomotives is also being deployed for other applications , like container crane ( rtg ) used in port terminals ( trademarked '' ecopower '' ) .
12	each immortal flew from his mountain home on the back of a crane .
1	mobile crane were deployed at 21 : 27 to lift concrete slabs .
22	animal life the trail is home to numerous forms of wildlife , among them : bird , such as blue herons , crane , woodpecker , red-tailed hawk , and peregrine falcon .
8	in may 2009 , a part of the crane on the north tower collapsed after it was overloaded .
7	; auspicious birds and beasts : mandarin crane ( '' tsuru '' ) and turtle with trailing tail of algae ( minogame ) represent longevity and good fortune .
23	there is a tiled goldfish pond against one wall of the living room , and a plaque above it with and image of crane .
7	birds in the show includes owl , crane , hornbill , macaw , kookaburra , toucan , vulture , in an open air auditorium .
22	fem is organised in product groups that reflect the various industries under the materials handling heading : conveyors for bulk handling , crane and lifting equipment , elevating equipment , intralogistic systems , industrial trucks , mobile elevating work platforms , and racking and shelving .
32	author moons about cornflower-blue skies , frosty air to breathe in deeply , ice-flowers on winter window glass , snow to fall on the chest , birch trees , boundless snowfield , crane flying wedges , summarizing it all with the question : '' oh , dear homeland !
41	in the 1990s they used a type of automatic mixture rebreather which is so heavy that on surfacing after a dive even a very physically fit naval diver preferred to remove the rebreather while still in the water and have it crane out separately .
26	nebraska 30 january while crossing the great plains of nebraska and south dakota , bill witnesses one of the great wildlife spectacles - millions of migrating crane .
11	as the instrument made a noise somewhat like that of a crane 's bill , the bird was called crotalistria , '' player on crotala '' .
18	among migratory species : wild duck , hoopoe , red heron , egret , ash colored heron , crane , stork , kite and tit .
19	other birds in the area include the peregrine falcon , piping plover , roseate spoonbill , long-billed curlew , crane , egret and the brown pelican .
3	auk cock cormorant crane dove duck without beak or legs is called the merlette eagle , usually displayed , i.e. with wings spread alerion : eagle without beak or feet double-headed eagle falcon goose gull or seagull hawk heron magpie : otton de cazeneuve bore '' or , three magpies sable '' at falkirk .
11	a mechane ( ; , mēkhanē ) or machine was a crane used in greek theatre , especially in the 5th and 4th centuries bc .
12	originally , designers planned to make the main terminal resemble an origami crane from above , but this plan was abandoned due to cost .
26	recent history cranes in the port of oakland one of the main limitations to growth was the inability to transfer containers to rail lines , all crane historically operating between ocean vessel and truck .
8	among the animals , the gibbon and the crane were considered experts at inhaling the qi .
44	the humid area of the circeo park includes four coastal salt lakes : paola , caprolace , monaci and fogliano , which are what remains of the pontine marshes and currently are home to a vast wildlife of aquatic birds ( cattle egret , crane , goose , northern lapwing , skylark , curlew ) , as well as to rare species such as the marsh turtle .
6	marion 's last name is '' crane .
21	its genus is presently monotypic and seems to be closely related to the similar genus allopyge , found in old world crane .
88	fauna in general , animals that have typical habitat of the plateau , such as : european rabbit , tree squirrel , hedgehog , common vole , partridge , bustard , stork , little bustard , barn swallow , european robin , cuckoo , common nightingale , columbidae , eurasian magpie , duck , greylag goose , sparrow , perez 's frog , frog , lizard , montagu 's harrier , western marsh harrier , hen harrier , peregrine falcon , short-toed snake eagle , lesser kestrel , crane , pin-tailed sandgrouse , geoffroy 's bat , trout , common carp , crayfish , otter , shrew , leporidae , roe deer , wild boar , fox , gray wolf .
18	mascot name : unitan artist : osamu tezuka the mascot of the kobe universiade is a red-crested white crane which is symbolic of japan .
3	at last the crane agreed to try and , putting its long bill down the wolf 's throat , loosened the bone and took it out .
5	lot polish airlines : a crane , originally designed by tadeusz gronowski in 1929 .
17	her parents were erma ( née haines ) and cassius edwin fiste , who was the city crane operator .
10	north central airlines : a duck singapore airlines : a crane silkair : a seagull .
14	dennett contrasts theories of complexity that require such miracles with those based on '' crane '' , structures that permit the construction of entities of greater complexity but are themselves founded solidly '' on the ground '' of physical science .
6	over the next two weeks a crane and wrecking ball were used to complete the demolition .
3	up to 10,000 crane stop over on the reservoir and large flocks of larks and finches may be seen passing through .
7	the airline 's logo was a stylised crane , designed by professor otto firle .
25	there was no additional cable to allow trains to reach the depot ; instead , they were transferred to and from the running lines by crane operating over a pit at the govan workshops .
3	iran uses a crane to jerk the noose upward violently .
7	legend says that wiisagejaak ( the '' crane manidoo '' ) used to hunt for food , found '' big beaver '' that lived on the pipestone river and chased '' big beaver '' and its baby beaver to this area .
3	paper cranes the crane , a traditional symbol of luck in japan , was popularized as a peace symbol by the story of sadako sasaki ( 1943 -- 1955 ) , a girl who died as a result of the atomic bomb exploded over hiroshima in 1945 .
12	during her modernization in the 1930s , a catapult and a collapsible crane were fitted on the stern , and the ship was equipped to operate three floatplane , although no hangar was provided .
5	the port 's facilities include crane , large berth , and warehouses , but these facilities are in universally poor shape .
32	once the home has reached its location , the axles and the tongue of the frame are then removed , and the home is set on a concrete foundation by a large crane .
8	darwin 's dangerous idea makes extensive use of crane as an analogy .
15	a gib or gib-arm is the horizontal or near-horizontal beam used in many types of crane to support the load clear of the main support .
4	bird species include the crane , which has only recently started to breed in the area , bittern , little grebe , red-necked grebe , teal , snipe and curlew .
0	crane provide a well-known example .