8	description women sorting dammar seeds in west-preanger , java .
8	jaikoz is commercially licensed software , written in java 1.5 by paul taylor .
23	it covers an area of 136.7 km ² in the indian ocean about 2,360 km north-west of perth and 500 km south of java in indonesia .
14	uses doxygen can be used with c , c++ , c# , fortran , java , objective-c , php , python , idl ( corba , tcl and microsoft flavors ) , vhdl , and to some extent d .
20	with version 3.0 , the system was completely rebuilt and is now available as a component-oriented application developed in the java programming language .
10	properties daikon can detect properties in c , c++ , java , perl , and ioa programs , as well as spreadsheet files or other data sources .
12	dendrobium capra is a species of orchid endemic to the island of java in indonesia .
19	anant altekar mentions that sati spread with hindu migrants to southeast asian islands as well , such as to java , sumatra and bali other hindu-influenced cultures where reports of sati has come are from cambodia and mergui in present day burma ( myanmar ) .
37	silverman was part of a team that reverse-engineered the mos technology 6502 and intel 4004 microprocessors and developed transistor-level emulators for them , and that ported spacewar! , one of the earliest digital computer games , to java , by writing another emulator for the pdp-1 on which the game was originally written .
9	habenaria medusa is a species of orchid endemic to java , sumatra , sulawesi and borneo .
17	its flagship product , the apache directory server , is an embeddable directory server entirely written in java .
11	it is found from india to the philippines , sulawesi and java .
8	objects with lock ( e.g. , as in java and c# ) can be modeled as a serializer , provided that their implementations are such that messages can continually arrive ( perhaps by being stored in an internal queue ) .
11	the most elaborate stupa is the 8th century borobudur monument in java , indonesia .
40	although the ground echelon arrived in singapore , by the time the air echelon , aboard hms indomitable , was within flying off range , there were no airfields left in british hands , so the squadron flew off to java on 27 january 1942 .
19	from volcan ello , sardinia and roccamonfina similar rocks are obtained ; they occur also in bohemia , in java , celebes , kilimanjaro ( africa ) and near trebizond in asia minor .
8	the alfresco content-management system includes jlan , a java implementation of an smb server .
29	the american lawyer chose robert van nest as its litigator of the week in 2012 for defeating oracle corporation in its multi-billion dollar intellectual property battle with google over java technology .
16	despite the large and dwarf forms , four subspecies are known : g. v. variegatus ( java ) , g. v. temminckii ( sumatra ) , g. v. borneanus ( borneo ) , and g. v. peninsulae ( peninsular malaysia and mainland of southeast asia ) incorporating on the genetic species concept due to geographic isolation and genetic divergence .
19	the company soon established its first trading post in the east indies , at bantam on the island of java , and others , beginning with surat , on the coasts of what is now india and bangladesh .
9	1st military area command , overseeing western part of java , manned by 1st infantry division , commanded by maj gen w. schilling .
40	the industry flourished in southern and eastern africa between 2.6 and 1.7 million years ago , but was also spread out of africa and into eurasia by traveling bands of h. erectus , who took it as far east as java by 1.8 million years ago and northern china by 1.6 million years ago .
30	early career macario remains the first and only italian computer programmer to set two world records by solving problems of the acm international collegiate programming contest ( ansi c and java ) .
17	it is an collection of open source libraries for high performance scientific and technical computing written in java .
10	software the wiring ide is a cross-platform application written in java which is derived from the ide made for the processing programming language .
3	the software is java based .
25	an alternative lobby , tasclient , is written in delphi , and there are lobby servers - used to organize multi-player games - written in java and python .
41	the names of many of these frameworks are a variation on '' sunit '' , usually substituting the '' s '' for the first letter ( or letters ) in the name of their intended language ( '' junit '' for java , '' runit '' for r etc. ) .
20	at ibm , cuomo has led projects in the areas of mobile and cloud computing , web application servers , java , tcp/ip , real-time collaboration software , and high-performance transactional systems .
1	on java , nearly everyone identifies with islam , but most people practice agama jawa , javanese religion , or javanese islam .
6	r statistical service beanshell script ( java - like script language ) external tools on remote machines ( via ssh ) xpath xml data extraction importing data from microsoft excel spreadsheets and other .
0	java applications can embed it as library , use it as a service in wildfly or any non-java applications can use it as remote service through tcp/ip .
8	) some garbage-collected object-oriented languages , such as java and python , feature weak references .
7	for example , in different parts of java the dishes are adapted to local culture and taste , in return chinese indonesians reside in this region also had developed a taste for local cuisine .
9	unlike other early application server competitors , netdynamics chose java as the development language for the platform .
8	this document mentions a leader of medang in java .
15	; pojos and pocos : pojos and pocos are technical implementation concepts , specific to java and the .net framework respectively .
41	see also here for a slide presentation by eric s. roberts ( '' the allocation of memory to variables '' , chapter 7 ) - illustrating the use of stack and heap memory usage when summing three rational number in the java object-oriented language .
20	after a brief stay at that port , she called at makassar before receiving orders to proceed to surabaya , java , in the netherlands east indies , where she spent christmas .
12	java-based operating systems given that oracle's ( formerly sun microsystems ' ) java is today one of the most dominant object-oriented languages , it is no surprise that java-based operating systems have been attempted .
24	afterwards he was employed in the plantations of the same company 's factories and became a director of the sugar estate of minggiran in java in 1935 .
17	it is found in china ( shandong , yunnan ) , indonesia ( sumatra , nias , java , bali , borneo , sulawesi , the moluccas , ambon island , buru , lombok , dammer , aru ) , timor , the philippines , new guinea and australia ( western australia and queensland ) .
16	while australian forces succeeded in occupying the outer islands with minimal resistance , british forces in java and sumatra were challenged by a nascent indonesian republic led by sukarno and hatta .
8	officially supported languages for development and deployment are java , php , python and ruby via the open buildpack api originally developed by heroku .
13	opends software is a free , open source directory service , written in java , and developed as part of the opends project .
4	redberry is written in java and provides extensive groovy - based programming language .
5	in 1931 hoogerwerf moved to java in the dutch east indies ( now indonesia ) , where he worked at the bogor botanical gardens .
7	for example , if a third party java library implements a class you are not allowed to modify , you can not use an instance of the class in place of an interface you have defined yourself , whereas duck typing would allow this .
22	the british east india company opened a trading post in bantam on the first voyage in 1601 and imports of pepper from java were an important part of the company 's trade for twenty years .
16	papilio karna is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus papilio that is found in java , sumatra , borneo and the philippines .
9	alternative uses possibly because its code is based on java and thus is easy to modify , jake2 has been used for several experiments : in 2006 , it was used to experiment playing 3d games with eye tracking .
29	it is able to edit and save many different file types , and has syntax highlighting support for many popular programming languages including c , c++ , lisp , java , python , php , ruby , html , xml , css , prolog , idl and d .
11	in the early 20th century , many young minangkabaus migrated to java and europe as students .
77	programming languages with printf ampl awk ( via sprintf ) bourne shell ( sh ) and derivatives such as korn shell ( ksh ) , bourne again shell ( bash ) , or z shell ( zsh ) c c++ ( also provides overloaded shift operators and manipulators as an alternative for formatted output - see iostream and iomanip ) objective-c clojure common lisp d f# gnu mathprog gnu octave g ( labview ) go haskell j java ( since version 1.5 ) clojure scala lua ( string .
24	kampala and tororo in uganda have each been mentioned as the most thunderous places on earth , a claim also made for bogor on java , indonesia and singapore .
11	also in 1616 , two ships were sent from saint-malo to java .
15	wonosari is the administrative center of gunung kidul regency , in yogyakarta special region on java , indonesia .
10	these modules could be implemented in different ways : on java - based eai systems , these could be web application or ejbs or even pojo that conform to the eai system 's specifications .
12	model 2 is a complex design pattern used in the design of java web application which separates the display of content from the logic used to obtain and manipulate the content .
20	it 's developed in a rdf - aware dynamic language , adenine , built for this project on top of java .
5	the second was against dutch-owned java , but occupied by the french .
5	the cea perspective is that java is not efficient for ce devices , and that cable companies are passing to ce manufacturers the costs of a software platform which they did n't need , and which wo n't run on their existing hardware architectures .
32	foundation of the dynasty a series of wars and clashes between the adipati ( dukes ) followed the death of the last sultan of demak bintoro , the first islamic kingdom in java .
11	kopi luwak is produced mainly on the islands of sumatra , java , bali and sulawesi in the indonesia archipelago .
21	it contains only one known species , peronema canescens , native to thailand , malaysia , borneo , sumatra , and java .
3	1948 map of java showing the van mook line after the renville agreement .
9	he was captain in the army at japara on java and from 1692 in malabar in south-west india .
11	the japanese appointed 59 members , representing the major groups in java and madura .
4	synth is a skinnable java look and feel , which is configured with an xml property file .
12	sukamulya is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
6	it is found in indonesia ( java ) , china ( guangdong ) , taiwan , malaysia , the philippines , mauritius , hawaii , madagascar and réunion .
18	single precision is known as real in fortran , as float in c , c++ , c# , java , as float in haskell , and as single in delphi ( pascal ) , visual basic , and matlab .
57	use of vlc with other programs api several apis can connect to vlc and use its functionality : libvlc api -- the vlc core , for c and c++ vlckit -- an objective-c framework for mac os x javascript api -- the evolution of activex api and firefox integration d-bus controls go binding c# interface python controls java api directshow filters delphi/pascal api : paslibvlc by : '' robert jędrzejczyk '' free pascal bindings and an oop wrapper component , via the libvlc .
2	netbeans / java this is a professional level platform .
8	once the main dutch force had returned to java , the local balinese ruler jelantik refused to pay the agreed settlement to the dutch and endeavored to unite balinese forces against them .
6	unchecked exceptions ( such as the java objects and ) remain unhandled .
5	they took the cannon to java , where it stayed until 1795 , when it was given to acheh and brought to kuala selangor .
21	however , there is no record of a substantial collection reaching holland , and somehow these two specimens ended up at java where they remained for over seventy years .
14	checkstyle is a static code analysis tool used in software development for checking if java source code complies with coding rules .
34	programming language and assemblers which have known self-hosting implementations include ada , basic , c , c++ , c# , coffeescript , dylan , f# , fasm , forth , gambas , haskell , java , lisp , modula-2 , ocaml , oberon , pascal , python , rust , scala , smalltalk , vala , and visual basic .
11	indonesia in indonesia , there is a similar headdress worn in java , which is known as the blangkon .
20	usage in programming languages this usage follows from design choices embedded in many influential programming language , including c , java , and lisp .
4	paul tosari was one java evangelist based in surabaya .
4	the server is a java application deployable on the following operating systems : linux , mac os x , solaris , unix , and windows .
62	several religious movements contributed to the historical development of religion at angkor : indigenous religious cults , including those centered on worship of the ancestors and of the lingam ; a royal cult of personality , identifying the king with the deity , characteristic not only of angkor , but of other indic civilizations in southeast asia , such as champa and java ; hinduism , especially shaivism , the form of hinduism focussed on the worship of shiva and the lingam as the symbol of shiva , but also vaishnavism , the form of hinduism focussed on the worship of vishnu ; buddhism , in both its mahayana and theravada varieties .
8	during his time in office the british invaded java .
15	it is found from the himalaya to japan , taiwan , burma , borneo and java .
20	caryota mitis , the clustering fishtail palm , is a species of palm native to southeast asia from india to java to southern china , now sparingly naturalized in southern florida and in parts of africa and latin america .
1	in java , indonesia , sea turtle eggs were a popular delicacy .
8	a magnitude 6.8 earthquake struck the south of java , indonesia , that occurred on april 3 , killing one person .
20	chet-c ( the chapel hill electronic text-converter ) , an application originally written in vba , then as a free-standing java app , and now available as a self-contained javascript platform written by hugh cayless .
27	barry had a strong finish to 2008 , winning both the semen gresik widjojo soejono junior championships in surabaya and the solo open international junior championships in java in november .
7	it is found in the philippines , java , new guinea , china ( hainan ) and palau .
7	contub is a software project written in java which runs on windows , mac os x , linux and unix operating systems through any java-enabled web browser .
11	later , whippoorwill screened tulsa as the two ships proceeded for java .
13	as chief factor of the british east india company 's trading post in java , saris ' mission was primarily one of seeking trade .
103	other user-facing applications with support for essbase databases include : hyperion analyzer ( aka hyperion system 9 bi + web analysis ) hyperion reports ( aka hyperion system 9 bi + financial reporting ) hyperion enterprise reporting hyperion intelligence ( aka hyperion system 9 bi + interactive reporting ) hyperion sqr ( aka hyperion system 9 bi + production reporting ) alphablox arcplan dynasight ( aka arcplan enterprise ) oracle business intelligence suite enterprise edition ( aka obiee , siebel analytics ) the previous offerings from hyperion acquired new names as given below : api are available for c , visual basic and java , and embedded scripting support is available for perl .
25	features syntax highlighting for many languages ( batch , bash , c / c++ , c# , css , d , diff , idl , java , javascript , lua , html , makefiles , perl , python , php , ruby , sql , xml ) plaintext - and regexp - based text search/replacement line numbers text wrapping autocomplete auto-indent bracket matching current line highlighting saving/restoring of named sessions line markers character encoding selection customizable gui brazilian portuguese , chinese ( simplified ) , czech , english , french , german , polish , russian and spanish translations .
6	the complete toolset is written in java and uses ecmascript as a scripting language .
10	azul systems also implemented hardware transactional memory to accelerate their java appliances , but this was similarly hidden from outsiders .
21	after sun in 1994 , naughton quit sun for starwave ( then a property of paul allen ) to develop server java applications for web sites .
110	neural network architectures adaline neural network adaptive resonance theory 1 ( art1 ) bidirectional associative memory ( bam ) boltzmann machine counterpropagation neural network ( cpn ) elman recurrent neural network neuroevolution of augmenting topologies ( neat ) feedforward neural network ( perceptron ) hopfield neural network jordan recurrent neural network radial basis function network recurrent self organizing map ( rsom ) self organizing map ( kohonen ) training techniques backpropagation resilient propagation ( rprop ) scaled conjugate gradient ( scg ) levenberg–marquardt algorithm manhattan update rule propagation competitive learning hopfield learning genetic algorithm training instar training outstar training adaline training see also joone : another neural network programmed in java fann , a neural network written in c with bindings to most other languages .
25	significantly , oracle , previously only a software vendor , now owned both hardware and software product lines from sun ( e.g. sparc enterprise and java , respectively ) .
20	fecb also cooperated with kamer 14 ( room 14 ) , the dutch unit at the bandung technical college in java .
13	the problem of building and integrating adequate front ends for conventional languages ( java , c++ , php , ... ) may be of equal difficulty as building the program transformation system itself because of the complexity of such languages .
10	distribution the bold-striped tit-babbler is found in borneo , and java .
27	musa salaccensis , commonly called javanese wild banana , is a malesia tropical species of plant in the banana family native to the islands of sumatra and java , in indonesia .
9	'' most river names in the sundanese portion of java , indonesia start with the prefix ci - , which is sundanese for '' river '' .
3	implementation written in java , tweaker is a stand-alone desktop application which includes optional remote desktop and web client capabilities .
26	848 santa maría del naranco built in oviedo as part of a palace complex of ramiro i king of asturias c. 850 prambanan temple built in java .
12	roast beef is partial to unix and his preferred programming language is java .
22	it is found in china ( hong kong ) , india ( sikkim , assam ) , bhutan , burma and on java .
19	in our earlier generation solution , we took a cautious decision to bind it specifically to amazon and chose java as the primary language of choice .
2	starting in java , it gradually extended its range across the indonesian archipelago .
18	antiaris toxicaria for example , a tree of the mulberry and breadfruit family , is commonly used on java and its neighbouring islands .
10	omegat+ -- free computer assisted translation tools platform cross-platform ( java ) .
4	ec2box is written in java ( server side ) and javascript ( client ) .
10	a thesis on indo-malayan tortricidae completed , he returned to java in 1939 to take up a post as an entomologist at a sugar plantations and industries research station .
7	april 15 , 2006 indonesia gubug , java , 13 people die and 26 are injured as two trains collide and wreckage falls into a paddy field .
6	for instance : a 15-year old java girl was hung from a cross for hours .
8	then he flew his b-17 flying fortress to java in the dutch east indies , where his squadron had been diverted in an attempt to stem the japanese advance .
21	the javan surili ( presbytis comata ) is an endangered species of old world monkey endemic to the western half of java , indonesia , a biodiversity hotspot .
21	project management for different project types , such as automake , cmake , qmake for qt based projects and ant for java based projects .
16	university researchers helped develop ucsd pascal , an early machine-independent programming language that later heavily influenced java , the national science foundation network , a precursor to the internet , and the network news transfer protocol during the late 1970s to 1980s .
22	he pursued economics at gadjah mada university where he immersed himself with leftist student movements and started to organize peasants movements in java .
16	the programming model is based on web development languages and standards including javascript , ajax , java , the dojo toolkit , server-side javascript and javaserver faces .
29	megophrys montana ( asian horned frog , horned frog , asian spadefoot toad , javan horned frog , malayan leaf frog ) is a species of frog found in java and possibly sumatra .
4	the padjitanian culture from java was traditionally thought to be the only oriental culture to manufacture hand axes .
7	this company supports the operating system : java , c , c++ , oracle , asp , linux , unix , windows nt .
1	in java cultural history , empires yielded some distinct grades of language , each grade representing the social grade of the speakers ( mainly nobles and populaces ) .
22	reinwardt was the founder ( 1817 ) and first director of agriculture of the botanic garden at bogor ( buitenzorg ) in java .
29	range the butterfly occurs in india from assam , the khasi hills , eastwards and across to north and south myanmar , thailand , peninsular malaysia , singapore , java , borneo , sumatra , sulawesi and nias .
19	in other languages , semicolons are called terminator s and are required after every statement ( such as in java , and the c family ) .
22	with the approval and initial assistance of dragon 's eye productions , adam maloy and christopher howard wolf converted the game to java and added a storyline , along with new features and new artwork .
4	presently windows mobile and java based phones are also supported through the program .
16	warren was part of the british force which captured the city , and the island of java , in 1811 .
14	mount muria or gunung muria is a dormant volcano on the north coast of java , indonesia .
6	it is found on seram and java and in southern india ( palnis and khasis ) .
3	activejdbc is a java implementation of the active record design pattern developed by igor polevoy .
16	spark is a free and open source software web application framework and domain-specific language written in java .
11	gluonj is a simple aspect-oriented programming ( aop ) extension for java .
15	it is found in coastal and estuarine habitats in southeast asia , where documented from java , borneo , singapore , the philippines and thailand .
11	jcsp is a blending of csp and occam concepts in a java thread support api .
20	` of course , the men cheerfully aid by free advice and directions ' she added ironically '' ) ; java , where a journey to a temple was two hundred miles by slow rail ; kashmir ; new zealand , a place she said she would have chosen to live other than america ; siam , a place that was very difficult to reach at that time ; the sandwich islands , where the japanese consul-general acted as her interpreter ; singapore , where she noted that '' thirty different languages are spoken '' ; south africa , en route to which , she climbed the mast in a divided skirt alongside the captain and another man .
21	adisucipto ( or adisutjipto ) international airport ( ) is the principal airport serving the yogyakarta area on the island of java , indonesia .
22	the explosives were later moved to the south sumatra town of lubuk linggau before being taken to jakarta on the island of java .
2	html or java format ) it mixes a promotional text with a journalistic one , but it will also have technical details like minimum requirements , etc. .
22	in 1879 he was appointed coeditor and later chief editor of the newspaper de locomotief ( the locomotive ) in semarang on java , and became editor-in-chief of indisch vaderland in 1883 .
12	they must submit solutions as programs in c , c++ , or java .
13	four principalities in western sumbawa were dependencies of the majapahit empire of eastern java .
28	his father , a ship 's captain , intended his son for trade , but this humdrum prospect disgusted him , and in 1838 he went out to java and obtained a post as a civil servant .
4	mukherji managed to reach java in the dutch east indies , where he stayed until the end of 1919 , living under the name of dar shaheer .
18	sofcheck inspector -- static detection of logic errors , race condition , and redundant code for ada and java ; automatically extracts pre / postcondition from code .
11	mount kiaraberes-gagak or mount perbakti-gagak is the western most volcano on java island .
7	jad files are commonly used to package java applications or games that can be downloaded to mobile phones .
3	the provinces of java range from 5 % christian up to 12 % in the capital jakarta .
8	it will also generate gui front-end clients in java visual basic 6 clients active server pages web service for microsoft iis asp.net vb.net in addition to compiling generated code and deploying databases to correspond with the specification .
46	however , its use is not strictly limited to the gnu operating system ; it is a portable debugger that runs on many unix-like systems and works for many programming language , including ada , c , c++ , objective-c , free pascal , fortran , java and partially others .
11	it is found in southern thailand , malaysia , sumatra , java , sulawesi , papua and new guinea , vanuatu , and the solomon islands .
3	there are also java implementations of x servers .
10	roberts ( p. 171 ) gives a related example in java , using a class to represent a stack frame .
37	he traveled in mexico , under a commission from the french ministry of education , in 1857-1861 ; in madagascar in 1863 ; in south america , particularly chile and argentina , in 1875 ; and in java and australia in 1878 .
36	the japanese 7th area army was formed on march 19 , 1944 under the southern expeditionary army group for the specific task of opposing landings by allied forces in japanese-occupied malaya , singapore and borneo , java , sumatra and to consolidate a new defense line after the loss of the solomon islands , new guinea and eastern portions of the netherlands east indies .
23	her husband was the oil heir and subsequent philanthropist john paul getty , jr . early life talitha dina pol was born in java , then part of the dutch east indies ( now indonesia ) .
45	symphony sdk sample client program developed using symphony apis developers construct their own client ( send requests , collects results ) and service ( accepts requests , performs computation , returns responses ) using symphony apis in the language of their choice ( c++ , java , c# , com api ) .
15	the commercial tree is most heavily cultivated in the rainforests of asia , notably in java ( hence its nicknames ) , philippines , malaysia , hainan island in china as well as in south america .
6	also jambi ( sumatra ) and java .
5	other influences include borodin and java gamelan music .
13	electric is currently part of the gnu project and has been developed in java and distributed as free and open-source software , subject to the requirements of the gnu general public license ( gpl ) , version 3 or any later .
1	a java version called '' ersatz picolisp '' was released in december 2010 .
5	it is found in western java .
53	as the portuguese battles in the indian ocean against muslim powers raged on , ternate became a site of interest especially for the ottomans , who had gained much information about maritime southeast asia from the sultanate of aceh , and in fact kurtoğlu hızır reis the ottoman admiral intended to reach both java , borneo and ternate but was engaged in pitched battle and was outnumbered against the portuguese fleet in sumatra .
7	it is found in brunei and on java .
11	distribution indonesia ( sumatra , bangka , borneo / kalimantan , java ) , malaysia and brunei ( malaya and east malaysia ) ; borneo , singapore island , burma ( myanmar ) , thailand ( including phuket ) , laos , cambodia , vietnam , india ( assam , arunachal pradesh ( miao - changlang district , chessa , chimpu , itanagar - papum pare district ) ( a. captain , pers .
19	technology focus the company is a microsoft gold certified partner and member of sun advantage program with .net and java r & d centers .
13	it contains only one species , tasenia nigromaculalis , which is found on java .
1	using java or similar technology , graphical versions of boards and counters can be manipulated in cyberspace as if a manual version of the game was being played .
18	karel + + is conceptually based on karel , but uses a completely new syntax , similar to java .
11	some also believe that he was wounded engaging the french in java in august 1811 .
32	heroku , one of the first cloud platforms , has been in development since june 2007 , when it supported only the ruby programming language , but has since added support for java , node.js , scala , clojure , python and php and ( undocumented ) perl .
27	workers from various ethnic and social backgrounds , including people from vanuatu , french polynesia , réunion island in the indian ocean , india , malaysia , java ( indonesia ) and as far away as west africa and the west indies , as well thousands of french convicts worked the land in and around the mission .
24	filed in u.s. district court in san francisco , oracle alleged that the android technology google developed for smartphones and tablets infringed oracle 's java api patents .
7	it is found on peninsular malaysia , java , borneo and nias .
32	in smalltalk , objective-c , .net , python , realbasic , and swift they are called dictionaries ; in perl , ruby and seed7 they are called hashes ; in c++ , java , go , clojure , scala , ocaml , haskell they are called maps ( see map ( c++ ) , unordered map ( c++ ) , and ) ; in common lisp and windows powershell , they are called hash tables ( since both typically use this implementation ) .
29	distribution and ecology it has been recorded from panama , the canary islands and madeira , sierra leone and perhaps elsewhere in africa , the seychelles , india , java , and the hawaiian islands , samoa and the marquesas islands ( at least on hiva oa ) in the pacific .
16	by contrast , xquery syntax is more suitable for embedding in traditional programming languages such as java or c# .
5	architecture iccube is implemented in java and follows j2ee standards .
5	society children studying quran in java during dutch colonial periods a mosque in bukittinggi , with traditional minangkabau roof architecture to a significant degree , the striking variations in the practice and interpretation of islam -- in a much less austere form than that practiced in the middle east -- in various parts of indonesia reflect its complex history .
1	unlike java , unrealscript is case-insensitive , and does not have object wrappers for primitive types .
6	google provides gdata client libraries for java , javascript , .net , php , python , and objective-c .
21	the officers and european crew from talthybius formed part of the crew of , which took 600 refugees form singapore to java , indonesia and then towed from tanjung priok , indonesia to freemantle , australia .
17	six days later , in an attempt to repeat this success , the force departed surabaja , java , to intercept an enemy convoy concentration at kendari .
23	the only known specimens of this anomalous hominid were retrieved from sites along the bengawan solo river , on the indonesia island of java .
11	for even wider scope , from bandar lampung on sumatra to java to denpasar on bali lies a near '' continual '' series of cities broken by some straits that potentially qualify as a megalopolis .
11	for c++ , in the library for c# , at for java , in the library for matlab , in the package for perl , in the module for python , in the networkx library for r , in package see also dijkstra 's algorithm , an algorithm for finding single-source shortest paths in a more restrictive class of inputs , graphs in which all edge weights are non-negative johnson 's algorithm , an algorithm for solving the same problem as the floyd -- warshall algorithm , all pairs shortest paths in graphs with some edge weights negative .
15	the prambanan temple complex hundreds of ancient stone religious monuments lie on the island of java .
12	malay pilots , either recruited or forcibly conscripted , guided them via java , the lesser sundas and ambon to run , arriving in early 1512 .
2	as with java only one of two expressions is ever evaluated .
10	although most traditional malay dances were influenced by india , java and other parts of southeast asia , mak yong 's singing and musical repertoire are unique .
2	written in java , ew encrypts all file types for data-at-rest and data-in-transit protection .
22	each of these various regions had its own subspecies of gallus gallus , including : g. g. gallus indochina g. g. bankiva java g. g. jabouillei vietnam g. g. murghi india g. g. spadiceus burma g. g. domesticus ( domestic chicken ) sexual dimorphism male and female birds show very strong sexual dimorphism .
12	there is a version programmed in perl and another one programmed in java .
13	programing languages to be covered include ; html , css , javascript , java and node.js .
14	these ancient people also split with some heading to sulawesi and others progressing into java , and sumatra , all of which now speaks languages that belongs to the austronesian language family .
13	operation transom was a major bombing raid on japan targets at surabaya , java by american and british planes on 17 may 1944 during world war ii .
11	she was later reburied in the dutch war grave cemetery in java in 1951 .
16	in 1911 , he was the u.s. representative to the international fibre congress in surabaya , java .
12	participating clubs will be divided 12 groups based on their regions in java , kalimantan , sulawesi , sumatera and papua .
32	one siamese chronicle states that anawrahta 's armies invaded the khmer kingdom and sacked the city of angkor , and another one goes so far as to say that anawrahta even visited java to receive his tribute .
4	after the occupation of java , natori participated in the battle of christmas island .
7	it is unclear if they remain in java .
1	, java , sulawesi ) , ; china ( hong kong ) , singapore , india , ; indochina west to myanmar ( = burma ) , vietnam , thailand , laos , cambodia , ; australia ( cook islands ) type locality : hong kong .
25	the e10 class 0-10-0rt e1060 which was originally delivered to west sumatra in the 1960s for working the coal railway , but was brought to java , later returned again to sawahlunto , and a conventional locomotive 2-6-0t c1218 which was restored to working order in 2006 , but transferred to solo to working as tourist train , named sepur kluthuk jaladara .
9	h2 is a relational database management system written in java .
26	tobacco mixed with opium was called madak ( or madat ) and became popular throughout china and its seafaring trade partners ( such as taiwan , java , and the philippines ) in the 17th century .
4	it was written in java .
12	phyllocnistis humiliella is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from java , indonesia .
19	php has a native boolean type , named '' boolean '' , similar to the native boolean types in java and c++ .
28	in the 7th century the maritime empire of srivijaya based on palembang , sumatra , rose to power , and its influence expanded to the malay peninsula and java .
21	a line from the west point of gedeh bay , kangean island , to tg sedano , the northeast extreme of java and down the east coast to tg bantenan , the southeast extreme of the island .
3	the musics of java , sumatra , bali , flores and other islands have been documented and recorded , and research by indonesian and international scholars is ongoing .
26	igeom igeom is freeware interactive geometry software hosted on the internet for learning and teaching geometry ( analog of gsp and cabri ) , written in java .
9	baluran is a stratovolcano located on the island of java .
5	raffles was appointed lieutenant-governor of java by minto during the 45-day operation , and crawfurd was appointed the post of resident at the court of yogyakarta in november 1811 .
18	- hawaii , eastern maui coprosma moorei f.muell. ex rodway - tasmania , victoria coprosma myrtifolia noronha - java coprosma x neglecta cheeseman - c. repens × c. rhamnoides - new zealand north island coprosma nephelephila j. florence - marquesas islands coprosma niphophila orchard - new zealand south island , new south wales coprosma nitida hook.f. - tasmania , victoria , new south wales coprosma nivalis w.r.b. oliv .
19	military career in 1942 he was assistant air officer commanding far east command and air officer commanding raf in java .
22	on 27 february 1942 , fubuki was assigned to '' operation j '' , covering forces landing on the western portion of java .
10	the dutch surrendered 8 march after japanese troops landed on java .
18	while a software engineer at sun microsystems ( 1997 -- 2001 ) , davidson created tomcat , a java based webserver application and the ant java‐based build tool .
8	composer dick lee found inspiration in bali , java and among his own peranakan heritage .
6	for example , consider the following java method call that does not use named parameters : window .
5	when the other ships left java , janszoon was sent to search for other outlets of trade , particularly in '' the great land of new guinea and other east and southlands '' .
6	then zwaardecroon introduced silk production into java as well as the production of vegetable dyes .
6	a tasty dish commonly found in java and bali , made from grilled spicy beef brisket with a distinctive milky taste , served with hot chilli sauce .
6	it is found on borneo , java , bali and lombok .
25	the state of pasundan ( indonesian and ) was a federal state ( negara bagian ) formed in the western part of indonesia island of java by the netherlands in 1948 as part of an attempt to reestablish the colony of the dutch east indies during the indonesian national revolution .
37	microsoft azure web sites is a platform as a service ( paas ) which allows publishing web apps running on multiple frameworks and written in different programming languages ( .net , node.js , php , python and java ) , including microsoft proprietary ones and 3rd party ones .
17	range the branded orange awlet is found in india , sri lanka , myanmar , malaysia , java , thailand and vietnam .
9	pyjamas is a port of google web toolkit from java to python .
8	the c standard runtime library and the core java packages are two examples of components of their respective core languages .
40	'' raef ventured into the classroom and taught computer programming in montgomery county public schools and was awarded '' cs teacher of the year '' for implementing creative lesson plans that included songs on how to program in c++ and java .
10	another , similar freeware tool used by aa419 was the java - based application muguito .
1	in java ayam bakar usually tastes rather sweet because the generous amount of sweet soy sauce either as marination or dipping sauce .
25	as a language interoperability tool , babel enables the arbitrary mixing of software libraries written in c / c++ , fortran , python , and java .
24	saxon : an xslt ( 2.0 and partial 3.0 ) and xquery 3.0 processor with open-source and proprietary versions for stand-alone operation and for java , javascript and .
19	the stars are weapons that , when used , display a bugged symbol consisting of a star and several java code snippets .
10	compsomantis tumidiceps is a species of praying mantis found in java , lombok , the philippine islands , sumatra , sumba , and timor .
25	at the time of the attack on pearl harbor , its headquarters was based in palau and its mission expanded to include the invasions of java , borneo and other islands of the netherlands east indies .
16	it is found in indonesia and malaysia , where it occurs on borneo , sumatra and java .
17	distribution this species occurs in cambodia , peninsular malaysia , and the indonesian islands of sumatra , java , bali , sumbawa , sulawesi , and buton .
10	pameungpeuk is a small town near the coast of southwestern java , indonesia .
11	this approach became common practice later , e.g. , pascal or java , but the richards bcpl compiler was the first to define a virtual machine for this purpose .
15	it is found in india ( assam ) , sri lanka , burma , on java and in singapore .
27	jpg adafruit datalogging shield with a sd slot and real-time clock chip software the arduino integrated development environment ( ide ) is a cross-platform application written in java , and derives from the ide for the processing programming language and the wiring projects .
16	the omnis server also can act as a hub between database servers , services based on java and .net and clients like adobe air & flex transferring data in the form of xml or web services .
22	from a technical view , the sce is beginning to move away from its proprietary graphical origins and is moving towards a java application server environment .
3	versions exist for java , javascript and .net .
5	object-oriented languages , such as java and c# , have built-in support for sinks by allowing events to be fired to delegate functions .
9	the javan trogon is endemic to the west of java in indonesia .
11	jpg kota gede , royal tomb complex for the sultan of java .
15	the coastline consists mainly of limestone cliffs characteristics of the façade of the island of java in the indian ocean .
14	in addition to being available through sirius.com , howard stern 's website offers a java application that streams the two stern-themed channels .
66	commonloops ( the common isp o bject - o riented p rogramming s ystem ; an acronym reminiscent of the earlier lisp oo system '' loops '' for the interlisp-d system ) is an early programming language which extended common lisp to include object-oriented programming functionality and is a dynamic object system which differs from the oop facilities found in static languages such as c++ or java .
8	open relay honeypots include jackpot , written in java by jack cleaver ; smtpot.py , written in python by karl a. krueger ; and spamhole , written in c .
15	in exchange , banda predominantly received rice and cloth ; namely light cotton batik from java , calicoes from india and ikat from the lesser sundas .
17	indeed , in february 1871 meessen gifted an album of his better-executed photographs from his time in java and sumatra to king william iii .
18	distribution this species can be found in india , thailand , laos , burma , peninsular malaya , java , sumatra and borneo .
1	- java + borneo bogoria taeniorhiza ( schltr .
11	on 4 february 1942 , marblehead stood out of surabaya , java , as part of a mixed american - dutch cruiser-destroyer force under rear admiral karel w. f. m. doorman , rnn .
16	in february 1942 , mikuma was tasked with covering landings of japanese troops in sumatra and java .
11	the slenthem ( also slentem or gender panembung ) is a java metallophone which makes up part of a gamelan orchestra .
34	in addition , the shipped software can be replaced with third party firmware and/or programming languages , including some of the most popular ones used by professionals in the embedded systems industry , like java and c .
13	men saved and goods salvaged , and she made a second voyage to java in 1621 and was reported as laid up , there , in 1623 .
20	'' bengawan solo '' is a famous indonesia song about the solo river , which flows through central and eastern java , indonesia and is that island 's longest .
26	later , he was jailed in the east indies by the dutch on charges of fomenting rebellion , but managed to escape from his prison in java .
5	some sugar mill railways in java have dual-gauge sections .
12	apart from art , khan completed certificate courses in web development , java and c++ from private institutes .
6	it occurred on the island of java from 28 february-12 march 1942 .
12	sukadiri is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
10	the demak sultanate was a javanese muslim state located on java 's north coast in indonesia , at the site of the present day city of demak .
29	'' however , darwin and fitzroy sailed in 1836 from king george 's sound ( western australia ) directly to the cocos-keeling islands , at the south coast of java , and from there to cape town and back to england .
14	one example of syntactic sugar may arguably be classes in c++ ( and in java , c# , etc. ) .
14	previous first prize winners have used haskell , ocaml , c++ , cilk , java and f# .
9	it had been intended that schlegel be sent to java to join the natural history commission , but the untimely death of temminck 's intended successor , heinrich boie , prevented the realization of this project .
16	new components are posted every thursday and coders can choose a component from a list of java and .net components , and they have a week to design or develop their chosen component .
9	prominent examples of languages supporting this are c# , java , ecmascript ( actionscript , javascript , jscript ) , f# , haskell , lisp ( common lisp , scheme , clojure , others ) , lua , oz , perl , prolog , python , ruby , smalltalk , scala , ml , and erlang .
6	look at the following example from java : public class class1 -lcb- int f ( int x ) -lcb- return x +3 ; -rcb- -rcb- public class class2 extends class1 -lcb- @ override int f ( int x ) / / overriding -lcb- return x \* x ; -rcb- int f ( int x , int y ) / / overloading -lcb- return x \* y ; -rcb- -rcb- special methods special methods are very language-specific and a language may support none , some , or all of the special methods defined here .
15	the underlying infrastructure of dws-edms uses widely available commercial and open source technologies , including java , red hat linux , oracle sql , xml , microsoft iis , and apache http server .
26	comparable volcanic arc systems , which are associated with subduction zones , are active today in the aleutian islands and indonesia ( e.g. , sumatra and java ) .
6	it is known from sumatra , java and borneo .
3	a set of java mappings allow the apis to be invoked locally as well .
17	remnants of chinese pottery from the han dynasty have been excavated in sumatra , borneo , and java and date from the 1st century .
8	the u.s. library of congress estimates that in java , between 4 and 10 million romusha ( japanese : '' manual laborer '' ) , were forced to work by the japanese military .
2	written in java , accumulo has cell-level access label and server-side programming mechanisms .
23	it may be worth noting that in malay '' betara '' means holy , and was applied to the greater hindu gods in java , and was also assumed by the ruler of majapahit .
44	distribution the common wolf snake is found in australia ( cook islands ) , myanmar , cambodia , thailand , vietnam , singapore , laos , se china , hong kong , bangladesh , india ( andaman islands ) , indonesia ( sumatra , java , bali , sumbawa , sumba , komodo , flores , lomblen , alor , sawu , roti , timor , wetar , babar islands , kalao , salajar , buton , sulawesi ) , west malaysia , johor : pulau besar , maldives , mascarenes ( mauritius , reunion ; fide glaw , pers .
6	jbouncer for irc , written in java .
24	today it continues to be taught in some universities around the world as an introduction to computer programming , usually advancing to c or java or both .
24	the raid on batavia of 27 november 1806 was an attempt by a large british naval force to destroy the dutch squadron based on java in the dutch east indies that posed a threat to british shipping in the straits of malacca .
33	after the surrender of the japanese forces in august 1945 they took over japanese held airfields , assisted in the evacuation of allied prisoners of war and undertook other peace keeping duties in java , thailand and french indo china .
4	the japanese regime perceived java as the most politically sophisticated , but economically the least important area ; its people were japan 's main resource .
14	on the evening of 1 march 1942 , perch surfaced northwest of surabaya , java , and started in for an attack on an enemy convoy landing troops to the west of surabaya .
16	fenimore cooper and two other ships charted archipelago and passages between batavia and singapore and from java northward to the south china sea until june 1854 , when she rejoined the flagship at hong kong .
22	the implementation of these operations was assigned to the japanese naval task force led by admiral chūichi nagumo , after completing the java campaign .
5	pencak silat especially flourished in java which is now home to more different styles than any other indonesian islands .
4	his name appears in java as early as 1343 on an image of bodhisattva manjusri that was originally in candi jago , the sanctuary which was built by kertanegara for his father visnuvardhana .
44	around the beginning of the first millennium , malayic speakers had established settlements in the coastal regions of modern day south central vietnam , tambelan , riau islands , sumatra , malay peninsula , borneo , luzon , maluku islands , bangka-belitung islands and java .
5	it was originally written in java the current live version , gump 3 , has been completely rewritten in python .
5	they are usually written in java , but other languages such as jython , jruby , pascal , scala , or eiffel ( via smarteiffel ) may be used as well .
2	deployed to java in the netherlands east indies in the aftermath of the war two of its thunderbolt squadrons were replaced by a douglas dakota squadron and aircraft of the wing took part in the repatriation of allied prisoners of the war and internees .
24	in the last decades of the nineteenth century , coffee rust did serious damage to the coffee plantations of sri lanka , philippines , java and malaya , which led to the collapse of the coffee industry in lipa , batangas and almost brought about the extinction of the arabica variety .
16	external to the ibm notes application , ibm provides toolkits in c , c++ , and java to connect to the ibm domino database and perform a wide variety of tasks .
13	in his third ( 1643 -- 49 ) he went as far as java , and returned by the cape ; but his relations with the dutch proved not wholly satisfactory , and a long lawsuit on his return yielded but imperfect redress .
18	findbugs is an open source program created by bill pugh and david hovemeyer which looks for bugs in java code .
39	range the butterfly occurs in sri lanka , india , nepal , myanmar , thailand , laos , north vietnam , hainan , hong kong , south yunnan , langkawi , malaysia , singapore , tioman , sumatra and java .
9	in the bcpl family languages such as c++ and java , it can also specify the variable 's dimension to declare a scalar , array or matrix .
8	the territory of the state included some of java and most of sumatra .
11	walter william strickland ( b. westminster 26 may 1851 - d. java 9 august 1938 ) was the son of sir charles strickland , 8th baronet ( 1819 -- 1909 ) .
29	according to historian paul michel munoz , the javanese sanjaya dynasty was a strong rival of the srivijayans in the 8th century when the srivijayan capital was located in java .
30	since 1958 , the program has offered courses spanning the full range of the pure and applied sciences , from organic chemistry and physiological psychology , to computer programming in java and calculus in the complex plane , as well as introductions to particle physics and physical cosmology .
9	van dorp died in a japanese internment camp on java , three weeks after the capitulation of japanese forces .
66	it is native to the old world tropics , where it can be found in africa ( chad , côte d'ivoire , the democratic republic of the congo , ghana , madagascar , mali , mozambique , nigeria , tanzania , uganda , zambia ) , asia ( china , india , the philippines , thailand ) , australia , and on the eastern end of java .
17	the ship departed sydney , australia sometime between 8 and 17 january 1816 on its way to java and canton , china .
7	though a voyage from the netherlands to java normally took a hundred days or more ( port to port ) , the kosmopoliet completed her maiden voyage in 89 days .
4	vuze is written in java , and uses the azureus engine .
11	this species is widespread in india , myanmar , malaysia , java , sumatra and borneo .
21	the special region of yogyakarta ( or ; , or diy ) is a region of indonesia on the island of java .
59	on 8 december 1941 hart proclaimed unrestricted submarine warfare against japan , and the americans , with their filipino allies , fought a delaying action in the philippines , while a mixed american , british , dutch , and australia ( abda ) military structure under the command of general hein ter poorten was set up to operate from java in an attempt to hold the japanese at the malay barrier .
9	the progo river is a river in southern central java , indonesia .
9	all species except one , which is endemic to java , occur only on sri lanka .
23	it is the largest and most complete type of drum known as the pejeng type drums which have been found in bali and java , indonesia .
24	soekarno -- hatta international airport ( ) , abbreviated shia , is the main airport serving the greater jakarta area on the island of java , indonesia , along with halim perdanakusuma airport .
13	d. areolata is found in peninsular thailand , sumatra , peninsular malaysia , java and borneo .
10	computer programming background ( knowledge of c , c++ , java , php , assembly , or other programming language ) knowledge of formatting standards like doxygen , javadoc , or dita knowledge of editors and tools , like framemaker excellent communication and writing skills to interact with developers expert api / sdk writers can easily become programming writers .
9	it is found on peninsular malaysia , borneo and java .
4	) j.j. wood from java and sumatra .
31	since then , motorola has increased focus on its linux platform and publicly stated that the future platform for all its mid - and high-tier mobile phones will be linux with java , and other phone manufacturers nec and panasonic have developed a common platform based on montavista linux .
23	by the end of the 15th century , islam was firmly established in the malay peninsula , sumatra , and northern coasts of java , brunei and north borneo .
3	xmlbeans is a java - to - xml binding framework which is part of the apache software foundation xml project .
7	on further landings in the philippines , java and other islands , he traded some of his captured linen and other goods for fresh supplies , water and wood , and collected information about the chinese and japan coasts .
16	xyroptila oksana is a moth of the pterophoridae family which is endemic to the island of java .
63	the following operating systems are supported : linux ( glibc ) = 2.5 ) mac os x ( universal binary ) windows 2000 , xp , vista , 7 those applications are published under the following licences ( you must agree with at least one licence ) : gnu gpl gnu lgpl mpl cecill binary versions can be distributed with proprietary libraries ( java jre ) models is currently one of the main scenari models and is used in several french universities and by some international partners to produce academic training documents .
12	it contains the single species rhagophanes tortriciformis , which is found on java .
7	overview the trade space visualizer is a java - based tool that includes multidimensional visualization techniques to display data files .
7	sangiran is an archaeological excavation site in java in indonesia .
8	browser plugins annodex plugin via cortado , a java based applet itheora , a php wrapper for cortado html 5 video tag wrapper for numerous plugin types .
20	chinese traders boycotted portuguese malacca after it fell to the portuguese in the capture of malacca , some chinese in java assisted in muslim attempts to reconquer the city from portugal using ships .
8	its core is a computer program written in java distributed on several hundred computers , , so-called yacy-peers .
2	borobodur , java , indonesia .
35	range the butterfly is found in sri lanka , india , myanmar , thailand , laos , hainan , hong kong , western china , malaysia , the indonesia archipelago ( borneo , sumatra , java , nias , sumbawa and bali ) , philippines and sulawesi .
25	unlike windows , mac os , unix or unix-like systems which are primarily written in the c programming language , javaos is primarily written in java .
28	though many gobject applications are written entirely in c , the gobject system maps well into the native object systems of many other languages , like c++ , java , ruby , python , common lisp , and .net / mono .
23	dms has a variety of predefined language front ends , covering most real dialects of c and c++ including c++0x , c# , java , python , php , egl , fortran , cobol , visual basic , verilog , vhdl and some 20 or more other languages .
16	this is similar to the public and private keywords in other languages such as c++ and java .
4	parboiled is an open-source java library released under an apache license .
10	in 1929 , he participated in an academic trip to java where he collected five tons of specimens .
4	textalytics provides sdks for java , python and php , and plug-ins for microsoft excel and gate .
7	compass is a free / open source java search engine framework built on top of lucene created by shay banon .
17	despite the rarity of females graphium delessertii is a common species , although threatened by deforestation in java .
7	the latest release includes source-code for a java gui , controversy ippolit was initially prohibited from many computer chess websites after another engine author claimed it to be a clone of his program .
9	then he traveled around the world and worked in java , sumatra and borneo .
0	java source code for the '' google wave federation prototype server '' was released in a mercurial repository in july 2009 under the apache license 2.0 .
2	net , java , web , 3d and mobile technologies ( android , ios ) .
20	en route , the ship made an extended stopover in the dutch settlement of batavia , on the island of java , then part of the colonial dutch east indies ( present day indonesia ) , in march , 1819 .
9	dampier sailed on two merchant voyages to newfoundland and java before joining the royal navy in 1673 .
7	he died in 1902 in suraboya , java .
10	as an illustration , consider the widely used programming language java .
7	later moko were made in china and java and were brought to alor in the 19th century .
11	banten ( sometimes called bantam ) near the western end of java was a strategically important site and formerly a major trading city with a secure harbor at the mouth of banten river that provided a navigable passage for light craft into the island 's interior .
12	on its return , the vessel was stopped by the dutch between java and sumatra , and brought to batavia .
14	the dutchman , who had already clashed with the banten sultanate in north west java before his arrival in aceh , decided to attack .
34	functionality the main features of yakindu statechart tools are : smart combination of textual and graphical modeling syntactic and semantic validation of the state machines executable models via the simulation engine code generators for java , c and c++ history the first version of yakindu statechart tools was released in 2008 as part of the research project mda for embedded .
12	hvls typically include features of a high-level programming language like c++ or java as well as features for easy bit-level manipulation similar to those found in hdls .
18	krupuk tanah is usually in purple hue , and can be found at traditional markets in pekalongan , java , indonesia , especially in the town of weleri .
10	van den berg 's interest in the arab communities of java led him to complete an important work on this subject .
0	java code coverage tools are distinguished in two main categories : first tools that add statements to the source code and require to recompile the source code .
12	seawolf then loaded torpedoes and passengers , and headed for surabaya , java .
19	most of the games are implemented for multiple toolkits and desktops such as kde , gnome , sdl and java .
31	achomawi basket-maker his most significant trips were 1881 - brazil 1883 - india , burma , singapore , china and the philippines 1888 - singapore and ceylon 1890 - singapore and java 1892 - ceylon , singapore and india societies workman was , as well as being actively involved in the civic administration of belfast , the honorary librarian of the belfast natural history and philosophical society becoming president in 1898 .
7	he also appeared with symphony orchestras in java , japan , china , the philippines , federated malay states , dutch east indies , british india , burma and ceylon .
6	in statically typed languages such as java these multiple classes are subclasses of the same superclass .
7	muhammad subuh sumohadiwidjojo ( born 1901 in java , indonesia ; died 1987 ) .
5	there are 2 clubs from java , while papua , sumatera , kalimantan , and sulawesi each island will represent one .
9	it supports many internet technologies , including javascript , java , html 4.0 , css 2 , and ssl for secure communications .
9	on his way back to germany , he visited java , sumatra , malacca , and ceylon examining tropical agricultural practices .
10	assigned to '' operation j '' ( the invasion of java in the netherlands east indies , she participated at the battle of sunda strait on 1 march .
21	support for various programming languages - the counting and differencing capabilities accept the source code written in c/c++ , c# , java , sql , ada , perl , asp.net , jsp , css , html , xml , javascript , vb , php , vbscript , bash , c shell script , coldfusion , fortran , midas , nextmidas , pascal , ruby , x-midas , and python .
37	many compilers for many programming languages are bootstrapped , including compilers for basic , algol , c , pascal , pl/i , factor , haskell , modula-2 , oberon , ocaml , common lisp , scheme , java , python , scala , nimrod , eiffel , and more .
5	they are also common in java , and are reported from densely forested areas in southwestern china , myanmar , assam and nepal , from travancore and other parts of southern india where they may be more numerous than spotted panthers .
21	dewa agung gede alias surawirya ( rc 1722-1736 ) allied with the influential king of mengwi and performed an expedition to java together with him .
35	) alain - synonym of spermacoce brachysepala spermacoce tenuior l. - slender false buttonweed - texas , louisiana , georgia , west indies ; latin america from mexico to bolivia ; naturalized in tanzania , java , sulawesi and galápagos spermacoce terminalis ( small ) kartesz & gandhi - synonym of spermacoce neoterminalis spermacoce tetraquetra a. rich .
28	distribution and habitat the orange-headed thrush breeds in the much of the indian subcontinent , including bangladesh , india and sri lanka , and through southeast asia to java .
12	the new network extended as far as the islands of sumatra , java and sri lanka .
16	it was built on a stack consisting largely of sun technologies , including solaris 10 , java , the glassfish application server , and mysql .
10	z390 was an assembler and system 390 emulator written in java .
29	despite public pronouncements to the contrary , the official view was that the main base at singapore would be untenable if the japanese made serious headway in malaya and java - which , in the event , is what happened in 1942 .
8	they are found mostly in mountainous regions of java , southern sumatra , southern sulawesi and lombok .
19	paleontological conclusions forensic facial reconstruction of homo erectus pekinensis the first specimens of homo erectus had been found in java in 1891 by eugene dubois , but were dismissed by many as the remains of a deformed ape .
19	examples of languages that use static name resolution include c , c++ , e , erlang , haskell , java , pascal , scheme , and smalltalk .
15	later that year he was given leave to join anglo-indonesian plantations ( aip ) in java .
13	other more sophisticated wordnet-based similarity techniques include adw , whose is available in java .
28	it is native to nansei-shoto , mariana islands , solomon islands , bismarck archipelago , new guinea , maluku , sulawesi , philippines , lesser sunda islands , java , sumatra , borneo , thailand , malaysia , taiwan .
18	the cyclone affected northern australia with gusty winds and some rainfall , while on the indonesian island of java , it produced strong waves .
17	distribution this species can be found in tenasserim island , malayan peninsula , borneo , sumatra and java .
49	although kernighan decried pascal 's lack of type escapes ( '' there is no escape '' from '' why pascal is not my favorite programming language '' ) , pointer and type escapes lead to the sorts of problems that were addressed by the development of languages such as java and c# .
19	after new york , he traveled to southern california , mexico , japan , and the pacific islands of java and bali .
50	when a message is exchanged via a protocol between two different platforms using objects on both sides , the object in a programming language can be transformed ( marshalled and unmarshalled ) in an object in a remote and different language : so , e.g. , a program written in java invokes a service via soap or iiop written in c# both programs use apis for remote invocation ( each locally to the machine where they are working ) to ( remotely ) exchange information that they both convert from/to an object in local memory .
19	béla széchenyi became known for his wide travels and explorations in the east indies , japan , china , java , borneo , western mongolia , and the frontiers of tibet .
33	nang sbek ( shadow theater ) ( or lakhaon nang sbek ; khmer ) is closely related to the nang yai of thailand , wayang of malaysia and indonesia like the islands of java and bali , thus implying that nang sbek may have an indonesian or malaysian origin many centuries ago .
5	when they reached samarang , java , the matavai and her crew were there .
25	jeniux framework is cross-technology : it abstracts the concept of database , front-end , and platform , it supports more programming languages , such as java and rpg , simultaneously , and supports more databases than before .
28	clos is a dynamic object system with multiple dispatch and multiple inheritance , and differs radically from the oop facilities found in static languages such as c++ or java .
5	the program is written in java and allows the user to auto - cancel any messages on usenet based on author , subject , organization , message-id , or path .
18	no search has been made for recent records from nepal , bhutan , bangladesh , peninsular malaysia , java or bali , areas where they were historically recorded .
30	during the protracted aceh war the numbers of european troops were kept to 12,000 but continued achenese resistance necessitated the deployment of up to 23,000 indigenous soldiers ( mainly from java , ambon , and manado ) .
6	, an opensource logo implementation in java , was designed and implemented by daniel azuma , based on bsd logo ( with various extensions ) .
9	sirik was a village on the indonesia island of java that was destroyed by a massive tsunami caused by the krakatoa volcanic eruption in 1883 .
14	internet , development of technologies such as web 2.0 , css , php , java to be used in different purposes and fields .
13	for function that manipulate strings , modern object-oriented languages , like c# and java have immutable strings and return a copy ( in newly allocated dynamic memory ) , while others , like c manipulate the original string unless the programmer copies data to a new string .
37	the origin of the story is obscure and unclear , some suggest that it was a riau sumatran malay folktale that later transmitted into malay peninsula , while some holds that it was originated from yogyakarta in java .
10	today , however , languages with garbage collection such as java are increasingly popular ; the main manually managed languages still in widespread use today are c and c++ -- see c dynamic memory allocation .
11	swinglabs is a sun open source project proposing extensions to the java swing gui toolkit .
16	supported platforms sap iq also supports plugging in external algorithms written in c + + and java .
11	early chinese immigrants in indonesia settled in northern coastal cities of java , such as semarang , pekalongan , lasem , tuban and surabaya , as early as majapahit period .
22	the house they lived in was named kaliemas , after the kali mas river , that runs through modern day surabaya , java and it was here that edward spent his childhood .
25	story of sunan giri according to the sejarah banten , a foreign holy man , molana usalam comes to balambangan in the eastern salient of java where islam was not established until the eighteenth century .
5	coconut woods in klaten , java , indonesia .
8	tools users can develop their own applications in java and pl/sql using tools such as : oracle forms oracle jdeveloper oracle reports oracle corporation had started a drive toward '' wizard '' - driven environments with a view to enabling non-programmers to produce simple data-driven applications .
3	written entirely in java , it is used to build , integrate and manage public and private clouds in homogeneous environments .
12	1942 world war ii : dutch forces surrender to japanese forces on java .
16	an independent implementation , also developed and maintained by unidata , is written in 100 % java , which extends the core data model and adds additional functionality .
25	this would be the front for a new ecosystem based on open standards ; first , html in the web browser ; and second , java , which they hoped would become widely adopted through corba .
5	bruno souza is a brazil java programmer and open source software advocate .
21	theodoor gautier thomas pigeaud ( 20 february 1899 in leipzig -- 6 march 1988 in gouda ) was an expert in java literature from the netherlands .
17	the party for national unity and solidarity ( kerukanan tulodo pranatan ingit , ktpi ) is a java political party in suriname .
26	according to a review by , formal treatment of composition underlies validation of component assembly in visual programming languages like ibm 's visual age for the java language .
11	in early 1942 smit was transferred to the infantry in east java , but was soon captured by the invading japanese forces .
14	sunan giri : born in blambangan ( now banyuwangi , the easternmost part of java ) in 1442 ce .
26	additionally , ready to use communication layer ( dhtmlxconnector ) can be used to manage this client-server communication with php , .net , coldfusion , or java .
24	for example , students at the middle and high school levels compete in categories varying from web design to c++ , visual basic and java programmimng , as well as music composition and computer aided design and desktop publishing and desktop presentations ( powerpoint ) .
28	biography szekely-lulofs was born on 24 june 1899 as madelon ( magdalena ) hermine ( hermina ) lulofs in the oranje hotel in surabaya on the island of java ( then dutch east indies now indonesia ) .
1	departing java on 7 september , benjamin stoddert traced a northerly course between borneo and celebes and arrived back at subic bay on the 11th .
16	it is found in nepal , india , thailand , vietnam , taiwan , sumatra , java , sulawesi and seram .
12	in the jtella 0.7 client software the guid is created using the java random number without an initialization .
10	areca backup is a personal file backup software developed in java .
14	application and tools developers can embed predictive and descriptive mining capabilities using pl/sql or java api .
11	the most common host languages are prolog , c++ , and java , but other languages have been used as well .
20	some webct criticisms which were apparent include problems using it in multiple tabs or browser windows , heavy reliance on java for its user experience , usage of too many browser framesets , issues with some features requiring pop-up blockers to be turned off , and problems using standard browser navigation tools ( i.e. the back and forward commands ) .
13	it is also naturalized in seychelles , central america , west indies , java , malaysia , maluku , philippines .
6	some programming language , such as java and j , allow the programmer an explicit access to the positive and negative infinity values as language constants .
8	'' biography personal life hanson was born in java , dutch east indies ( present-day indonesia ) in 1914 .
12	kaon , texttoonto , and text2onto are open source , based on java .
12	the art of batik is most highly developed in the island of java in indonesia .
24	some early scholars , such as george coedès and lawrence palmer briggs , have established the notion that it refers to the island of java in present-day indonesia .
12	previously , kamal port is the main gateway between madura island and java , where ferries serve the port with the ujung port nearby surabaya , but today people use more toll bridge than ferries , so now only a few ferries serve it in day time only .
11	it ranges from india to china and can be found on java .
30	in february , she escorted the japanese carriers in the bombing of darwin , and was then based at staring-baai in sulawesi , netherlands east indies for patrols south of java .
47	features openfire supports the following features : web-based administration panel plugin interface customizable ssl/tls support user-friendly web interface and guided installation database connectivity ( i.e. embedded hsqldb or other dbms with jdbc 3 driver ) for storing messages and user details ldap connectivity platform independent , pure java full integration with spark im client can support more than 50,000 concurrent users the proprietary extension to openfire allows multiple server instances to work together in one clustered environment .
16	technology the company 's ebizframe product is based on oracle technology , middle-tier being provided by java technology .
10	provides interfaces for the c , c++ , c# , java , python , perl , matlab , octave , and ruby programming languages .
15	the tokens were interpreted upon execution , in a manner similar to the more modern java .
12	it is found in vietnam , thailand , indonesia ( sumatra , java , bali , sulawesi ) , western malaysia , taiwan and nepal .
10	in the region of cirebon on the northwest coast of java , kemanak are played in pairs by striking one against the other in a repetitive fashion .
23	wildman claimed that in 1856 he had been first mate on a dutch ship , the maria augusta , sailing from rotterdam to java , when it was forced to stop in camden harbour for rudder repairs .
11	it is used by languages such as python , iota , java ( for object references ) , ruby , javascript , scheme , ocaml , applescript , and many others .
6	jamwiki is a mediawiki clone in java , that supports mediawiki-format pages but not extensions .
12	cikaso waterfall is a dramatic waterfall on the cikaso river in western java .
3	jpg kris from java file : barung shandigan lamination 1 .
14	arcgis engine provides application programming interface ( apis ) for com , .net , java , and c++ for the windows , linux , and solaris platforms .
21	he began his career in the early 1980s as a programmer in apl and basic before moving on to c++ and java and running development groups .
46	the format of extensions can vary from one program to another , with for example : xpi format for mozilla family ( the browsers firefox and seamonkey , the email client thunderbird , but nvu and songbird ) zip format for opera browser jar format for java ( part of the xpi include jar files ) extensions vs. plug-ins extensions differ slightly from plug-in .
10	the logic engine and the artificial intelligence are developed in java .
20	at the end of the burma campaign , the british empire had ordered 92,000 troops to the indonesian island of java , with a deadly assault on september 15 , 1945 .
9	ascape an original implementation was developed in ascape , java software suitable for agent-based social simulation .
54	the specimen , pulle 277 , was collected in southwestern new guinea at the '' ( b ) order of the beaufort river '' at an altitude of 80 m. it includes male floral material and is deposited at the bogor botanical gardens ( formerly the herbarium of the buitenzorg botanic gardens ) in java .
13	netbeans is an integrated development environment ( ide ) for developing primarily with java , but also with other languages , in particular php , c / c++ , and html5 .
10	wxbasic is a bytecode based language , like perl or java .
11	it graphically visualizes the static structure of software systems written in java , c# or in c++ code .
15	the labs were equipped with specialist software such as oracle , microsoft visual studio , java , the adobe creative suite and many other key products .
11	green fish originate from thailand , while pink fish originate from java .
26	in the mid-1860s her father , mother and baby sister jennie settled in san francisco after a circus tour that had encompassed japan , china , java and the philippines .
19	distribution and habitat not found above 1000 m , they are endemic to thailand , sumatra , borneo , java and the malay peninsula .
10	- operator class of programming languages ( like c# or java ) .
7	it is written 100 % in the java programming language and uses the native msql network protocols to talk to msql .
13	three quarters of the current population of lampung is descended from migrants from java , madura , and bali .
62	variation of seismicity with depth across the sunda trench subduction zone , low-angle part is the sunda megathrust -- september 2007 sumatra earthquake shown by star the sunda megathrust is a fault that extends approximately 5,500 km ( 3300 mi ) from myanmar ( burma ) in the north , running along the southwestern side of sumatra , to the south of java and bali before terminating near australia .
9	pophealth uses the ruby on rails framework , the java programming language , the open source mongodb database , and several web 2.0 javascript libraries including scriptaculous and prototype .
22	it is native to india , assam , bangladesh , bhutan , cambodia , laos , burma , thailand , vietnam , java and sumatra .
2	the web-based java interface allows users to build complex models in biologically relevant terms : compartment dimensions and shape , molecular characteristics , and interaction parameters .
24	there are also three main components that the genso system remotely controls : rotator controller tnc radio controller the genso software is written in java .
6	in 2006 the company unveiled a java based simulation engine called l-sim which is embedded in business process management ( bpm ) solutions software .
4	the project is a java based xml modeling application written to make creating and editing xml files easier .
16	he was the architect responsible for developing the implementation of container managed persistence for sun 's java enterprise edition application server .
9	bandung is a city in the western part of java island in indonesia .
8	motivation in most object-oriented languages , such as java or c# , references may be null .
7	a magnitude 6.2 earthquake struck offshore of java , indonesia on september 7 .
33	george cœdès is credited with rediscovering the former kingdom of srivijaya , centred on the modern-day indonesian city of palembang , but with influence extending from sumatra through to the malay peninsula and java .
11	academy for computer science in this academy , students learn about java .
24	shipwreck the belitung shipwreck was discovered in 1998 by sea-cucumber fishermen diving in shallow water , just off the coast of belitung island near java .
13	the name is used to emphasize that a given object is an ordinary java object , not a special object .
34	in early 1942 , minazuki was assigned to escorting troop convoys from french indochina for '' operation e '' ( the invasion of malaya ) and '' operation j '' ( the invasion of java , netherlands east indies ) , in february .
9	there are also artefacts from india , bali , java and peru , and a collection of british and american patchwork quilt from the last 200 years .
13	it contains only one species , phepsalostoma electracma , which is found on java .
16	the fertile volcanic soil of much of the indonesia archipelago -- and particularly the islands of java and bali -- has made rice a central dietary staple .
15	biography van lith arrived in semarang in 1896 to study the culture and customs of java .
12	it contains the single species darantasiella javanica , which is found on java .
31	'' afflictions : culture and mental illness in indonesia '' is a six-part ethnographic documentary film series on the lives of the mentally ill living on the islands of bali and java in indonesia .
9	an earthquake struck off the south coast of central java , indonesia on may 15 .
15	the matlab version of gui , will be completely developed to a gui written in java .
11	it is also reported to have been spoken in singapore and java .
9	this may be cross-platform , for example using a java applet , allowing the program to run equally well on various computer systems such as windows , linux and mac os .
10	it allows applications to make standard c++ , c# , java , python or smalltalk objects persistent without having to convert the data objects into the rows and columns used by a relational database management system ( rdbms ) .
18	later , mired in isolation and loneliness , he worked in colombo ( ceylon ) , batavia ( java ) , and singapore .
13	, import package swift : import module class import falcon : import class java , matlab : import package .
4	storytron storytron is a java - based interactive story engine based around chris crawford 's theory that creating an interactive story is similar to creating a sentence , with particular emphasis on the verb .
6	in 1921 , she traveled to java where she spent three years with her sister .
29	the company 's translation platform converts customers from cobol , natural/adabas , jcl , icl , idms , ims and to modern platforms like c# , sql server , java , db2 and more .
0	java has been used for implementation part and the project database is based on sql - server .
8	support for c , c++ , objective-c , java , and python were added furthering developer comfort with the new platform .
29	tapestry uses a modular approach to web development , by having a strong binding between each user interface component ( object ) on the web page and its corresponding java class .
12	geographic range it is found in southeast asia from indochina south to java and bali .
7	languages and tools client for contestants : java , python 2d visualizer : python server : python 2013 - mechmania xix : '' nautical warfare '' sponsor : palantir technologies website : gameplay a turn based tactical grid based water combat , similar to battleship .
12	some systems , such as smalltalk , contemporary versions of basic , java and others may also combine two and three .
137	features acs has the following features integration with windows identity foundation ( wif ) support for popular web identity providers including windows live id , google , yahoo , and facebook support for active directory federation services ( ad fs ) 2.0 support for oauth 2.0 ( draft 10 ) , ws-trust , and ws-federation protocols support for the saml 1.1 , saml 2.0 , and simple web token ( swt ) token formats integrated and customizable home realm discovery that allows users to choose their identity provider an open data protocol ( odata ) - based management service that provides programmatic access to the acs configuration a browser-based management portal that allows administrative access to the acs configuration web platform support acs supports all modern web platforms such as .net framework , php , python , java and ruby .
32	it is cultivated in the tropics and subtropics throughout the world , including the canary islands , ghana , ethiopia , madagascar , zanzibar , sri lanka , taiwan , india , java , hawaii , and australia .
11	cheloniidae turtle graphics is a simple turtle graphics programming library for java .
36	the netherlands , only very recently freed from german occupation itself , initially lacked the means to respond , allowing republican forces to establish de facto control over parts of the huge archipelago , particularly in java and sumatra .
12	the site currently uses lucene search 2.1 , which is written in java and based on lucene library 2.3 .
3	the people of java would not use coffee as a pick me up because it is not a pick me up .
3	cloveretl is a java - based data integration framework designed to transform , cleanse , and distribute data into applications , databases , and data warehouses .
13	& de vogel ) j.j. wood - myanmar , vietnam , borneo , java , sumatra , peninsular malaysia acriopsis liliifolia var .
9	famous cannons were made in makassar , mataram , java , minangkabau , melaka and brunei .
16	the influence of simula is often understated , and simula-type objects are reimplemented in c++ , java and c# .
25	, which durban escorted to tandjong priok in the evacuation of singapore in february 1942 durban moved with the rest of the eastern fleet to java , after the japanese started their attack on singapore .
42	besides being invited to standout performance venues like new york 's prestigious palace theater ( 1916 ) , denishawn was the first american company to present '' serious western dance '' in japan , burma , china , india , ceylon , java , malaya and the philippines ( 1925 -- 26 ) ( sherman , enduring influence 77 ) .
48	it is reportedly naturalized in tropical africa ( from liberia to uganda ) , china ( fujian , guangdong , hainan , taiwan , zhejiang ) , india , nepal , sri lanka , bangladesh , the andaman & nicobar islands , malaysia , thailand , borneo , java , myanmar ( burma ) , sumatra , queensland , the ( australia ) northern territory , fiji and samoa .
9	applications and games from t-zones , one can download java applications that run on mobile phones and store them in the phone .
10	it is a limited version of the virtual machine of java , where a set of extra functionalities are added for the adjustment to the environment of the dtv .
18	finish baggage car 2008 -- launch of first in indonesia , bus krdi rail ( for aceh and java ) 2010 -- the launch of production of the economic train locomotive ac bogowonto and 5 cc204 2011 -- production for solo railbus in addition , pt .
21	in late february 1942 , 4th destroyer flotilla escorted transports with the 48th infantry division to makassar , celebes and eastern java .
6	2d versions of the game for java , brew and blackberry devices have also been released .
6	joe-e is a subset of the java programming language intended to support programming according to object-capability discipline .
6	developments in web browser plug-ins like java and adobe flash allowed for simple browser-based games .
21	kawi ( from sanskrit : kavi , '' poet '' ) is a literary and prose language on the islands of java , bali , and lombok , based on old javanese , a language with a sizable vocabulary of sanskrit loanword .
39	distribution and ecology hose 's frog has been recorded from the malay peninsula south of the kra isthmus , on phuket , tioman , borneo , the batu islands , sumatra , simeulue , bangka island , belitung and java .
49	the scripting framework , which supports javascript , jython , jruby , clojure , beanshell and other languages , is an integral part of the development of fiji ; many developers prototype their plugins in one of the mentioned scripting languages , and gradually turn the prototypes into proper java code .
20	in 1645 he traveled from portugal ( where he declined an invitation to join the portuguese royal court ) to java , india and china to be a missionary .
12	it is found in india , vietnam , sri lanka and possibly java .
11	event-based profilers the programming languages listed here have event-based profilers : java : the jvmti ( jvm tools interface ) api , formerly jvmpi ( jvm profiling interface ) , provides hooks to profilers , for trapping events like calls , class-load , unload , thread enter leave .
10	nasa provides two xdf api , in perl and in java .
15	on 30 september 1920 , west cheswald took on a load of white sugar at java and headed for the united states via the suez canal .
0	java , c# , vb and php are popular programming languages for web and business applications .
1	in java is a special actual parameter for the instantiation of generic ( parameterized ) types .
47	formation the coastal area around the port of cirebon was known as a coastal village of muara jati , a part of sunda kingdom as stated on travel records of prince bujangga manik , a hindu sundanese hermit who visited some of the holy hindu sites in java and bali between late 15th century , or early 16th century .
10	he died in batavia ( now renamed jakarta ) on java in 1677 .
5	cte xl was written in java and was supported on win32 systems .
46	examples there are many service discovery protocols , including : bluetooth service discovery protocol ( sdp ) dns service discovery ( dns-sd ) , a component of zero configuration networking dynamic host configuration protocol ( dhcp ) internet storage name service ( isns ) jini for java objects .
30	range the species occurs in subtropical and tropical forests from the himalayas to eastern russia , south to the malay peninsula and sunda shelf ( borneo , sumatra , and java ) to taiwan .
6	the aceges tool is written in java and runs on windows , mac os and linux platforms .
11	after the japanese surrender in 1945 , the regiment moved to java in the dutch east indies in support of the 5th and 23rd indian division , who were engaged in suppressing a revolt by the indonesians .
11	david wijnveldt ( december 15 , 1891 , in jember , java -- march 28 , 1962 , in zutphen ) was a dutch amateur football ( soccer ) player who competed in the 1912 summer olympics .
13	palau had limited relations before the 18th century , mainly with yap and java .
23	indonesia jemaah islamiya terror suspect noordin mohammed top was killed during a raid on his hideout by counterterrorism police in temanggung , central java on august 8 , 2009 .
8	he has written books about the c and java programming languages .
7	in 1881 , abu bakar also visited java , which was under dutch rule .
19	her leaks were plugged and her pressure hull was patched by submarine tender when she departed for soerabaja , java on 16 december .
28	the c++11 standard adopted in august 2011 amended the grammar so that a right-shift token is accepted as synonymous with a pair of right-angle brackets ( as in java ) , which complicates the grammar but allows the continued use of the maximal munch principle .
13	they live only on western islands of the malay archipelago : sumatra , java , borneo and ( in the case of the palawan stink badger ) on the philippine island of palawan ; as well as many other , smaller islands in the region .
45	web authentication on august 15 , 2007 , microsoft released the windows live id web authentication sdk , enabling web developers to integrate windows live id into their websites running on a broad range of web server platforms - including asp.net ( c# ) , java , perl , php , python and ruby .
17	for example , the go programming language introduced a multilingual hello world program , sun demonstrated a java hello world based on scalable vector graphics , and the xl programming language features a spinning earth hello world using 3d graphics .
5	h-sphere has been written in java and works with any sql-compliant database .
22	as the influence of indian culture spread to southeast asia , malla-yuddha was adopted in what are now thailand , malaysia , java , and other neighbouring countries .
30	url redirection url redirection is the taking of the user to another page without his or her intervention , e.g. , using meta refresh tags , flash , javascript , java or server side redirect .
34	it is widespread across much of southeast asia , including southern china ( hainan , tibet , yunnan ) , bhutan , assam , malaysia , myanmar , nepal , thailand , vietnam , java , sumatra , the philippines , and the andaman & nicobar islands .
32	alden remained at singapore until the morning of the 14th when , after disembarking the royal navy liaison party , she got underway with the rest of the division for surabaya , java .
3	jxplorer - a java - based browser that runs in any operating environment .
6	imagej is a public domain , java - based image processing program developed at the national institutes of health .
9	it is found in the north-eastern himalaya and on java and bali .
11	the company also made unsuccessful forays into cad , videoconferencing , java , linux and other developments .
59	) , myanmar , nicobar islands , andaman islands ( stragglers only ) , western , southern and eastern china ( including hainan ) , taiwan and southern japan , ryukyu islands , thailand , laos , vietnam , kampuchea , malaysia , and indonesia ( sumatra , mentawai islands , nias , batu , simeulue , bangka , java , kalimantan , and the lesser sunda islands ) .
59	distribution nepenthes mirabilis has by far the widest distribution of any nepenthes species and is known from the following countries and regions : australia ( cape york peninsula ) , borneo , cambodia , caroline islands ( palau and yap ) , china ( guangdong province , hainan , hong kong , and macau ) , d'entrecasteaux islands , java , laos , louisiade archipelago , maluku islands , myanmar , new guinea , peninsular malaysia , philippines ( dinagat and mindanao ) , sulawesi , sumatra , thailand , and vietnam .
17	apache mina ( m ultipurpose i nfrastructure for n etwork a pplications ) is an open source java network application framework .
24	ardhanarishvara conveys that shiva and shakti are one and the same , an interpretation also declared in inscriptions found along with ardhanarishvara images in java and the eastern malay archipelago .
18	the javan leopard ( panthera pardus melas ) is a leopard subspecies confined to the indonesia island of java and classified as critically endangered by iucn since 2008 .
31	language integrated query ( linq , pronounced '' link '' ) is a microsoft .net framework component that adds native data querying capabilities to .net languages , although ports exist for java , php , javascript and actionscript .
20	many died from disease or accidents in labor camps on the siam-burma ‘death’ railway , in sumatra , japan , java , borneo , and changi prison .
9	afterwards , he ventures south to the island of java in indonesia .
8	it is native to insular southeast asia from java to the philippines , as well as australia ( northern territory , norfolk island , and all states except tasmania ) , as well as some islands in the pacific ( new guinea , solomon islands , fiji , niue , new caledonia and the society islands ) .
11	it is found in sri lanka , india , indonesia ( java ) , myanmar and kenya .
15	in indonesia , it is distributed in sumatra , nias , enggano , bangka , java , bali , kangean , lombok , sumbawa , sumba , flores , tanahjampea , and kalimantan .
58	responding to the press release , the state 's secretary for administration and finance , eric kriss , denied the existence of a ` freeware initiative ' and said the state was simply considering ways to integrate disparate systems using open standards such as http ( hypertext transfer protocol ) , xml ( extensible markup language ) and java .
21	it is found in burma , thailand , langkawi , peninsular malaysia , borneo , karimata , sumatra , sipora , java and mindanao .
16	demography over 350 million people live in the region , with the most populated island being java .
12	tads 3 uses a language with a syntax that resembles c++ and java .
6	objectdb is an object database for java .
11	e. du perron , born in meester cornelis , batavia , java , dutch east indies on 2 november 1899 , and died in bergen , north holland , the netherlands on 14 may 1940 , descended from french aristocracy .
19	located on the deli river near the city of medan , belawan is indonesia 's busiest port outside of java .
10	repairs began immediately , but the japanese were moving on java .
18	it is found in the indian subregion , china , japan , korea , thailand , borneo , java , sulawesi and on the southern moluccas .
9	outside bali , even on the neighbouring islands of java and lombok , there were only a handful of western visitors , even at the most famous destinations such as the temples of prambanan , borobudur , and the volcanic range of mount bromo .
18	after graduating at st. mary 's college , baltimore , brantz mayer sailed for the east , visiting java , sumatra , and china , and returned in 1828 .
22	this series , funded with grants from caltex pacific indonesia and pertamina , documents fourteen traditional dance performances from the islands of java , bali , sumatra and kalimantan .
21	' end it has the escape top flow control instruction , which is similar to continue in c , c++ , java and several other languages , except that it also works within subroutine to both return from the routine and then continue the calling statement 's processing loop .
38	from april to october 1942 , the us army 's fifth air force occupied the ground , naming it '' camp murphy '' , in honor of officer colonel william murphy , a senior usaaf officer killed in java .
1	in java , the qualifier final states that the affected data member or variable is not assignable , as below : final int i = 3 ; i = 4 ; / / error !
19	in 2003 , cobol featured in 80 % of information systems curricula , the same proportion as c++ and java .
17	once borneo had been liberated , i australian corps was to form part of the invasion of java .
19	for some time the cruiser operated in australian waters escorting troop ships , once steaming as far north as java .
3	teijsmann traveled to java in 1830 as gardener of governor general johannes van den bosch .
29	sundanese ( basa sunda , in sundanese script , literally '' language of sunda '' ) is the language of about 39 million people from the western third of java or about 15 % of the indonesia population .
6	it is endemic to indonesia ( java ) .
50	globe trekker episodes barcelona city guide beijing city guide beirut city guide central china chinatown civil war special egypt galleons , pirates & treasures the good & bad food guide 2 ghana & the ivory coast globe shopper 2 greek islands great festivals 3 hong kong & taiwan indonesia : java and sumatra london city guide 2 los angeles city guide marrakesh and dubai city guides micronesia middle east morocco 2 new england new york city guide 2 northern italy panama & colombia persian gulf states : kuwait , united arab emirates & oman portugal and the azores queensland & the great barrier reef scotland \* silk road , china sweden & denmark sri lanka and the maldives ultimate india ultimate china ultimate caribbean vietnam food guide west india central japan # 1307 personal mccormick is married to husband gethin aldous .
11	the back-end generates code in a high-level language like c++ or java which is then compiled to machine code using the respective high-level language compiler .
25	in other cases , a system may employ dynamic recompilation as part of an adaptive optimization strategy to execute a portable program representation such as java or .
19	history during the majapahit kingdom in the 15th century , bambu runcing fighting was practiced on the island of java .
21	career educated at dulwich college , dulwich , london , prior to entering politics he served as a vice consul in java between 1914 and 1920 .
9	there is confusion between hindu and buddhist rulers in java around that time .
26	distribution and habitat this species occurs naturally throughout most of southern mainland asia , from iraq to china , as well as on the island of java , at altitudes up to 2200 m. it has also been introduced to dozens of islands in the pacific and caribbean ( including saint lucia , jamaica and puerto rico ) , as well as a few in the indian ocean and mediterranean , as well as to mainland venezuela .
6	the mataram held considerable power in java , yet it submitted to the dutch .
31	however , once an activex control runs and is authorized by the user , it can gain all the privileges of the user , instead of being granted limited privileges as java or javascript do .
5	for example , suppose a java implementation creates a new generator for each call to the shuffler , without passing constructor arguments .
7	pig latin abstracts the programming from the java mapreduce idiom into a notation which makes mapreduce programming high level , similar to that of sql for rdbms systems .
4	examples are r , java , and python , each of which can be classified as free and open source software .
15	among the supported programming language and markup language are c , c++ , c# , java , javascript , php , html , latex , css , python , perl , ruby , pascal , haskell , erlang , vala and many others .
4	he visited singapore and java in 1870 and british india during 1870 -- 1872 to see the administration of british colonies .
19	massive online analysis ( moa ) : a real-time big data stream mining with concept drift tool in the java programming language .
7	in 1890 -- 1891 he traveled in java , sumatra , and borneo , where he made embryological studies , notably on the tarsier .
10	archaeopteryx is an interactive computer software program , written in java , for viewing , editing , and analyzing phylogenetic tree .
16	range nepal , sikkim - burma , thailand , laos , vietnam , south yunnan , java , lombok , peninsular malaysia , sumatra , borneo , andamans , nias , sulawesi , philippines , sula , bachan , halmahera , obi , bismarck archipelago and waigeu .
21	after the japanese surrender , relief flights and supply drops to thousands of internees in the pow camps were flown to java and sumatra , and in october the squadron moved to its new base near batavia , where the squadron passed to the control of the dutch naval aviation service on 8 december 1945 , keeping the same squadron number no . 321 squadron mld .
32	in 1875 , after a few months in tenerife , she began a journey round the world , and for two years painted the flora of california , japan , borneo , java and ceylon .
13	he belonged to a dynasty of kings who were descended from majapahit on java , and reigned from their palace ( puri ) in gelgel .
58	distribution and habitat asian common toads occur widely from northern pakistan through nepal , bangladesh , india including the andaman and nicobar islands , sri lanka , myanmar , thailand , laos , vietnam , cambodia and southern china , taiwan , hong kong and macau to malaysia , singapore , and the indonesia islands of sumatra , java , borneo , anambas and natuna islands .
31	libguestfs is also an api and its implementation as a library that can be linked with c and c++ management programs and has bindings for perl , python , ruby , java , ocaml , php , haskell , erlang and lua and golang and c# .
43	the english used , she found , was '' clear and smooth , if not poetic '' , and the interspersing of '' valuable , scattered information '' in the notes led readers to become '' impatient '' for a social history of java .
39	the large variety of species may be explained by the fact that some 6,000 years ago , the kapuas river , as a tributary of the sunda river , was connected to other tributary rivers of south sumatra , java and malay peninsula .
4	mmbase is written in java , it is open source software ( mozilla public license ) and uses open standards .
7	biju patnaik and his wife flew to java and brought sultan sjahrir out on a dakota reaching india via singapore on 24 july 1947 .
26	it consists of only one species , chamunda chamunda , which is found from assam to burma , thailand , laos , peninsular malaysia and possibly java .
38	it is found in nepal , china ( shaanxi , jiangsu , hunan ) , korea , japan , taiwan , india ( sikkim , meghalaya ) , sri lanka , thailand , vietnam , malaysia and on java , bali and borneo .
7	bodhisattvas a statue of prajñāpāramitā personified , java , indonesia bodhisattva means '' enlightenment being '' , and generally refers to one who is on the path to buddhahood .
25	the khmer empire grew out of these remnants of chenla becoming firmly established in 802 when jayavarman ii ( reigned c790-850 ) declared independence from java and proclaimed himself a devaraja .
25	in addition , bloomberg offers free blpapi sdks allowing bloomberg subscribers to build their own software which accesses market data in c , c++ , java , .net , python and perl on windows , linux , mac os x , and solaris .
8	jsword is a separate implementation , written in java , which reproduces most of the api features of the c + + api and supports most sword data content .
20	it is found in india , nepal , vietnam , sri lanka , peninsular malaysia , sumatra , borneo , java , bali and sulawesi .
10	dutch colonial architecture is most visible in indonesia ( especially java and sumatra ) , the united states , south asia , and south africa .
30	the javanese ( ngoko javanese : wòng jåwå , krama javanese : tiyang jawi , indonesian : suku jawa ) are an ethnic group native to the indonesia island of java .
27	re-implementations of quickcheck exist for c , c++ , chicken scheme , clojure , common lisp , d , erlang , f# , factor , io , java , javascript , node.js , objective-c , ocaml , perl , prolog , python , ruby , scala , scheme , smalltalk and standard ml .
3	these enhancements span java ( jdbc ) , c ( embedded sql and call-level interface ) , cobol ( embedded sql ) , php , and microsoft 's .net framework ( through the db2 .
19	applications may be written in the c language , c++ , python , perl , lua , javascript , java and microsoft .
15	october december october eugène dubois finds the first fragmentary bones of ) , or ' java man ' , at trinil on the solo river .
17	after the election the prn joined the national progressive fraction , a body of ten mps from java .
4	it is written in java and runs on microsoft windows , linux and mac os x .
12	it contains the single species blabioides snelleni , which is found on java .
7	; caveats cloud sites does not support java , tomcat , coldfusion , ssh , rdp , api access , microsoft exchange or custom server-side components at this time .
5	the pillars represent the two java mountains gunung agung and gunung merapi .
18	many of the projects at mirarco are completed using open source programming language , such as python , java , opengl , and processing , and some of mirarco 's lab computers feature the fedora linux operating system instead of , or in addition to , microsoft windows .
5	nagarakertagama , is an old java epic poem written during the majapahit golden age under the reign of hayam wuruk after which some events are covered narratively .
12	the current version of the history commons web application is written in java and runs on apache tomcat .
10	in computing , geoserver - an open-source server written in java - allows users to share , process and edit geospatial data .
6	leverage existing css , html and java .
27	each function includes a documentation string that is displayed to the user on request , a practice that subsequently spread to programming languages such as lisp and java .
7	in the non specific context of the java programming language , data access objects as a design concept can be implemented in a number of ways .
27	distribution this species is widespread in the indian ocean from the southern red sea to kwazulu-natal province in south africa and as far east as india and java .
21	biography otto lanz painted by jan toorop in 1927 jean theodoor toorop was born on 20 december 1858 in purworejo , java , dutch east indies to a dutch-indonesian father and a british mother .
27	the arab and indian traders had traveled this region including the southern tip of south east asia the peninsula with maritime trade , the sailendra kings of java originating from kalinga were able to take control of the peninsular and part of southern siam .
8	it is found in sri lanka , western java , eastern borneo and taiwan .
25	health officials report that 4,500 people have been hospitalized for the mosquito - borne disease , mostly in the capital and other parts of east java , including the city of yogyakarta .
6	he was buried at semarang in java aged 78 .
26	'' history establishment the early inhabitants of the present-day manila engaged in trade relations with its asian neighbors as well as with the hindu empires of java and sumatra , as confirmed by archaeological findings .
37	microsoft supplies an implementation for windows in their microsoft windows services for unix product ; in addition , a number of third-party implementation of onc rpc for windows exist , including versions for c / c++ , java , and .net ( see external links ) .
15	students isi yogyakarta enrolls about 2,000 students from all over the country , mainly from java and sumatra .
73	jpg sculpture of guardian at the entrance of the mandapam of sri jalagandeeswarar temple , vellore , tamil nadu south-east asia 9th century khmer lintel the sculpture of the region tends to be characterised by a high degree of ornamentation , as seen in the great monuments of hindu and buddhist khmer sculpture ( 9th to 13th centuries ) at angkor wat and elsewhere , the enormous 9th-century buddhist complex at borobudur in java , and the hindu monuments of bali .
26	atrophaneura sycorax is a species of butterfly from the papilionidae family that is found from south burma to peninsular malaysia , and in sumatra and west java .
8	c gave rise to c++ and later to java and c# , lisp to clos , ada to ada 2012 , and even cobol to cobol2002 , and new languages have emerged in that '' generation '' as well .
9	cookxml is a unique xml data binding engine in java .
6	in the fourteenth century , the java manuscript nagarakretagama , written by prapanca in 1365 , mentioned barune as the vassal state of majapahit , which had to make an annual tribute of 40 katis of camphor .
6	empire earth mobile was written in java form , and was developed by vivendi instead of stainless steel studios ( the makers of empire earth ) .
8	activiti is an open-source workflow engine written in java that can execute business processes described in bpmn 2.0 .
26	the mapguide platform can be deployed on linux or microsoft windows , supports apache and iis web servers , and offers extensive php , .net , java , and javascript apis for application development .
8	plugins may be developed using the cytoscape open java software architecture by anyone and plugin community development is encouraged .
19	some programming language directly support protocols or interfaces ( ada , c# , d , dart , delphi , java , logtalk , object pascal , objective-c , php , racket , seed7 , swift ) .
8	the dutch transferred large numbers of people from java to surinam .
26	dirsync pro is an open source synchronization and backup utility for windows , linux , mac os x , and all other operating system that run java .
15	for example , object-oriented programming languages such as c# , c++ , delphi , and java can separate concerns into objects , and architectural design patterns like mvc or mvp can separate content from presentation and the data-processing ( model ) from content .
6	along taiwan , the philippines , java , solomon islands , queensland , australia shell description the size of an adult shell varies between 50 mm and 89 mm .
22	the book 's thesis is that a global climatic catastrophe in ad 535 to 536 -- -- a massive volcanic eruption sundering java from sumatra -- -- was the decisive factor that transformed the ancient world into the medieval era ( and beyond ) .
2	openbravo 's java - based architecture focuses on two development models : model-driven development , in which developers describe the application in terms of models rather than code model-view-controller , a well established design pattern in which the presentation logic and the business logic are kept isolated these two models allow for integration with other programs and for a simple interface .
7	hamburger -- named after hamburg , germany java , slang for coffee -- from island in indonesia kansas city strip steak , an alternate name for strip steak in the united states ( where '' new york strip steak '' is also used ) and in canada key lime -- from the florida keys where it has been grown ; also known as west indian lime , bartender 's lime , omani lime , or mexican lime , korean tacos -- fusion dish popular in california , consisting of a korean - style filling placed on a small traditional mexican tortilla .
21	development faded out in the mid-1990s , but several ideas and some code from the project was later re-used in the java programming language libraries and the solaris operating system .
4	the architect ran to java and disappear at watu dodol .
20	in indonesia , the largest stock of dutch east indies - era buildings is found in the large cities of java .
40	biography dora van gelder was born at a dutch camp called tjeweng located about five kilometers south of djombang city situated in the dutch east indies , which at that time was a dutch colony and today is known as java .
3	thymeleaf is a java xml / xhtml / html5 template engine that can work both in web ( servlet - based ) and non-web environments .
20	the first hunslet engine built for export was their no. 10 , an 0-4-0st shipped via hull and rotterdam to java .
4	for instance , a java application may need to execute a system call .
8	in indonesia , especially on the island of java , the sultan 's divine right is more commonly known as the wahyu , or ` revelation ' , but it is not hereditary , and can be passed on to distant relatives .
4	for example , if java is extended with a better syntax for collections and then again extended with a better syntax for dates , these extensions will work well together .
13	it was described by snellen , in 1900 , and is known from java in indonesia .
10	the following implementation is valid c , c++ , and java .
8	may 27 a 6.3 magnitude earthquake strikes central java in indonesia , killing more than 6,000 , injuring at least 36,000 and leaving some 1.5 million people homeless .
13	there are language bindings for c , c++ , c# , delphi , java and many more .
4	it is found on java , sumatra , peninsular malaysia and borneo .
45	major austin a. straubel ( september 4 , 1904 february 3 , 1942 ) was commander of the 11th bombardment squadron and acting commander of the 7th bombardment group when he died from burns received in the crash of a b-18 bolo near surabaya , java .
21	then on 5 january 1942 , vice-admiral layton , who had replaced phillips , moved his headquarters to the island of java to streamline the organization of supply convoys to the dutch east indies and malaya .
8	it combines features of scheme , tcl and java .
25	on 8 january , new orders arrived , and she set a course for soerabaja , the dutch naval base on the northeast coast of java .
18	the exact native range is obscure due to extensive cultivation , but probably from malaysia , indonesia ( java , borneo , kalimantan , lesser sunda islands ) , and the philippines .
21	they requested day and the damarla venkatadri nayaka to wait until the sanction of the superior english presidency of bantam in java could be obtained for their action .
13	srp-6a implementation in ruby srp-6a implementation in php and javascript srp-6a implementation in java and javascript which uses on the server .
16	she joined ucla 's javanese and balinese gamelan ensembles and made 5 trips to bali and java to study new music for gamelan under the auspices of a university of california pacific rim research grant with colleagues linda burman-hall , sue carole devale , and david cope .
12	this strategy has been used by actionscript , c# , d , java , nemerle , object pascal ( delphi ) , objective-c , smalltalk , and swift .
16	calmeyer ( sometimes spelled ` calmejer ' ) was an island in the sunda strait between java and sumatra .
18	from 1990 until 1996 , geographic names for fragrances were used , such as africa , alaska , java , nevada , and inca .
1	for java programmers , this is roughly equivalent to '' ( ) '' .
14	some garbage-collected languages feature or support various levels of weak references , such as java , c# , python , perl , and lisp ， shell .
5	it has been written in java as a practical proof of concept , presented in the article .
3	jcreator is a java ide created by xinox software .
21	opencable uses scte standards for the video , transport and various interface requirements , but also adds a requirement for a java based software interpreter to support the opencable application platform ( ocap ) .
37	examples and other notations in most programming languages , 6.022 e23 or 6.022 e23 is equivalent to  , and  would be written 1.6e-35 ( e.g. ada , c++ , fortran , matlab , scilab , perl , java , python and lua .
16	it is found in the north-eastern himalaya , as well as on sumatra , borneo , java , bali , the philippines , sulawesi and the lesser sundas and in australia ( including queensland ) .
25	after leaving madagascar , it took another four months ( february to june 1596 ) for the ships to reach sumatra and finally bantam on java .
12	acrocercops autarithma is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from java , indonesia .
33	along with maps , the book also includes descriptions of the land , people and culture of the southern asia coast as far as brahamputra , the andaman islands , peninsular malaysia and java .
11	it was the last time she would visit her birthplace , java , and the year her dutch indies literature masterpiece heren van de thee was published .
13	in his words : releases the original identicon source package 0.1 was server-side java .
13	this is a direct link with the grand , courtly style of medieval java , irrecoverable today but for the field researches of colin mcphee in bali from 1931 to 1939 .
3	guerilla fighters from java had joined the local resistance .
11	it is endemic to indonesia , found on the island of java in jepara .
7	fx empire also offers a set of java style charts that were developed following interviews with forex traders , incorporating the data they find most useful and necessary .
31	plplot is a library of subroutines that are often used to make scientific plots in compiled languages such as c , c++ , d , fortran , ada , ocaml and java .
12	history jython was initially created in late 1997 to replace c with java for performance-intensive code accessed by python programs , moving to sourceforge in october 2000 .
31	since mgsi is a web service protocol , any programming language that has a soap or xml-rpc library available can be used to interface with it , although commonly c++ , java , perl , and php are used .
87	, -lcb- pc -rcb- 10 : address 11 : align 12 : l1 $ 13 : 0000 : 48656c6c string '' hello world '' 14 : direct 15 : end linker one and only one of the charm modules linked to form an executable program must contain a procedure matching one of the signatures : export proc ~ start ( ) export proc ~ start ( int argc , ref array ref array char argv ) this is analogous to the main function in the c and java languages .
11	the google guava is an open-source set of common libraries for java , mainly developed by google engineers .
12	another boat that washed up was the amsterdam that set sail to java but ended up being washed away at the sandy strip in 1749 .
17	a wayang puppet representing semar kebatinan , also called kejawen , agama jawa and kepercayaan is a java religious tradition , consisting of an amalgam of animistic , buddhist , and islamic , especially sufi , beliefs and practices .
17	it was in the batik factory where her father worked , that waldjinah began listening to traditional java song and music .
7	they have been found on sumatra , java , sulawesi and offshore ternate but are hitherto unknown from borneo and the lesser sunda islands where they conceivably might also occur .
17	pseudocolus fusiformis has been collected from a variety of locations worldwide , including australia , japan , java , the philippines , reunion island , the united states , and turkey .
15	using bison from other languages bison can only generate code for c , c++ and java .
48	to ceylon and return to avignon first he visited the shrine of st thomas near the modern madras , and then proceeded to what he calls the kingdom of saba , and identifies with the sheba of scripture , but which seems from various particulars to have been java .
6	she studied fagaceous trees in the java flora .
24	the scarce silverstreak , iraota rochana is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly with several subspecies found in ( manipur , burma , java , borneo , sumatra , malaya , langkawi , thailand , singapore , sulawesi and the philippines .
15	in his publication , '' hortus veitchii '' , james herbert veitch says he visited java in 1892 , '' to eat the mangosteen .
34	this organization is called multi-dimensional separation of concerns , and the paper describing it has been recognized as the most influential paper of the icse 1999 conference this new concept was implemented for composing java software , using the name hyper/j for the tool .
32	japan hong kong south korea united arab emirates philippines canada traditional performing arts music sundanese gamelan players indonesia is home to various styles of music , with those from the islands of java , sumatra and bali being frequently recorded .
4	in order to support java ibm 4690 os version 2 brought support for long filenames by means of a virtual filesystem ( vfs ) architecture and it introduced fat32 volumes .
15	callicarpa erioclona is a species of beautyberry native to vietnam , borneo , sulawesi , java , philippines , new guinea , and the bismarck archipelago .
1	in java , goto is a reserved word , but is unusable , although the compiled file .
18	the species was formally described in 1826 by botanist carl ludwig blume based on plant specimens collected from java .
9	in the pacific , it occurs off japan , java , australia and new zealand , and the hawaiian islands .
8	on 15 january wavell moved to bandung in java to assume control of abdacom .
42	educated at the anglo-chinese college on the island of kulangsu near xiamen , ( amoy ) and at a business college in jakarta , carlo tabalujan at the age of seventeen was stranded entirely alone and without money when the japanese occupied java .
4	it is written in java and released under epl and bsd licences ( formerly under gnu lgpl ) .
43	the introduction of the pad empty throne as an altar to the supreme god acintya , was the result of the 16th century hindu reformation mouvement led by dang hyang nirartha , at the time when islam was spreading from the west through java .
4	due to independence from java features beyond jdk 1.1 , nanohttpd is suited for embedded application development .
9	noscript allows executable web content such as javascript , java , flash , silverlight , and other plugins only if the site hosting is considered trusted by its user and has been previously added to a whitelist .
27	name and identity callaway speculates that the tree is '' a kind of aspen '' , and notes a similarity to the folklore surrounding the upas of java - a resemblance also mentioned by the botanist william turner thiselton-dyer in a comment published alongside parker 's letter .
18	it has escaped cultivation in some areas and become naturalized in florida and texas , united states ; java , indonesia ; the philippines ; and the west indies .
8	contrast with javadoc which is specialized to documenting java classes .
10	the dutch government established a civil and military system in java and sumatra early in the 19th century , the birds being obtained from baghdad .
9	no. 2 squadron also planned attacks on targets in java and practiced strikes against indonesia .
16	the company was bought by sun microsystems in 1997 , and the team got focused on java , releasing the hotspot virtual machine , and work on strongtalk stalled .
38	the venues , which are situated around the main lake in a similar fashion to the different islands of the indonesian archipelago , are thematically divided into six areas in respect to the main islands of indonesia ; java , sumatra , kalimantan ( borneo ) , sulawesi , the lesser sunda islands , maluku and papua .
7	kantega primarily develops bespoke software based on java and lightweight application frameworks , identity management and digital signature solutions based on pki and web services technology .
5	batik is a pure - java library that can be used to render , generate , and manipulate svg graphics .
12	migration the ethical policy first introduced the concept of transmigration from over-populated java to the less densely populated areas of sumatra and kalimantan , beginning with government-sponsored schemes from 1905 onwards .
19	unlike constraint programming toolkits , which expect users to write programs in a traditional programming language like c++ , java or prolog , minion takes a text file which specifies the problem , and solves using only this .
15	it is found in australia ( queensland , new south wales ) , indonesia ( java , borneo ) , china ( hong kong ) , taiwan , malaysia and thailand , as well as on fiji .
16	nutch is an effort to build an open source web search engine based on lucene and java for the search and index component .
44	british leaders were primarily interested in retaining control of singapore ; the military capacity of the dutch east indies had suffered as a result of the defeat of the netherlands in 1940 , and the dutch administration was focused on defending the island of java ; the australian government was heavily committed to the war in north africa and europe , and had few readily accessible military resources , and ; the united states was preoccupied with the philippines , which at the time was a u.s. commonwealth territory .
12	cisauk is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
11	live banners are built using technologies such as adobe flash , java , or microsoft silverlight , and usually employ animation together with text , images , graphics , sounds and video to catch the viewer 's attention .
13	in computing , toplink is an object-relational mapping ( orm ) package for java developers .
11	james gosling first thought of servlets in the early days of java , but the concept did not become a product until sun shipped the product .
11	many widely used programming languages such as c , c++ and java have ceased to be strictly von neumann by adding support for parallel processing , in the form of threads .
34	this release featured further performance optimizations for the 64-bit cpu architecture , as well as multithreading technologies , integration with microsoft sharepoint , microsoft office 2010 and other applications , the ability to generate java and c# code , and other gui and kernel improvements .
4	) ; runs on java 1.7 or higher upload several files in parallel supports about 110 one-click hosters auto update theme support multilingual drag and drop file uploading with login support retry failed uploads retrieve download & delete url links set upload limit bandwidth changing order of upload dynamically future in 2014 , the neembuu team released a new product called neembuu now .
31	- prostrate false buttonweed - florida , mississippi , alabama , west indies including puerto rico ; most of latin america ; naturalized in china , vietnam , sri lanka and java spermacoce remota - lam .
19	in 1994 , steele joined sun microsystems and was invited by bill joy to become a member of the java team after the language had been designed , since he had a track record of writing good specifications for existing languages .
39	cyathea gigantea is a species of tree fern native to northeastern to southern india , sri lanka , nepal to myanmar , thailand , laos , vietnam , the malay peninsula , as well as central sumatra and western java .
13	in response to this , many modern high-level computer languages ( for example java ) do not permit direct access to memory using addresses .
8	catan online world allows players to download a java application that serves as a portal for the online world and allows online play with other members .
27	the inconsistency in the order of parties according to votes received and seats allocated arose due to a special rule created to address uneven population distribution between java and other islands .
14	infrastructure the great post road ( grote postweg ) , spanning west to east java .
19	evidence for the earliest cultivation , however , comes from eighth century stone inscriptions from the central island of java , which show kings levied taxes in rice .
19	the javan tiger ( panthera tigris sondaica ) is an extinct tiger subspecies that inhabited the indonesia island of java until the mid-1970s .
20	agrostophyllum elongatum , the elongated agrostophyllum , is a member of orchidaceae , found in the philippines , borneo , java , malaysia , maluku , sumatra , new guinea , the solomons , vanuatu and micronesia .
13	mccabe had arranged for the gazelle to take o'reilly only as far as java , but adverse weather prevented the ship 's finding safe passage through the sunda strait .
31	it is known from australia ( new south wales , queensland ) , china ( yunnan , guangdong , hong kong ) , india ( karnataka , west bengal ) , java , japan ( honshū , the ryukyu islands , shikoku ) , myanmar , sri lanka and taiwan .
10	xi also ships a sdk that allows developers to create java - based custom resources to implement non-standard data integration .
6	it includes apis for both the java and the c# programming languages .
9	a new religion , islam , was introduced from java .
23	the relationships are specified in the science of object oriented design and object interface standards defined by popular use , language designers ( java , c++ , smalltalk , visual prolog ) and standards committees for software design like the object management group .
2	maven : java project management and comprehension tool mina : multipurpose infrastructure for network application , a framework to develop high performance and high scalability network applications .
5	playn is an open source java software framework and set of libraries intended to create multi-platform games and distributed under the apache license 2.0 .
9	-- free computer assisted translation tools platform cross-platform ( java ) .
9	the relief sculptures at the candi jago in east java are narratives of the mahabharata and are good examples of wayang style .
5	in 1993 he joined the java development team , writing the language 's compiler and taking responsibility for its first release to netscape in august 1995 .
14	it is found in australia and south-east asia , including borneo , sulawesi , java and malaysia .
7	it is popular on the islands of java and bali and their surroundings .
19	in jakarta , most cycle rickshaw drivers in the 1980s were former landless agricultural laborers from rural areas of java .
18	that year microsoft published a paper to demonstrate that its recent .net 1.0 framework was more productive than java .
29	they have a wide distribution , ranging from throughout malesia , in burma , cambodia , vietnam , thailand , malay peninsula , borneo , sumatra , philippines , java , flores , timor , sulawesi , moluccas , new guinea , further southwards through the east coast of queensland and new south wales , australia and further eastwards to the pacific islands , including tonga , new caledonia , fiji and samoa .
13	sciencenet current status currently ( march 2010 ) 35 low cost linux-pcs running java and yacy software share ~ 300,000,000 documents in a distributed peer2peer network .
30	common names in other languages and regions include petai hutan in borneo , yongchak in manipur , india , nitta tree and riang in thailand , kedawung and peundung in java , alai in sumatra , petai kerayong and batai hutan in malaysia , and kupang and amarang in the philippines .
12	, china , japan , thailand , new guinea , borneo , java and sulawesi .
32	newskies ( nss 6 ) , launched in december 2002 and positioned at 95 ° east , contains only k u - band transponders with a footprint on indonesia ( sumatra , java , borneo , celebes , bali , nusa tenggara , moluccas ) .
6	reflection some languages , such as java , have an explicit reflection subsystems which allow access to internal implementation structures even though they are not accessible or manipulable in the same way as ordinary objects .
11	this flight had batavia ( colonial jakarta ) on the island java in the dutch east indies as the final destination and was flown by a fokker f.vii with registration h-nacc and was piloted by van der hoop .
46	but the other glorious spices could also be found in calicut , cochin and other major markets on the malabar coast of india cinnamon was imported in large amounts from ceylon , while , from further east , via malacca , came long pepper ( from java ) , cloves ( grown exclusively in the moluccan islands of ternate and tidore ) and , in smaller amounts , highly valued nutmeg and mace ( grown only in the banda islands ) .
4	battlecode is programmed in java , and the ais ( called '' players '' ) are written as extensions of a base robot class .
24	it is native to southern china , india , sri lanka , thailand , cambodia , laos , vietnam , malaysia , indonesia ( java , sulawesi , kalimantan , sumatra ) , the philippines , new guinea and australia ( new south wales , queensland , northern territory and western australia ) .
29	beck 's concept of test-driven development centers on two basic rules : the book illustrates the use of unit testing as part of the methodology , including examples in java and python .
97	) qaghan -- central asian tribes saopha -- shan , king of shan , today as a part of myanmar susuhanan -- the indonesian princely state of surakarta until its abolition shahinshah or padshah or badshah - persia / iran '' king of kings '' or persian rulers in hindustan ( india ) shah -- persian/iranian and afghanistan and tajikistan king sheikh -- arabic traditional regional leader , principalities of ( bahrain , kuwait , qatar , uae ) sultan / sultana -- arabic king ( present oman and former ottoman empire ) aceh , brunei , java , oman , malaysia , sultan is the title of seven ( johor , kedah , kelantan , pahang , perak , selangor , and terengganu ) of the nine rulers of the malay states .
4	since liquid motion created java - based animations , they were cross-platform and browser-independent .
7	jmonkeyengine -- a game engine made in java .
0	java 's library contains a class , which implements a min-priority-queue .
9	latest release includes bundled support for both .net and java development environments ; and support for integration with the tigerlogic xdms product .
9	; : created by matthew sottile to rapidly build java prototype codes that use gep , which can then be written in a language such as c or fortran for real speed .
1	the java - based deegree framework is the most extensive implementation of ogc/iso standards in the field of free software .
17	the javanese ( descendants of contract workers from the former dutch east indies on the island of java , indonesia ) , form 13.7 % of the population .
20	sample code for calculating cddb1 disc ids in various programming languages is available on the web , such as in java .
9	one of the major features of hindu-buddhist architecture in java and bali is the ubiquitous kirtimukha over arches and doorways .
23	through assimilation related to trade , royal conversion , and conquest , islam had supplanted hinduism and buddhism as the dominant religion of java and sumatra by the end of the 16th century .
27	the species is found in kalimantan , bangladesh , india ( the andaman and nicobar islands , arunachal pradesh , assam and tripura ) , indonesia ( java , kalimantan , sumatra ) , peninsular malaysia , myanmar , thailand and the philippines .
1	in java , the chicken is usually marinated with the mixture of kecap manis ( sweet soy sauce ) and coconut oil , applied with a brush during grilling .
13	liferay portal is a free and open source enterprise portal project written in java and distributed under the gnu lesser general public license and optional commercial license .
17	programming language in basic , lisp - family languages , and c - family languages ( including java and c++ ) , operator means '' less than '' .
23	the malayan green whipsnake or malayan vine snake ( ahaetulla ahaetulla ) is a slender arboreal snake found in western peninsular malaysia , java and sumatra of indonesia , singapore , thailand and possibly laos up to elevation of 350 m. description and ecology the malayan green whipsnake is diurnal and mildly venomous .
3	bytecode compilers for java , python , and many more are also a subtype of this .
40	polling routers , switches and firewalls using snmp monitoring servers and operating systems ( processor load , disk usage , syslog , windows event logs ) extensible and open api which allows using languages such as perl , c++ , java , php , python network configuration & change management for network devices such as routers , firewalls support for ipv6 company background zyrion ( pronounced '' zeye-ree-on '' ) , was spun out of netscout systems by the core team of fidelia technology ( acquired by network general corporation in 2006 , which in turn was purchased by netscout ) .
19	history the origins of kedayans are somewhat uncertain , with some of them belief that their people originated from java , in which they came during the reign of bolkiah .
16	famous alumni include stephanie kwolek , inventor of kevlar ; james gosling , creator of the java programming language ; andy bechtolsheim , co-founder of sun microsystems ; pop artists andy warhol and burton morris ; former general motors ceo and secretary of defense , charles erwin wilson ; billionaire hedge fund investor david tepper ; mountaineer and author aron ralston ; and astronauts edgar mitchell ( of apollo 14 ) and judith resnik , who perished in the space shuttle challenger disaster .
32	relationship to the javanese tiger there are two common theories regarding the divergence of balinese and javan tigers : the first suggests that the two subspecies developed when bali became isolated from java by formation of the bali strait due to rising sea levels after the ice age .
11	aspectwerkz is a dynamic , lightweight and high-performance aop/aosd framework for java .
30	further evidence of this comes from a british explorer , thomas forrest , who in the 1770s wrote filipinos were '' fond of musical gongs which came from cheribon on java and have round knobs on them .
17	technologies apex apex is a proprietary programming language provided by the force.com platform to developers similar to java .
22	usage in languages such as eiffel , assertions form part of the design process ; other languages , such as c and java , use them only to check assumptions at runtime .
7	timothy budd later rewrote little smalltalk in java , and distributes it as the smallworld system .
15	the pelog has seven pitches per octave '' '' in the older ensembles of east java , one usually finds only one kempul , tuned to a pitch 6 or pitch 5 , and one gong ageng , with no siyem or gong suwukan .
73	extensible stylesheet language - a family of languages of which xslt is a member xquery and xslt compared xsl formatting objects or xsl-fo - an xml-based language for documents , usually generated by transforming source documents with xslt , consisting of objects used to create formatted output identity transform - a starting point for filter chains that add or remove data elements from xml trees in a transformation pipeline apache cocoon - a java - based framework for processing data with xslt and other transformers .
15	his research has taken him to highland ecuador , as well as to china and java .
10	oti was the company behind the visualage line smalltalk and java development tools that eventually culminated in the open source eclipse tool platform and integrated development environment ( ide ) .
5	this application is written in java and heavily uses swing to create the rather complex user interface .
12	system requirements and distribution types youtrack is cross-platform and works on any java - enabled operating system , including microsoft windows , linux ( *nix ) , mac os x and solaris .
20	modules have been made by members of the community to allow the use of the engine in languages such as java , c# , vb.net , and python , but c / c++ , blitzmax and lua are its originally targeted and officially supported languages .
7	) garay - sabah , sulawesi , java porrorhachis macrosepala ( schltr .
8	third-party client libraries are available in languages like java and tcl .
8	artifacts from the 2nd century northwest india to java and the philippines have been found at beikthano .
4	implementations or implementation in java .
19	after that he held various positions in the colonial government health system , in various cities in sumatra and java .
12	acrocercops haplocosma is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from java , indonesia .
25	a model transformation , which is essentially a program which operates on models , can be written in a general-purpose programming language , such as java .
22	some programmers consider the '' p-code '' generated by some pascal compilers , as well as the bytecode used by .net , java , basic and some c compilers to be token-threading .
28	while on akagi , hasegawa participated in the invasion of rabaul in january 1942 , the air strikes against darwin , australia in february , the invasion of java in the dutch east indies in march , and the indian ocean raid in april .
37	'' the bengal army was used in military campaigns in other parts of india and abroad : to provide crucial support to a weak madras army in the third anglo-mysore war in 1791 , and also in java and ceylon .
23	it supports building software in numerous languages , including c , c++ , clojure , erlang , go , groovy , haskell , java , javascript , perl , php , python , ruby and scala .
7	it is found in indonesia ( off java ) and singapore .
6	checked exceptions similar to those in java .
10	it is native to thailand , malaysia , sumatra , java and the andaman islands .
16	1 may willem johannes leyds , attorney-general of the south african republic , is born in java .
37	according to her résumé , which is shown in '' the possimpible '' , she is fluent in italian , certified in teaching english as a second language , and proficient in photoshop , quark , and java .
11	hadah , whose original name was autshumao , was taken to java in 1629 by the captain of the ship ` london ' to be taught english .
8	he specializes in teaching borland c++ builder and java .
8	after world war ii the squadron moved to java .
12	the story is set in a small village in the island of java , shortly after the nation 's independence .
20	it continued to attack japanese bases in malaya and convoys in the dutch east indies , relocating to semplak , java , in mid-february .
13	sea temples are erected on the coasts of bali , lombok , and java to appease the god or goddess of the sea .
10	geographical names usually applied to individual islands , such as java , one of the earliest identified island in the indonesian archipelago .
22	in the 1960s even more cases were reported from the region from locations such as : cambodia , guam , hawaii , java , thailand , sarawak , vietnam and the new hebrides ( vanuatu ) .
19	december 18 december -- a boat sailing from indonesia carrying over 200 asylum seekers sinks off the coast of java while heading for christmas island .
8	his original plan was to implement it in java , but it has since been started in python without his involvement .
10	plot a suicide bombing has occurred at a party in java , indonesia , and a javanese sultan 's daughter , sultana ( atiqah hasiholan ) , is suspected to be one of the unidentified victims .
4	it is found in java , the philippines , the new hebrides , woodlark island , new guinea , australia , china ( hainan ) and vanuatu .
27	originally designed by jakob schlyter of and roy arends of nominet in 2004 , funding was provided by verisign and ep.net to develop a prototype written in java ( david blacka and matt larson , verisign ) .
6	some programming languages , such as java , have two operators , one that employs minimal evaluation and one that does not , to avoid this problem .
32	python methods have an explicit self parameter to access instance data , in contrast to the implicit self ( or this ) in some other object-oriented programming languages ( e.g. c++ , java , objective-c , or ruby ) .
9	the station was exporting some 1,500 head annually to java via derby by 1915 .
19	there is also a free software emulator version of the squeezebox , called softsqueeze , which is written in java and can be run easily as an applet inside a web page .
16	virtually all of the object-oriented languages that came after -- flavors , clos , objective-c , java , python , ruby , and many others -- were all influenced by smalltalk .
34	they included 30 american army and navy officers and men who had been taken on bataan and corregidor , and 10 officers and men from the dutch army and merchant marine , captured in java .
4	an earthquake struck central java , indonesia on december 2 .
15	ms4 me supports the development and simulation of devs models via a natural language or java .
22	the population of indonesia according to the 2010 national census is 237.6 million , with 58 % living on the island of java , the world 's most populous island .
8	it is found on sumatra , borneo , java and possibly in cambodia .
8	the pertjajah luhur ( pl ) is a java political party in suriname .
16	the remains were taken over by a company led by three directors from new york , java and switzerland .
13	schouten was arrested ( and later released ) and his ship confiscated in java .
20	the cirebonese are an ethnic group centered on the city of cirebon in the northern part of the island of java in indonesia .
4	it is found on java and in australia , where it has been recorded from northern queensland .
4	cetus is written in java .
10	cactus is a simple test framework for unit testing server-side java code ( servlets , ejb , tag libs , ... ) from the jakarta project .
29	one group is attached to the western fleet , based in jakarta , and the other group is attached to the eastern fleet , based in surabaya , east java .
6	wikis generate html , css , java , and javascript which are then interpreted by a web browser .
26	actionscript ada autohotkey c / c++ cobol the cocoa objective-c frameworks coldfusion common lisp delphi delphi prism e ( ieee 1647 ) emacs lisp groovy haskell java aspectj javascript logtalk lua make matlab ml perl php prolog python racket ruby squeak smalltalk uml 2.0 xml see also aspect-oriented software development distributed aop attribute grammar , a formalism that can be used for aspect-oriented programming on top of functional programming languages programming paradigm subject-oriented programming , an alternative to aspect-oriented programming role-oriented programming , an alternative to aspect-oriented programming predicate dispatch , an older alternative to aspect-oriented programming executable uml comefrom : some elements of aspect-oriented programming have been compared to the joke comefrom statement .
15	training this section of cam-sust it wing trains the members programming languages ( c , java , objective c , python etc ) and markup languages ( html , html5 , css , js etc ) .
18	chinese boycott of portuguese chinese traders boycotted malacca after it fell under portuguese control , some chinese in java assisted in muslim attempts to reconquer the city from portugal using ships .
15	pelog is one of the two essential scales of gamelan music native to bali and java , in indonesia .
97	history vernacular names hodgsonia heteroclita male plant in the north , h. heteroclita : india , sikkim ( lepchas ) : kat ` hior-pot ; nagaland : assa ; kolasib : khaum china , yunnan : you-zha-guo ( 油渣果 , '' fat-cracklings fruit '' ) bangladesh : makal ; sylhet : goolur vietnam : béo , ké bao , muróp rùng , dây sén laos : mak klung in the south , h. macrocarpa : thailand , pattani : kāpā yê malaysia , malaya : akar kêpayang , kêlêpayang , pepayang , teruah , breuh indonesia , java : akar kêpayang ; ( sundanese ) : aroi pichung , chèlèng ; sumatra : bilungking , kadam imperial languages : ( english ) : kadam seed , kapayang , lard fruit ; chinese lardplant ( dutch ) : kadamzaad some of these names are ambiguous .
28	the university of helsinki has also demonstrated techila 's ability to enhance the usability and utilization of large-scale in projects implemented using matlab , r , python , java , and c / c++ / c# .
4	it originated from the java offered to louis xiv and bred in the jardin des plantes .
26	a subspecies called the trinil tiger ( panthera tigris trinilensis ) lived about 1.2 million years ago and is known from fossils found at trinil in java .
14	copy/paste detector ( cpd ) -- pmds duplicate code detection for ( e.g. ) java , jsp , c , c++ , coldfusion , php and javascript code .
24	it is found in india , nepal , southern china ( hainan , zhejiang and guangxi ) , vietnam , laos , thailand and java .
14	it is found in indian subregion and western china , as well as on java , borneo and taiwan .
22	elisabeth carolina '' lizzy '' van dorp ( september 5 , 1872 , arnhem september 6 , 1945 , banju biru , java ) was a dutch lawyer , economist , politician and feminist .
6	in indonesia in 8th century ancient java during the era of medang kingdom , manjusri was a prominent boddhisattva deity revered by the sailendra rulers , the patron of mahayana buddhism .
2	in the java language since version 8 , the option type is defined as parameterized final class optional .
11	it is a common migrant through coastal malaysia , sumatra and java with '' vast numbers '' crossing the strait of malacca .
5	snapper arrived at soerabaja , java , on 10 february and then continued on to fremantle , western australia .
10	it is therefore advisable to visit these sites only when java , activex and javascript as well as other scripting languages have been disabled in the browser and the system is fully patched .
5	its last operation was in java , where it remained until a dutch force arrived to take over .
5	they also provide libraries for java and other tools , including '' proofers '' to test for library adherence to the standard .
17	komodo ide an ide for python , perl , php and ruby netbeans , is written in java and runs everywhere where a jvm is installed .
68	- netezza objectstore oracle database -- all versions since oracle 4 orientdb postgresql rdb/eln rdm embedded real server rethinkdb sap hana scimoredb sones graphdb sybase sql anywhere sybase iq thinksql tibero -- all versions since tibero 3 tokumx zope object database other software with mvcc jboss cache -- v 3.0 ehcache -- v 1.6.0-beta4 clojure -- language software transactional memory pojo-mvcc -- a lightweight mvcc implementation written in java -- software transactional memory that implements the concept of proposed by joão cachopo and antónio rito silva , members of the version control systems any version control system that has the internal notion of a version ( e.g. subversion , git , probably almost any current vcs with the notable exception of cvs ) will provide explicit mvcc ( you only ever access data by its version identifier ) .
9	on 2 march , she put into tjilatjap , java , and took on board 12 members of the staff of the commander of the submarines of the asiatic fleet , for transportation to australia .
13	erubis erubis is an implementation of eruby implemented in ruby and also in java .
46	geographic range afghanistan , bangladesh , burma ( myanmar ) , cambodia , china ( zhejiang , hubei , jiangxi , fujian , guangdong , hainan , guangxi , yunnan , tibet , hong kong ) , india , sri lanka , indonesia ( sumatra , java ) , iran , laos , west malaysia , nepal , myanmar , pakistan ( sindh area ) , taiwan , thailand , turkmenistan , vietnam type locality : india .
24	some programming languages ( such as matlab ) allow block comments to be recursively nested inside one another , but others ( such as java ) do not .
27	only a few programming language support hot swapping natively , including pike , lisp , erlang , smalltalk , visual basic 6 ( not vb.net ) and java .
21	sometimes error hiding is a valid activity , for example accessing the contents of a file that does not exist in java version 1.3 or older would result in an ioexception message without any reference to the missing file .
22	the ship stopped on 8 january at prince 's island in the straits of sunda between the indonesia islands of sumatra and java for fresh water and other supplies and reached cape town near the cape of good hope on 11 march .
20	a service component architecture would further simplify the implementation of control mechanisms , especially if a single application language like java was used for all custom applications in the enterprise .
7	serayu river is a river in southern java , indonesia .
16	it supports boo , c , c++ , c# , cil , d , f# , java , oxygene , python , vala , and visual basic.net .
40	contrasting karel the robot with karel + + syntax and methodology karel the robot , released in 1981 , contains syntax and methodology copied from pascal ; whereas karel + + provides a basis for the logistics of c++ and java .
25	early life and career her serene highness princess marsi paribatra was born in bangkok , thailand , but spent much of her childhood abroad in java , indonesia and england , united kingdom , as her father left thailand in the wake of the siamese revolution of 1932 .
15	july - september a magnitude 6.8 earthquake struck the indian ocean to the south of java , indonesia on july 7 at a depth of 0.0 km .
24	maria hertogh early life maria hertogh was born on 24 march 1937 to a dutch catholic family living in tjimahi , near bandung , java , then a part of the dutch east indies .
9	in 1902 he performed botanical duties at buitzenborg , java in an effort to distribute plants to africa , new guinea , samoa and the carolines for agricultural purposes .
10	the most active volcanoes are kelud and mount merapi on java island , which have been responsible for thousands of deaths in the region .
8	cephas was recognized for his contributions to preserving java 's cultural heritage through membership in the royal netherlands institute of southeast asian and caribbean studies and an honorary gold medal of the order of orange-nassau .
6	though a voyage from holland to java ( port to port ) normally took a 100 days or more , the kosmopoliet completed her maiden voyage in 89 days .
7	assembly , c , c++ , early java , and fortran do not generally fit into this category .
11	1527 ) , and belonged to a dynasty of immigrants from java .
7	ecological significance a terrestrial nemertean from west java .
7	the documentary was filmed in sumatra , java , bali , africa , hawaii and australia .
22	many programming languages have a cross-platform reference implementation that supports linux , for example php , perl , ruby , python , java , go , rust and haskell .
31	a number of programming languages support prepared statements in their standard libraries and will emulate them on the client side even if the underlying dbms does not support them , including java 's jdbc , perl 's dbi , php 's pdo and python 's db-api .
13	interfaces in haxe are very similar to those in , for example , java .
71	versions outside india rama ( yama ) and sita ( me thida ) in the burmese version of the ramayana , yama zatdaw the following are among the versions of the ramayana that have emerged outside india : cambodia - reamker thailand - ramakien laos - phra lak phra lam lanna - phommachak tai lü - langka sip hor burma ( myanmar ) - yama zatdaw malaysia - hikayat seri rama java , indonesia - kakawin ramayana bali , indonesia philippines - maharadia lawana nepal - the nepal bhasa version called siddhi ramayan was written by mahakavi siddhidas mahaju amatya during nepal bhasa renaissance era and the khas language ( later called '' nepali '' ) version of bhanubhaktako ramayan by bhanubhakta acharya marked the first epic written in the language .
3	being based on java , it is portable and can both be run locally and as an applet .
15	d. eriantha is found in and around southern china and in indochina , sumatra , java , borneo and the philippines .
12	the '' hyang '' derivation in other placenames on the island of java , as in the dieng plateau in the center , or the hyang plateau in the east .
27	if the interview is for general programming or development position , a thorough knowledge of one mainstream language such as c , c++ , c# , or java may be enough to get by .
22	nevertheless , the northern kingdom engaged in its share of trade with many of the other states in the region , including java , sumatra , and the ayutthaya kingdom of siam .
18	examples of such plug-ins are microsoft silverlight , adobe flash , adobe shockwave , and applet written in java .
13	it is found in the north-eastern himalaya and on borneo , sumatra and java .
8	it enables writing actor programs in the usual java syntax .
8	the concept gained its elaborate manifestations in ancient java and cambodia , where monuments such as prambanan and angkor wat were erected to celebrate the king 's divine rule on earth .
15	he saw service in the middle east as a 2/3rd machine gunner and then in java , indonesia , where he was captured by the japanese .
29	( see indonesian killings of 1965–66 ) during the 1930s the dutch colonial powers initiated a '' transmigration plan '' to move people from heavily populated islands such as java , to the less populated islands of irian jaya and kalimantan .
1	a java version remake of the game has also been released .
3	beanshell is a java - like scripting language , invented by patrick niemeyer .
19	singapore was under attack before they arrived and they were redeployed to batavia on the jungle covered island of java on 3 february 1942 .
4	doja profile is a java application environment specification for docomo 's i-mode mobile phone .
13	at the end of the month , she was making patrols south of java , sinking a merchant vessel on 1 march .
9	he was an oversea chinese who was born in java , indonesia , and whose family place of origin was fujian .
24	however , unlike the earlier production melati van agam dealt with a then-relatively unknown culture ; previous works had dealt with ethnic groups from java .
13	ironpython - python for .net and mono platforms jython - python coded in java parrot - virtual machine being developed mainly as the runtime for perl 6 , but with the intent to also support dynamic languages like python , ruby , tcl , etc. psyco - not an implementation , but jit compiler for cpython pypy - python ( originally ) coded in python , used in conjunction rpython , a restricted subset of python that is amenable to static analysis and therefore a jit .
24	oberonia titania or soldier 's crest orchid is a member of the oberonia ( '' fairy orchids '' ) , and is found in java , north queensland , new south wales , new caledonia and norfolk island .
3	it parallels a java map , which comprises key-value pairs .
5	while freenet was implemented in java , winny was implemented as a windows c++ application .
7	the distance to the cruising grounds around java and celebes were so great that one of her ballast tank was converted to carry diesel fuel in order to manage the 4,800 mile round trip .
14	masked members of a christian militia surrounded the village , populated mainly by resettled java cacao farmers who had previously lived in south sulawesi , and captured the village women and children and some men .
16	he received at his court a brahmin sage called nirartha who fled from chaotic conditions on java .
30	mathomatic can be used as a floating point or integer arithmetic code generating tool , simplifying and converting equations into optimized assignment statement in the python , c , and java programming languages .
23	gaplek , a dried form of cassava , is an important source of calories in the off-season in the limestone hills of southern java .
21	several example implementations exist : smalltalk / squeak , c++ , c# , ruby , javascript , python , qi4j ( java ) , scala , perl , and php .
22	it is found in india , myanmar , tadzhikistan , afghanistan , korea , taiwan , malaysia , the philippines and on java and timor .
6	'' history and tradition people in java , bali and madura usually make tumpeng to celebrate important event .
5	in 2003 , vendors of java - based enterprise portals produced a standard known as jsr-168 .
7	beet river is a river in northern java , indonesia .
12	original release panotools consists of the following components : ; pteditor : java interactive panorama editor .
15	in response , former president suharto began an initiative to construct more mosques of the java triple-roofed design .
2	provide a java implementation licensed under the gnu general public license with the '' library exception '' , which permits its use as a library in conjunction with non-free software .
12	mml compositions can , for instance , be rendered via a simple java plug-in .
10	technology projektron bcs is a 3-tier software , based on java .
2	is a java implementation of linq .
9	the xalan xslt processor is available for both the java and c++ programming language .
13	at the end of the burma campaign , harper accompanied the 3rd/9th to java as part of the 5th indian division where indonesia nationalists had proclaimed independence from dutch rule , and the withdrawal of the japanese to their barracks had created a breakdown of law and order .
13	according to one popular tradition , the pesantren education system originated from traditional java pondokan ; dormitories ; ashram for hindu or vihara for buddhist to learn religious philosophies , martial arts and meditation .
17	co bought her in november of that year and renamed her gunung djati after the 16th century java wali sanga sunan gunungjati .
3	tasman served the java -- south africa route until transferred to the south pacific new zealand - sydney service .
15	'' smalltalk is a '' pure '' object-oriented programming language , meaning that , unlike java and c++ , there is no difference between values which are objects and values which are primitive types .
53	on-device portals can be targeted to a specific mobile operating system or provide multi-platform support allowing operators to achieve a consistent , branded experience across of all devices whether they run on symbian ( symbian os ) , microsoft ( windows mobile ) , brew ( binary runtime environment for wireless ) , java or research in motion ( rim ) platforms .
6	it is found on flores and java .
11	about half of the 2.4 million inhabitants of indonesian papua are java migrants .
2	borobodur , java , indonesia the infinite life sūtra , or longer sukhāvatīvyūha sūtra ( ; ) is a mahāyāna buddhist sūtra , and the primary text of pure land buddhism .
16	columba is an open source email client for unix-like operating systems and windows , written in java .
6	the main technologies glance utilizes are java and activex ; the program automatically chooses which protocol to use based on the needs and capabilities of the host system .
8	the railway system has four unconnected networks in java and sumatra primarily dedicated to transport bulk commodities and long-distance passenger traffic .
4	maestro is written in java , so it will run on many different platforms including microsoft windows , macintosh , solaris , linux , and irix .
7	at this locomotive was placed on the java rack railway for the first time .
51	in his poems he writes about sindh and its neighboring regions , he mentions the distant cities such as istanbul and samarqand , he also writes about sindhi sailors ( samundi ) their navigation techniques , voyages as far as to the malabar coast , sri lanka and the island of java .
15	with british force 66 , cummings sortied 15 may for air strikes on soerabaja , java , then she left the british forces and returned to pearl harbor via sydney .
15	origin the term '' hyang '' now widely associated with balinese hinduism developed in ancient java and bali for more than a millennia ago .
12	as tagore 's emissary , he visited sri lanka , burma and java and bali , in today 's indonesia to learn music and dance of neighbouring countries .
11	satu suro has numerous associations in folk tales and superstitions in java , indonesia that vary considerably through regional variation in cultural practices .
34	on 5 january , the deputy commander of abda naval forces , rear admiral arthur palliser made layton the senior naval officer at tanjong priok , the port for batavia ( jakarta ) , java .
21	string interning is supported by some modern object-oriented programming language , including python , ruby ( with its symbols ) , java and .net languages .
32	the kharavelan jain empire included a maritime empire with trading routes linking it to sri lanka , burma , thailand , vietnam , cambodia , borneo , bali , sumatra , and java .
13	it contains only one species , eustenia acuminatalis , which is found on java .
9	enumerators an enumerator ( not to be confused with java 's enumeration interface ) is a convenient abstraction for feeding data into an iteratee from an arbitrary data source .
8	krakatoa is , in fact , west of java .
32	developers can write code for cloud services in a variety of different programming languages ; however , there are specific software development kit ( sdks ) started by microsoft for python , java , node.js and .net .
15	an earlier tool with a similar function also called python server pages but based on java and jpython was first released in 1999 .
12	from 2011 to march 2014 , the team built 30 bridges on java and 6 on sulawesi .
12	solear is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
4	peltata is native to java , bali , new guinea and christmas island .
24	elymnias nesaea hypereides fruhstorfer , 1903 - n. borneo elymnias nesaea coelifrons fruhstorfer , 1907s - borneo elymnias nesaea hermia fruhstorfer , 1907e - java elymnias nesaea baweana hagen , 1896 -- bawean elymnias nesaea vordemani snellen , 1902 - kangean is .
34	opposing the australians were a number of indonesian units , including elements of the resimen para komando angkatan darat ( rpkad ) and the diponegoro division , normally based in kodam 7 in central java .
22	the eldest , sir stephen john bull , 2nd baronet ( 1904 -- 1942 ) , was killed on active service in java , east indies .
16	in march 1942 , kaga , based out of staring-baai , helped cover the invasion of java , although her only contribution appears to have been aircraft for the 5 march 1942 airstrike on tjilatjap .
11	it is found in indonesia ( it was described from eastern java ) .
5	the software was written in java , with some c code to integrate a third party native library used for the voice over ip conferencing functionality .
9	plot young pei fen goes from mainland china to java .
12	his two elder brothers were vassal princes of blambangan and pasuruan on java .
12	history the initial cup competition started by local amateur football organiser in java , 1985 .
56	hinduism in southeast asia gave birth to the former champa civilization in southern parts of central vietnam , funan in cambodia , the khmer empire in indochina , langkasuka kingdom , gangga negara and old kedah in the malay peninsula , the sriwijaya kingdom on sumatra , the singosari kingdom and the majapahit empire based in java , bali , and parts of the philippine archipelago .
20	initially , the apis were defined in the c programming language only , but as of july 2008 , the java mapping of the different service apis is being released incrementally .
6	it is found in forests in java and perhaps bali , although sightings there have not been verified .
17	range assam , myanmar , malaya , thailand , pulau , tioman , langkawi , andamans , java , sumatra , borneo , batu islands , nias , flores , natuna islands , palawan .
9	openjava is a programming tool that parses and analyzes java source code .
21	programs that call swt are portable , but the implementation of the toolkit , despite part of it being written in java , is unique for each platform .
5	originally , jain stood for java api for intelligent network .
16	in 2004 , beust was hired by google to help the search company with its nascent java efforts .
8	activejpa is an open-source application framework written in java for object-relational mapping .
27	in its modern sense within indonesia social , cultural and politics perspective ; javanization could means simply as the spreading of rural javanese population of densely populated java to less populated parts of archipelago , or outer island .
5	the fleet withdrew first to java and , following the fall of singapore , to trincomalee , ceylon ( now sri lanka ) .
10	before the 16th century , pepper was being grown in java , sunda , sumatra , madagascar , malaysia , and everywhere in southeast asia .
29	indonesians worldwide malaysia an estimated 2,500,000 indonesian citizens in malaysia soil at any given time , due to a constant migration since the age of antiquity from sumatra , java , kalimantan and celebes , the number of malaysian with at least some indonesian ancestry may be up to millions more .
16	nieuws van den dag voor nederlandsch-indië was a dutch language newspaper published on the island of java in the dutch east indies ( modern-day indonesia ) .
32	1949 the united states of indonesia january : sri sultan hamengkubuwana ix resigns as head of the yogyakarta district after refusing dutch attempts at persuading him to become leader of a new java state .
5	the compiler is implemented in java .
10	fhtml can be used with server-side web technologies such as java , .net framework and php , and includes a layout engine that is more flexible than css .
25	the species is reportedly naturalized in hawaii , china ( hainan , hong kong , taiwan ) , japan , sri lanka , thailand and java .
2	jar bundler java tool that aids in packaging an application 's component files into a single double-clickable application .
38	developed by mathworks , matlab allows matrix manipulations , plotting of functions and data , implementation of algorithm , creation of user interface , and interfacing with programs written in other languages , including c , c++ , java , fortran and python .
12	it is found in thailand , sri lanka , taiwan , western java and western sumatra .
4	the ship sailed for java in october 1628 as part of a flotilla commanded by commandeur francisco pelsaert , and arrived safely in the banda strait in july 1629 .
17	geographic range it is found in borneo , brunei , cambodia , northeastern india , indonesia , java , kalimantan , laos , malaysia , myanmar , sabah , sarawak , singapore , thailand , and vietnam .
5	factorypmi box factorypmi is a java based scada product by inductive automation containing three main components : the runtime , gateway , and designer .
11	many of sri lanka 's batik paintings are imported directly from java village artists .
12	p. xanthochymum is found in found in sumatra , peninsular malaysia , java and borneo .
18	dutch ichthyologist pieter bleeker first referenced the honeycomb whipray as trygon undulata , in a 1950 list of java fishes .
7	a magnitude 7.7 earthquake struck south of java , indonesia on july 17 at a depth of 20 km .
12	on 18 february , the remaining allied aircraft and aircrews moved to java .
27	created by savage innovations , this pic microcontroller comes with an ide ( integrated development environment ) that supports programming in syntaxes based on the basic , java and c programming languages .
6	examples in ada , d , java , perl and ruby , integer literals and float literals can be separated with an underscore ( ) .
12	it is found in sri lanka , india , peninsular malaysia , java and borneo .
18	sailing from fremantle 29 february , haddo embarked on her fifth war patrol in waters off borneo , java , and indochina .
22	the javan elephant ( elephas maximus sondaicus ) was a critically endangered subspecies of the asian elephant native to the island of java with the last surviving members found on the island of borneo after they were introduced there , saving the subspecies from extinction .
36	it is considered native to china ( hainan region ) , the ryukyu islands , bangladesh , india , sri lanka , the andaman and nicobar islands , cambodia , thailand , vietnam , borneo , java , maluku , malaya , the philippines , sulawesi , sumatra , the bismarck archipelago , new guinea , the solomon islands , the caroline islands , queensland , and the australian northern territory .
9	the colonial authorities therefore resolved to exile him to java and from thence to ambon island .
14	it is found in north-eastern india , peninsular malaysia , sumatra , borneo , java and bali .
9	steers was an island in the sunda strait between java and sumatra .
33	although linois was not aware of the weakness of the convoy 's defences , he knew of its importance and value and determined to intercept it , using batavia on the island of java as his main base .
19	it is found in northern borneo , the natuna and the derawan islands , islands off western sumatra and java .
25	rajendra 's territories extended coastal burma , the andaman and nicobar islands , lakshadweep , maldives , conquered the kings of srivijaya ( sumatra , java and malay peninsula in south east asia ) and pegu islands with his fleet of ships .
12	nomis is the founder and ceo of ippon technologies , a global java consulting company .
7	although he had planned to move to java to work at the bosscha observatory , he took a position at the yerkes observatory of the university of chicago and became an american citizen in 1937 .
27	these aircraft flew between britain and egypt ( with an extensive detour around spain over the atlantic ) , and they were used in the evacuation of java in the east indies .
6	summary once upon a time in java , there was a poor widow named mbok srini that lived alone in her humble house on the edge of the jungle .
37	the standard defines the syntax and semantics of a core of library routines useful to a wide range of users writing portable message-passing programs in different computer programming languages such as fortran , c , c++ and java .
14	in 1812 , sir thomas stamford raffles , then lieutenant-governor of the island of java , removed it along with the so-called '' calcutta stone '' as a token of appreciation to his superior , then british governor general of india , lord minto .
11	7 october 1940 : pinguin captured the tanker storstad south of java .
14	subsequently , shirakumo was assigned to '' operation j '' ( the invasion of java ) and on 1 march at the battle of sunda strait she assisted in the sinking of the australian cruiser and the american cruiser .
1	besides java and chinese girls brought in from the far east , '' red '' ( non-negroid ) ethiopian young females were among the most valued concubines .
16	sebuku ( also spelled seboekoe or sebeekee ) is an island in the sunda strait between java and sumatra .
8	it is found on lombok , bali , java and possibly borneo .
14	indonesia 's most active volcanoes are kelut and mount merapi on the island of java .
4	architecture cloveretl is a java - based etl tool with open source components .
12	requirements pythagoras runs on a pc or any other platform that supports java 1.5 and jaxb 2.0 .
29	as of 2007 , more than 593 million people lived in the region , more than a fifth of them ( 125 million ) on the indonesian island of java , the most densely populated large island in the world .
7	bleaching was recorded in east sumatra , java , bali , and lombok .
12	it contains the single species katmeteugoa hampsonia , which is found on java .
11	he mounted a military expedition against the dutch and french in java , indonesia .
18	it is found in sri lanka , india , hong kong and on peninsular malaysia , borneo , java and possibly the philippines and sulawesi .
11	basic technology of intergator is lucene and the programming language is java .
89	the project was officially announced by microsoft at the end of july 1996 that a native version of ie for '' solaris and other popular variants of unix '' would be finished by the end of the year , which would have '' equivalent functionality as that provided in microsoft internet explorer 3.0 '' , thus '' delivering on its commitment to provide full-featured web browser support on all major operating system platforms '' as well as '' supporting and promoting open standards , including html , activex and java '' .
24	in addition , these tools normally provide extension mechanisms for software integration , such as an http interface to a web site and a java interface for connecting to a database .
9	he also invested in rubber plantations in malaya , java and borneo .
20	language support c++ 's vector is an implementation of dynamic arrays , as are the arraylist classes supplied with the java api and the .net framework .
1	in java the following is a syntactically correct statement : while the following is not : the second example would theoretically print the variable hello world instead of the words hello world .
7	he was the champion of the island java ( now jawa , indonesia ) , and played alexander alekhine in a simultaneous game in batavia ( now jakarta ) in 1933 .
35	the school also lists an '' advanced placement '' computer science course using c++ , though this has been discontinued by the college board as an option in their ap program , which exclusively emphasizes java .
8	it is found on sumatra , borneo , java , the sangihe islands , bali and the philippines .
20	when the japanese occupied the indies in february 1942 , nio was one of at least 542 ethnic chinese from java and madura who were arrested and detained .
1	syntax java , c++ , c# , actionscript , and have a naming convention in which constructors have the same name as the class of which they are associated with .
26	this other philosophy is often found in scripting language ( as in python or ruby ) or languages that use a virtual machine , such as java or the .net framework languages .
41	type-based alias analysis if the language being compiled is type safe , the compiler 's type checker is correct , and the language lacks the ability to create pointers referencing local variables , ( such as ml , haskell , or java ) then some useful optimizations can be made .
3	kawi originated in java , and was used across much of maritime southeast asia .
20	in software engineering practice , they are often called signal and wait , release and acquire ( which the standard java library uses ) , or post and pend .
3	xito is a java based portable desktop environment .
10	the same month , nwa 's liberators attacked targets in java in the lead-up to the battle of tarakan that commenced on 1 may .
3	for example , java will not allow a float value to be assigned to a variable declared as an int without additional syntax explicitly stating that intention , while c and c++ will automatically truncate any floats assigned to an int .
19	the established studies by several historians associated this kingdom with srivijaya and pointed its location somewhere in sumatra , java or malay peninsula .
10	the wayang museum ( ) is a museum dedicated to java wayang puppetry .
9	membership the strength of sobri was mainly concentrated to java .
23	deena burton ( september 23 , 1948 -- april 3 , 2005 ) was an american dancer , specializing in the field of java and bali dance .
9	it is similar to the final type modifier in java or php .
8	mount lawu ( 3,265 m ) in central java , indonesia mount victoria , ( 3,100 m ) located in nat ma taung , in the southern chin state of myanmar .
34	the battalion spent christmas 1941 in brisbane , but before new year 's day , it was again on the high seas , aboard the dutch freighter bloemfontein , bound for the island of java in the dutch east indies , via darwin , australia , escorted part of the way by the cruiser , and escorted from darwin by , flagship of rear-admiral glassford , the light cruiser and the destroyers , , , and .
8	distribution this plant occurs naturally in borneo , java and philippines .
15	portability spec benchmarks are written in a platform neutral programming language ( usually c , java or fortran ) , and the interested parties may compile the code using whatever compiler they prefer for their platform , but may not change the code .
15	it is found in the western pacific , from the ryukyu islands and taiwan to java and northwestern australia .
2	hornstedt left java in august 1784 , suffering the after-effects of malaria and jaundice , but even so managed to return with an impressive collection of natural history and ethnological objects .
7	the production will be incorporated to the java - bali 150kilovolt transmission system in 2015 .
6	f. rigida blume , native to java , borneo , new guinea , the philippines roxburghiana wall .
12	after singapore , hennell went to indonesia and was at surabaya in java when he was captured by indonesian nationalist fighters in november 1945 and was presumed to have been killed shortly thereafter .
10	under indonesia 's transmigration programme , settlers from densely populated java and madura were encouraged to settle in the indonesian provinces of borneo .
18	the invasion of the netherlands east indies , including the invasions of tarakan island , balikpapan and eastern java .
13	as a consequence , there was a huge drop for languages such as java and c++ , yet these languages have stayed at the top of the table .
25	1503 - mar elijah , patriarch of the east syrian church , sends three missionaries '' to the islands of the sea which are inside java and to china .
19	this specialized academy teaches students about computers , with most of its focus on programming in languages such as java , visual basic , and c++ .
10	teluknaga is a town in the province of banten , java , indonesia .
3	xena is a java application developed by the national archives of australia .
25	'' nexaweb technology the nexaweb enterprise web suite ( nexaweb ews ) includes legacy code analysis and capture tools and cloud application reference frameworks for java and ajax .
4	as with most of java , the bojonegoro landscape is dominated with rice paddy fields .
12	eleven free dutch submarines operated out of fremantle after the invasion of java , the joint no . 18 ( netherlands east indies ) squadron raaf , established in 1942 and no . 120 formed at canberra , was a combined dutch and australian squadron with dual command , it used b-25 mitchell bombers , paid for by the dutch government before the war .
5	example of such languages include java , python , and ruby .
8	it is found in malaya , sumatra , java and borneo .
21	it is typical for the expected interface to be created as a pure interface class , especially in languages such as java that do not support multiple inheritance .
5	the product is written in java , and based on the tomcat server with a postgresql backend ( other databases are also supported ) .
5	during a visit to a java village , captain takeo shimazaki ( jundai yamada ) and his translator yamana ( naomasa musaka ) are told that their arrival was predicted by king jayabaya centuries before .
3	) however , java does not have generators built into the language .
14	dendrobium mutabile , the variable dendrobium , is a species of orchid native to java and sumatra .
22	variants an h6k2-l navy transport flying boat type 97 ; h6k1 operators royal air force mechanics inspecting an h6k at soerabaja , java , prior to a test flight in january 1946 .
23	a similar project in very early stages of development is red horizon , which tries to create tools and a game engine in java .
25	for business process modeling , object-oriented programming ( oop ) and object-oriented analysis and design ( ooad ) code generation for different programming language : java , c# , visual basic.net and c++ .
7	the factorypmi runtime or client is a java application typically launched from a web browser .
32	testcomplete is used for testing many different application types including web , windows , android , ios , wpf , html5 , flash , flex , silverlight , .net , vcl and java .
11	china , thailand , peninsular malaysia , borneo , sumatra , java ( indonesia ) and the philippines .
13	there was a dispute about geopolitical relations between sunda and majapahit ( i.e. java ) .
17	the dutch colonial government also established a number of universities for native indonesian on the island of java , such as : school tot opleiding van inlandsche artsen or stovia , a medical school in batavia nederland-indische artsen school or nias , a medical school in surabaja rechts hoge school , a law school in batavia de technische hoges school , or ths , a technic school in bandoeng by the 1930s , the dutch had introduced limited formal education to nearly every province of the dutch east indies .
4	in order to support java applications , the flexos - based ibm 4690 os version 2 introduced its own virtual file system ( vfs ) architecture to store long filenames in the fat file system in a backwards compatible fashion .
18	gesang martohartono ( 1 october 1917 -- 20 may 2010 ) was a renowned indonesia singer-songwriter from central java .
3	an example in java follows : class account -lcb- / / this is a monitor of an account long val = 0 ; object thislock = new object ( ) ; public void deposit ( const long x ) -lcb- lock ( thislock ) -lcb- / / only 1 thread at a time may execute this statement val + = x ; -rcb- -rcb- public void withdraw ( const long x ) -lcb- lock ( thislock ) -lcb- val - = x ; -rcb- -rcb- -rcb- the code lock ( this ) is a problem if the instance can be accessed publicly .
6	language support many languages , including java and functional language , do not provide language constructs for inline functions , but their compilers or interpreters often do perform aggressive inline expansion .
5	in 1825 he traveled to java with salomon müller in order to collect specimens for the museum .
16	pl/sql ( oracle corporation 's proprietary procedural extension to sql ) , or the object-oriented language java can invoke such code objects and/or provide the programming structures for writing them .
10	biography she was born at sea off the coast of java , '' her christening robe was the union jack '' and the birth was registered on thursday island .
13	grammars written in gf can be compiled into different formats including javascript and java and can be reused as software components .
8	in indonesia like in kalimantan , sumatra , java and may occur in bali ; in the west coast of malaysia and also in thailand , cambodia , and vietnam but not east of the wallace line .
12	platform cerf is client-server software that supports web client , multi-platform desktop java clients ( windows , mac os x ) , and ipad clients .
3	the free-to-play , java - based game was released in 2011 , and continues to be updated .
35	in this aspect , csound and rtcmix have since evolved to work effectively as software libraries which can be accessed through a variety of frontend and programming languages , such as c , c++ , java , python , tcl , lua , lisp , scheme , etc. , as well as other music systems such as pure data , max/msp and plugin frameworks ladspa and vst .
17	air -- conditioned and well furnished programming labs equipped with latest versions of software like oracle , java , vb , c++ , under unix , windows , linux environment .
10	embedded controls can be of any type , such as java or activex , book 1 § 15.2.8 .
36	following their arrival at kupang , yachts are invited to a number of events there and at locations on the islands of alor , lembata , flores , sulawesi , borneo , bali , karimunjava , java , and batam before they leave indonesian waters and head for singapore , malaysia , and thailand .
30	in 1922 a dutch provincial grand lodge , under the grand orient of the netherlands , at weltevreden ( batavia ) controlled twenty lodges in the colony : fourteen in java , three in sumatra and others in makassar and salatiga .
17	code generation libraries code generation libraries are high-level api that can generate or transform byte code for java .
4	bricks were brought from java and the mortar consisted of a mixture of sugar , sand , ground seashells and glutinous rice .
11	over forty programming language , such as c , c++ , java , javascript , perl , python , ruby , r , sql , etc. .
15	apache objectrelationalbridge ( ojb ) is an object/relational mapping tool that allows transparent persistence for java objects against relational database .
15	the software was notable at the time of its release for being written entirely in java .
17	c. truncatus originates from estuaries and lower courses of rivers from the chao phraya to sumatra and java , including the lower mekong .
8	the musical was staged in poetic malay and java - accented malay , but english subtitles were provided .
0	java demonstrated the importance of a large , portable support library .
18	distribution the distribution range includes pakistan , india , nepal , assam , myanmar , indochina , and java ( lekagul and mcneely , 1977 ) .
6	ocfa is extensible in c++ or java .
32	scindapsus pictus ( satin pothos , silver vine ) is a species of flowering plant in the arum family araceae , native to bangladesh , thailand , peninsular malaysia , borneo , java , sumatra , sulawesi , and the philippines .
15	paleontology october - eugène dubois finds the first fragmentary bones of ) , or ' java man ' , at trinil on the solo river .
19	the reaction networks of models are presented in some graphic formats , such as png , svg and graphic java applet , in which some networks were presented by following systems biology graphical notation .
26	distribution and habitat this species can be found in mixed forests of india , myanmar , thailand , vietnam , malaysia and indonesia ( sumatra , java , bali , lombok , timor ) .
9	arntzenius was born in surabaya on the island of java where his father served in the royal dutch east indies army .
15	madurese language , spoken in madura , bawean and surrounding islands off the coast of java .
36	the northwest side of the indo-australian plate forms a subducting boundary with the eurasian plate on the borders of the indian ocean from bangladesh , to myanmar to the south-west of indonesia islands of sumatra and java .
3	similarly to how java treats objects , all variables and parameters in jass of handle types are treated as values , but in reality those values are nothing but references to the handle objects .
23	it is assumed that the species originated in africa and spread as far as georgia , india , sri lanka , china and java .
30	the t. iv proved to be a reliable and seaworthy aircraft , and continued in use for local patrols and air-sea rescue operations from the naval base at soerabaja on java until 1942 , when the japanese attacked the dutch east indies .
19	sundaland included the malay peninsula on the asian mainland , as well as the large islands of borneo , java , and sumatra and their surrounding islands .
19	it included the malay peninsula on the asian mainland , as well as the large islands of borneo , java , and sumatra and their surrounding islands .
39	they are not uncommon in auvergne and in the eifel , notably on the shore of the laacher see ; whilst other examples are furnished by the grotta del cane , near pozzuoli , the valley of death in java , the death gulch in the yellowstone park and the series of mofette in romania 's harghita and covasna counties .
20	both specimens are deposited at the bogor botanical gardens ( formerly the herbarium of the buitenzorg botanic gardens ) in java .
13	tsd files for several programming languages and libraries ( c , delphi , java , blitzbasic , etc. ) .
50	distribution the tree is indigenous within the area from india ( arunachal pradesh , assam , manipur , meghalaya , tripura , andaman islands , nicobar islands ) , bangladesh , myanmar , thailand , cambodia , laos to vietnam , while it is cultivated in indonesia ( sumatra , java , kalimantan ) , philippines , and china ( southeast xizang , southern & western yunnan ) .
48	in general , the muslim community can be categorized in terms of two orientations : '' modernists , '' who closely adhere to orthodox theology while embracing modern learning ; and '' traditionalists , '' who tend to follow the interpretations of local religious leaders ( predominantly in java ) and religious teachers at islamic boarding schools ( pesantren ) .
12	some computer language have implementations of decimal floating point arithmetic , including java with big decimal , emacs with calc , python , and in unix the bc and dc calculators .
18	the eldest child within the family was an adopted daughter , eliza smith ( born in 1859 in java ) .
6	because the middleware is based on java technology , it enables cable companies and other interactive application developers to '' write '' applications once and see them run successfully on any device that supports the tru2way architecture .
25	because of these falling profits , gatari diversified to include chartered flights for tourists and the wood industry throughout indonesia , including in sulawesi , java , and borneo .
30	retiring by way of balikpapan , borneo , where the dutch were demolishing their oil wells , porpoise attacked two ships without result before ending her patrol at surabaya , java .
28	however , darwin and fitzroy sailed in 1836 from king george 's sound ( western australia ) directly to the cocos-keeling islands , at the south coast of java , and from there to cape town and back to england .
6	notscripts blocks execution of javascript , java , flash , silverlight , and other plugins and scripted content .
18	during the migration , both groups intermarried with peoples of the southern islands , such as those from java ( indonesian ) , and also with aboriginal peoples of australoid , negrito and melanesoid origin .
17	ten bruggencate stayed as an assistant at the göttingen university until 1926 , when he traveled to java .
25	forum software packages are widely available on the internet and are written in a variety of programming language , such as php , perl , java and asp .
9	christopher robert melissinos is a leading figure in the java community .
6	models can be specified using annotated java , uml , xml documents , or modeling tools , then imported into emf .
6	golden apsara in majapahit style , java , indonesia .
8	the javanese are concentrated on the island of java but millions have migrated to other islands throughout the archipelago .
6	the command-line interface is written in java and dual-licensed under the gplv2 and lgplv2 .
3	being developed using java , and being available for linux , windows and mac os x platforms nomenclature the first part of the abbreviation stands for generalitat valenciana , the spanish regional authority that the system was originally developed for .
10	at one point during the voyage , the ships visited java , where dover would sell the marquis , a captured ship , to captain opie .
27	while water resources are quite abundant in sumatra , kalimantan , sulawesi , maluku and irian , water shortages occur during the dry season in parts of java , bali and the lesser sunda islands .
14	microsoft claimed that .net was 10 times faster and 4 times more productive than java .
16	swarmcast was originally the name of an innovative peer-to-peer software product developed by opencola in the java programming language .
19	james coffin on 31 may 1823 , the british ship transit arrived in batavia , on the island of java , having lost its master , capt alexander , to a whale near christmas island .
2	josm ( java openstreetmap editor ) is an editor for openstreetmap data .
14	it also comes with bindings for c , c++ , delphi , go , java , .net , python and runs on linux , mac os x , and windows .
16	once the most widespread of asian rhinoceroses , the sunda rhinoceros ranged from the islands of java and sumatra , throughout southeast asia , and into india and china .
14	it is found in sri lanka , india ( assam ) , burma , java and sulawesi .
12	as with the rest of the jikes rvm the implementation is in java , but the main dependence is on vm magic .
7	it is endemic to the island of java .
20	halopegia is a genus of plants native to tropical africa , madagascar , and tropical southeast asia ( indochina , java ) .
5	jpg skewer barbecue chicken with java rice file : huay kaew waterfall grill .
18	sir stephen john bull , 2nd baronet ( born 11 october 1904 , killed on active service in java , east indies , 9 march 1942 ) was an english lawyer and baronet .
1	in java and most of indonesia , ketupat is linked to islamic tradition of lebaran ( eid ul-fitr ) , nevertheless ketupat is also known in non-muslim communities , such as hindu bali and christian philippines .
17	it is a web-based solution , developed by iress market technology ( ) and based on the java runtime environment .
10	client api clients can communicate with the server using a java or c api .
35	programming courses offered cover four different programming languages starting with visual basic .net ( computer programming i ) followed by c# ( computer programming ii ) , sas ( sas programming i ) , and java ( ap computer science a ) .
44	bengali - kaalnagini konkani - naneto geographic range india ( north bengal ) , sri lanka , myanmar , thailand , western malaysia , laos , cambodia , vietnam , china ( hong kong , hainan , yunnan ) , indonesia ( sumatra , java , borneo , sulawesi ) , and the philippines .
6	it is found in bawan , java , and enggano .
11	in 1999 , ase 12.0 was released , providing support for java , high availability and distributed transaction management .
13	json2ldap is a json - to - ldap gateway software , written in java and developed by nimbus directory services .
12	phyllocnistis minimella is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from java , indonesia .
12	carbonado is an open source relational database mapping framework , written in java .
4	jquantlib is written in java .
4	it is written in java and thus platform independent .
1	in java , it has been used to denote annotations , a kind of metadata , since version 5.0 .
20	it is found in cameroon , comoros , congo , la réunion , madagascar , mauritius , togo indonesia ( java ) and taiwan .
26	the concept is older , however , dating back to the concept of a default , and can be spotted more recently in the roots of java libraries .
35	supported languages many languages have redis bindings , including : actionscript , c , c++ , c# , clojure , common lisp , dart , erlang , go , haskell , haxe , io , java , javascript ( node.js ) , lua , objective-c , perl , php , pure data , python , r , ruby , scala , smalltalk and tcl .
11	on 13 october the islamic organization ansor held anti-pki rallies across java .
0	java stripes framework has had integrated functionality since version 1.5 .
40	the french authorities were aware of the possibility that isle de france had been captured , and had ordered that if the island was in british hands , the squadron should continue on to the dutch city of batavia on java , to operate against the british from there .
42	three days later , the minesweeper commenced local patrols and sweeps out of surabaya and continued that duty into february 1942 , often operating in company with dutch units , before she received orders to move to tjilatjap , a port on java 's south coast .
2	it supports java applications .
86	english possessions in india and the east indies fort st george , madras , the first english fortress in india bantam : the english started to sail to the east indies about the year 1600 , which was the date of the foundation in the city of london of the east india company ( '' the governour and company of merchants of london trading into the east indies '' ) and in 1603 a permanent '' factory '' was established at bantam on the island of java .
1	in java and borneo , the introduction of indian culture created a demand for aromatics , and trading posts here later served chinese and arab markets .
6	the type specimen was collected off java and is deposited at the zoologisches museum in hamburg .
7	kawa is a language framework written in java that implements the programming language scheme , and can be used to implement other languages .
23	history jepara city views around the year 1650 people believed to have come from south yunnan region migrated into the northern tip of java during a time when jepara was still separated by the juwana strait .
25	taxonomy the tree is closely related to p. leram jones , of the andaman and nicobar islands and the southern coasts of sumatra and western java .
12	maguwo was a landing ground on the eastern outskirts of yogyakarta , java , indonesia which was in use in the 1940s .
24	nevertheless , elements of the division , consisting mainly of men from the 2/6th field company , on the transport orcades were diverted to java , and fought alongside dutch forces there , but were soon overwhelmed .
13	in 1786 he became the resident assistant in bengal and later resident on java .
80	mather field , california , 20 sep 1921 -- 28 jun 1922 clark field , luzon , philippines , 1 sep 1922 kindley field , corregidor , philippines , sep 1922 camp nichols , luzon , philippines , nov 1922 clark field , luzon , philippines , dec 1922 camp nichols , luzon , philippines , 4 jun 1923 clark field , luzon , philippines , 16 jun 1938 batchelor airfield , australia , c. 24 dec 1941 singosari , java , netherlands east indies , 30 dec 1941 essendon airport , melbourne , australia , c. 4 mar 1942 cloncurry airport , australia , c. 28 mar 1942 longreach airport , australia , c. 5 may 1942 mareeba airfield , australia , 24 jul-c .
14	the saminism movement is an indonesian nationalist movement founded by surontiko samin in north-central java , indonesia in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
6	modern languages ( e.g. haskell and java ) tend to avoid copybooks or includes , preferring module and import/export systems for namespace control .
37	most mpi implementations consist of a specific set of routines ( i.e. , an api ) directly callable from c , c++ , fortran and any language able to interface with such libraries , including c# , java or python .
9	anthillpro supports distributed and cross-platform builds in .net , java , c/c++ and other programming language .
15	from 1900 to 1902 he traveled together with ernst georg pritzel through south africa , java , australia and new zealand .
11	experimental implementations have been created for common lisp , and for java ( jpred ) .
3	jump is a java based vector gis and programming framework .
19	it supports cgi , frames and other languages beside html , for instance php , perl , c++ , java , and javascript development .
51	'' when japan occupied the netherlands east indies , in the first weeks of 1942 , many indonesia danced in the streets , welcoming the japanese army as the fulfillment of the prophecy ascribed to joyoboyo , who foretold the day when white men would one day establish their rule on java and oppress the people for many years -- but they would be driven out by the arrival of yellow men from the north .
37	in fact , though the maguindanao , maranao and tausug artists technically have no concept of scale ( because emphasis placed on the concept of '' rhythmic modes '' ) , the pelog and slendro scales of java were found to be most satisfactory to their own varying pentatonic / heptatonic scales .
5	language bindings exist for both java and scala .
12	it is generally found in australia , with one species reported from java .
7	nepenthes pilosa was discovered in 1899 by java plant collector amdjah during the nieuwenhuis expedition , on which amdjah also made the first collection of ephippiata .
80	range and distribution they are not common , but far ranging from coastal , eastern africa ( including the seychelles , and the zanzibar archipelago ) , states with indian ocean coastline , to the pacific ( philippines , cook islands ) , northwards up to taiwan and the ryukyu islands other places reporting pemphis include mainland coastal tanzania , thailand , malaysia ( johore ) , singapore , indonesia ( papua , sumatra , the moluccas , madura and java ) , papua new guinea , hong kong and throughout tropical australia .
38	the last stable release of the previous major version , 3.5.5 , which is based on k desktop environment 3 technology , supports many programming language such as ada , bash , c , c++ , fortran , java , pascal , perl , php , python and ruby .
32	he was awarded the dso in 1946 for the gallant example he had set to his fellow captives while he was a prisoner of war during the japanese invasions of sumatra and java in 1942 .
12	it was described by meyrick in 1938 , and is known from java in indonesia .
1	entirely java - based , its product tradex commerce center software was used for online negotiation , bidding and the secure transaction of orders from computer dealers and manufacturers .
31	such virtual machines exist for several platforms , and in this respect , tads closely follows the example of the original infocom z-machine , as well as modern languages such as java and c# .
13	distribution it occurs from western indonesia ( thailand , borneo , sumatra , java , malaysia ) to the philippines .
1	in java and most of indonesia , ikan bakar usually tastes rather sweet because the generous amount of sweet soy sauce either as marination or dipping sauce .
16	it is found in indian region , western china , taiwan , japan , borneo and java .
17	from 1908 − 1911 he was on the staff of the experiment station at salatiga , in java becoming acting director in 1911 − 12 and director from 1912 − 18 .
31	rescue on 16 july , captain visier of the dutch vessel aurora spotted the flagpole which megaera s crew had erected and lieutenant lewis jones sailed with her to surabaya , java , which they reached on 2 august .
5	he was a captured in java during wwii and survived as a pow .
21	supported programming languages since openrtm-aist is based on the corba technology , it supports several programming languages , including : c++ java python erlang ( unofficial ) tools rtc builder rtc builder rtc builder is a tool for skeleton-code generation .
11	it is found in india , sri lanka , vietnam , java , palawan , sulawesi and the moluccas .
9	it is the highest mountain on the island of java .
6	c , c++ , c# , java , objective-c , delphi and swift all primarily use both nominal typing and nominal subtyping .
15	a week later she was assigned to cover the convoy taking troops to jakarta , java .
7	george augustus addison ( calcutta , 1792 java , about january 1815 ) was the author of collected works published posthumously under the title , indian reminiscences , or the bengal moofussul miscellany , in london by edward bull in 1837 .
12	despite the breed 's name , which comes from the island of java , it was developed in the u.s. from chickens of unknown asian extraction .
22	tomé pires in the suma oriental around the year 1513 mentions cirebon is one of the trade center on the island of java .
37	in early 1942 , oyashio participated in the invasion of the netherlands east indies , escorting the invasion forces for menado , kendari and ambon in january , and the invasion forces for makassar , timor and java in february .
37	however , as yet there are no private operators of railway services the following is a schedule of the trip train in indonesia named passenger trains pt kereta api runs to classes of named passenger trains on java , executive class ( class 1 ) and business class ( class 2 ) .
14	during the winter of 1889-1890 , he took a scientific expedition to ceylon and java , and in 1894 traveled to mexico .
37	in january 1942 , aotaka was assigned to ”operation h” ( the invasion of the celebes in the netherlands east indies , supporting landings at kendari and makassar , and later supporting ”operation j” , the invasion java and bali .
5	stored procedure -- written in java for cross-platform portability -- are included at the sql layer .
4	it is endemic to java in indonesia .
7	she conducted field research in east central java , indonesia from 1952 to 1954 , joining in the modjokuto project with harvard university ph.d. candidates clifford geertz , hildred geertz , robert jay , donald fagg , and edward ryan .
18	it is known from china ( hong kong , guangdong , jiangxi and hainan ) , india , java , japan ( kyūshū and the ryukyu islands ) , malaysia and thailand .
5	there are dwarf forms on java , bali and sulawesi .
5	interpreted languages like basic and java are not used .
29	from there they sailed to new zealand ( auckland and wellington ) ; australia ( sydney , the great barrier reef , cairns ) ; indonesia ( bali , java ) .
11	in the indonesian archipelago , the coon flies in borneo , java , sumatra , sipora , bali , palawan , sulawesi and banggai .
10	it is known from the eastern sunda islands ( from java eastward ) , sulawesi , the moluccas , the philippines , new guinea , the solomon islands , micronesia and eastern australia .
19	his works show particular influence from the musics of south and southeast asia , particularly the gamelan music of java .
14	outside the indian subcontinent , in indonesia , a version was developed in ancient java as kakawin bhāratayuddha in the 11th century under the patronage of king dharmawangsa ( 990-1016 ) , and later it spread to neighboring island of bali where today remains a hindu majority island , despite today indonesia is the most populous muslim majority nation .
16	in olden times , merchants used to trade with south-east asian island countries of bali , java , sumatra , borneo .
23	it features integration with smarty , can work with xslt , and supports logging , unit testing , and class packaging similar to java .
4	range north borneo , java .
12	initially , he was stationed in the naval harbor of cilacap , java .
7	a magnitude 6.0 earthquake struck south of java , indonesia on september 21 at a depth of 25 km .
5	wise projects can also incorporate java applets , flash models , forums to facilitate online discussions , data collection , drawing , argument creation , resource sharing , branching , concept mapping and other built-in components .
12	two of the recordings were from bali , and three were from java : bali : gamelan semar pegulingan bali : music from the shadow play , music from a wayang performance ( 1971 ) .
36	( todo ) measurements and calculation measurement and calculation features related to igs : ( todo ) graphics export formats object attributes 2d programs c.a.r. c.a.r. is a free gpl analog of gsp , written in java .
8	it is found in japan , taiwan , java , india , china and the caucasus .
8	statcvs is an open source program written in java that generates graphical report about cvs modules .
7	among the applications available , javascript , java or flash player are used to run the application directly inside the browser .
1	both java and sumatra were subject to considerable cultural influence from the indian subcontinent .
9	at the other end of the islamic world , java royalty are mostly buried in royal graveyards such as those at kota gede and imogiri .
5	the sultanate of mataram in java from 1749 to its dutch conquest in 1816 .
22	lupis is often found in traditional markets throughout indonesia , and in javanese area , especially in the middle and eastern of java .
11	continuing without horsfall , beebe and blair traveled to batavia in java , to the island of madura just to the north , and to belitung between borneo and sumatra .
11	it is available for windows , unix and other systems supporting java .
26	the various species are found in the andaman islands and sri lanka , the philippines , malaysia , the island of borneo , the island of java and papua province in indonesia , papua new guinea , including the bismarck archipelago , myanmar , laos and thailand .
15	the service also supports common programming frameworks and languages , including ruby , node , java , .net , and python .
9	in 1897 , christiaan eijkman worked with natives of java , who also suffered from beriberi .
1	in java , traditional kues are categorized under jajan pasar ( lit : '' market buys '' or '' market munchies '' ) .
9	ateji px is an object-oriented programming language extension for java .
26	interested in craftsmanship , weaving and the role of women in cottage industries , dunham 's research focused on women 's work on the island of java and blacksmithing in indonesia .
14	it saw the end of the last allied warships operating in the waters around java , allowing japanese forces to complete their conquest of the netherlands east indies unhindered .
6	these terms are commonly used in java , c# , and c++ , where class variables and class methods are declared with the keyword , and referred to as static member variables or static member functions .
13	he also founded etnikom network , a network between fourteen radio station in java and sumatra which actively promote local cultures .
5	there are proposals to link java , the most populated island of indonesia to sumatra via a proposed sunda strait bridge and from sumatra to singapore and/or malaysia via a malacca strait bridge .
18	chinese boycott and counterattacks chinese traders boycotted malacca after it fell under portuguese control , some chinese in java assisted in muslim attempts to reconquer the city from portugal using ships .
10	the moea framework is an open-source evolutionary computation library for java that specializes in multi-objective optimization .
5	it transmits to sumatra , java , kalimantan and other asean countries .
7	his father , born in semarang on java , is an indo ( dutch - indonesia ) , who went to the netherlands in 1932 after finishing his study at the batavia hbs to continue his higher education there .
10	subsequent editions used c , c++ , modula-3 , and java .
13	he was captured when his plane was shot down by japan forces near java , and was then sent to a prisoner-of-war camp in nagasaki , where , on 9 august 1945 , he was killed when an atomic bomb hit the city .
2	similar to java , unrealscript is object-oriented without multiple inheritance ( classes all inherit from a common object class ) , and classes are defined in individual files named for the class they define .
12	the most popular graphical track editor , originally developed for torcs in java by charalampos alexandropoulos , features slider widgets to edit most parameters and a real-time 2d preview of the track 's wireframe appearance ; as a downside , it does n't support parameters newly introduced in speed dreams , such as the ones related to the dynamic sky dome .
19	taxonomic history prionodon was denominated and first described by thomas horsfield in 1822 , based on a linsang from java .
32	it consists of a single known species , siderasis fuscata , endemic to the state of rio de janeiro in southeastern brazil , though it is also naturalized on the island of java in indonesia .
25	the rawagede massacre was committed by royal netherlands east indies army on 9 december 1947 in the village of rawagede ( now balongsari in west java ) , during operatie product .
24	largely because of its expressive power , many other utilities and programming languages have adopted syntax similar to perl 's -- for example , java , javascript , python , ruby , microsoft 's .net framework , and the w3c's xml schema all use regular expression syntax similar to perl 's .
30	however , this species is better known under the name taeniura melanospila ( or melanospilos ) , which was applied by dutch ichthyologist pieter bleeker to a juvenile specimen from java , in a 1953 volume of the scientific journal natuurkundig tijdschrift voor nederlandsch indië .
2	is a java extension with capabilities of linq , based on .
7	fancy is a garbage-collected language , like java or ruby .
4	it is found in java and taiwan .
8	dukun are most common on the island of java , though the island of madura is especially feared for being very powerful practitioners of dark magic , and bali is well regarded for its dukun .
4	passing through sumatra , java , bali , and malaysia , he eventually entered china through nanyue .
3	-- written in java .
8	the program uses prefuse , an open source java library for creating visual representations of data .
7	examples : delphi/object pascal , c++ , java , c# , vb.net .
12	the c programming language ( and many related languages like c++ , java or scala ) uses apostrophes to delimit a character constant .
10	they were found on the indonesia islands of lombok , java and bali where they were ` walked ' to market and sold as egg-layers or for meat .
16	over 100 of his publications involved studies of fungi from diverse locales such as brazil , java , guadeloupe , mexico , new caledonia , the gambier islands , philippines , et al . selected writings tabulae analyticae fungorum ( analytic tables of fungi ) , 1883-1889 .
6	the surviving vildebeests were withdrawn to java on 31 january and attacked another japanese landing force off rembang , claiming eight ships sunk but sustaining further losses .
22	born into a malay aristocratic family in the sultanate of langkat in north sumatra , he was educated in both sumatra and java .
2	net , java , c , c++ , visual basic , php , coldfusion , perl , ruby and python .
13	during the occupation , the japanese transported some 600 labourers to tarakan from java .
9	it is found in thailand , sri lanka , java , borneo and new guinea .
6	version history soya was originally a java 3d game system called opale .
30	june 24 the boeing 747-236b city of edinburgh , operating as british airways flight 9 with 263 people on board , flies through a cloud of volcanic ash south of java .
18	the brunei times credits zheng he with building chinese muslim communities in palembang and along the shores of java , the malay peninsula , and the philippines .
30	conus nobilis victor distribution this marine species is found in sublittoral and deeper waters of the indo-pacific from sri lanka , the andaman islands and nicobar islands along sumatra and java to timor ; along the marquesas islands .
19	it is native to indian subcontinent , southern china , southeast asia , ethiopia , socotra , mauritius , java , and the philippines .
10	between 1817 and 1818 , he described a number of java bird species discovered by jean baptiste leschenault de la tour ; he also contributed articles on ornithology to the dictionnaire des sciences naturelles , edited and published from 1816 -- 1830 by f. g. levrault .
5	most of them came from java .
16	the type species , lazuardia lobata , grows on the ground in ceylon , india , java , sumatra , cuba , jamaica and trinidad .
2	john left java on june 1818 , on the ship caesar .
15	it is also found in new zealand , new guinea , the cocos-keeling islands , java , sumba and new caledonia .
30	on 5 april 1815 , a moderate-sized eruption occurred , followed by thunderous detonation sounds , heard in makassar on sulawesi , away , batavia ( now jakarta ) on java away , and ternate on the molucca islands away .
19	lightweight test automation harnesses are not tied to a particular programming language but are most often implemented with the java , perl , visual basic .net , and c# programming languages .
35	the discovery of đông sơn drums in new guinea , is seen as proof of trade connections - spanning at least the past thousand years - between this region and the technologically advanced societies of java and china .
3	at madang , java he became a director in a hospital for eye and tropical diseases , and it was in leber 's clinic that max dauthendey died from malaria in august , 1918 .
30	as a parliamentarian he repeatedly posed uncomfortable questions to the sukarno government , on such issues as the unequal division of national resources and income between the central island of java and the outlying islands .
14	additionally , although not a protocol , it has both ajax / html5 and java applet web interface for end users to manage their files from a web browser .
20	langley and sea witch left the convoy five days later to deliver the planes to tjilatjap ( cilacap ) , java .
7	any liquidity provider who supports fix or java api can be integrated into the platform .
22	nclass is a free and open source software tool to create unified modeling language ( uml ) class diagram for c# and java applications .
2	wayang in java gamelan music , there are a few gendhing structure derived from the wayang repertoire : #ayak-ayakan , #sampak , and #srepeg .
30	implementations grid engine univa grid engine htcondor torque/pbs gridway xgrid egee ( lcg2 / glite ) unicore kerrighed cluster framework ibm tivoli workload scheduler loadleveler slurm language bindings c c++ java javascript perl python ruby other language bindings can be generated easily from swig , which was first used by the perl binding .
22	meanwhile , netscape , sun , oracle and ibm ( referred to as the '' gang of four '' ) proposed turning java into a similar type of distributed object platform that would form the basis of an internet os which could compete with windows .
39	history the road , completed in 1933 , is named after the dutch shipping firm koninklijke java-china paketvaart lijnen ( ; known outside the netherlands as royal interocean lines , ril ) -- itself named for the island of java in indonesia -- which had its operational headquarters there for much of the 20th century .
15	during his career , he took part in scientific expeditions to egypt , india , java , sumatra , north america and the arctic .
17	also seen in various parts of south-east asia , such as thailand , vietnam , malesia , java , kalimantan , lesser sunda islands , moluccas , seram island and malaysia .
30	geographic range d. r. siamensis is found in myanmar , thailand , cambodia , china ( kwangsi , kwangtung ) , taiwan and indonesia ( endeh , flores , east java , komodo , lomblen islands ) .
11	there was another category of noblemen in indonesia , precisely in java , called priyayi , who were not members of royal or princely families but formed a sort of nobles of the robe , exerting administrative functions , including that of adipati ( governor ) .
22	post world war ii andover cc .2 of 60 squadron in 1987 shortly after the japanese surrender , the squadron moved to java and was soon in action against indonesian rebels .
9	the bonang is a musical instrument used in the java gamelan .
3	simplebouncer written in java is a generic bouncer/proxy .
37	*nix ( unix and related ) shells , t assembly language , and likewise the c programming language , which was designed for unix ( and the syntactic descendants of c -- including c++ , c# , java , javascript , python and windows powershell ) use the prefix 0x for numeric constants represented in hex : 0x5a3 .
4	two programs written in java interpreting network data , very likely preliminary versions of nebula .
34	the definition of the look and feel to associate with the application is often done at initialization , but some widget toolkits , such as the swing widget toolkit that is part of the java api , allow users to change the look and feel at runtime ( see pluggable look and feel ) .
13	ter poorten was also allied land forces commander in the american-british-dutch-australian command on java during early 1942 .
15	the regency of banyuwangi is located at the easternmost end of the indonesia island of java .
29	tirtayasa ( 1631 -- 1695 ) , complete stylized name sultan ageng tirtayasa , also known as ageng and abulfatah agung , was the sultan of banten ( on java in modern indonesia ) during the kingdom 's golden age .
24	it is a popular javanese cuisine , especially in every javanese - malay communities in malaysian states of selangor and johor and also in java , indonesia .
2	map the java collections framework ( jcf ) is a set of classes and interfaces that implement commonly reusable collection data structure .
9	javanese literature is , generally speaking , literature from java and , more specifically , from areas where javanese is spoken .
23	it is native in the indomalaya ecozone to bangladesh , india , pakistan , sri lanka , and in indochinese ecoregion east to java and the malesia ecoregion .
7	buni river is a river in southern java , indonesia .
22	dutch informants notified linois of the fleet 's destination and date of departure from canton while he was anchored at batavia on java , and he sailed in search of the convoy on 28 december 1803 , eventually discovering it in early february .
2	introduced in java , indonesia .
13	a programmer 's primary computer language ( c , c++ , c# , java , lisp , python , etc. ) is often prefixed to the above titles , and those who work in a web environment often prefix their titles with web .
18	net is closely linked to c syntax , and is thus very easy to learn for c# , java or c++ developers .
12	it was described by snellen in 1895 , and is known from java , indonesia .
22	it includes descriptions of 102 new insect and crustacean species that had been sent to linnaeus from british america , suriname , java and other locations .
12	products and technology when established , gigaspaces focused on application platforms for java , and .net environments based on the software architecture pattern '' space-based architecture '' , borrowing concepts from the jini and javaspaces specifications , providing linear scalability for stateful , high-performance applications using the tuple space paradigm .
15	the dukun is the very epitome of the kejawen or kebatinan belief system indigenous to java .
26	although both members are endangered , the javan rhinoceros is one of the most endangered large mammals in the world with only 60 individuals surviving in java ( indonesia ) .
17	during this time he also catalogued a significant amount of flora and fauna of the islands of java and sumatra .
10	biography vogelkoopers ( 1947 ) adolfs spent his youth in java and received at home his first artistic inspirations .
9	in 1893 and 1894 , he visited cambodia and java including all the khmer and javanese ruins .
26	in the late 1990s , there were plans by sun microsystems and other companies to build cpus that directly ( or closely ) implemented the stack-based java virtual machine .
6	the syntax is also used in java , ocaml , python , perl , and d , and as an unofficial extension in some c compilers since at least 2007 .
32	from february 1944 rotherham was deployed in the indian ocean , and in april joined the eastern fleet to take part in series of offensive operations against the japanese in sumatra and java , and the indian nationalist azad hind in the andaman islands , acting as an escort to aircraft carriers and battleships .
6	operators can be implemented either in java or python .
14	bindings are available for more than 40 languages , including c / c++ , java , php and python .
13	most languages designed after pascal ( such as ada , modula , and java ) also supported records .
45	in 1809 , napoleon bonaparte , french emperor and conqueror of much of europe including the netherlands and its colonies , ( before his ultimate downfall at waterloo in 1815 ) ordered the dutch indies governor h.w . daendels to improve the defensive systems of java to protect against the british in india .
7	the nominate race , which occurs in java , is close to extinction .
10	the underlying computer technology used in oekaki can be a java applet or activex .
36	distribution and habitat binturongs occur from india , nepal , bangladesh , bhutan , myanmar , thailand , malaysia to laos , cambodia , vietnam and yunnan in china , and from sumatra , kalimantan and java in indonesia to palawan in the philippines .
12	in february and march 1946 , lst 3010 was in service in java , dutch east indies , where a war of independence was taking place .
18	early life hein ter poorten was born on 21 november 1887 in buitenzorg ( now bogor ) on java , which was at the time part of the dutch east indies .
13	third party wrappers are also available for python , perl , fortran , java , ruby , lua , haskell , matlab , idl , and native support in mathematica .
27	zaleski was almost constantly traveling on missionary work , even outside of his delegation , he visited , among others , china , japan , indo-china , java and the philippines .
24	the sdk provides interfaces to many commonly used high performance computing application environments , such as matlab , r , python , perl , java , .net c / c++ and fortran .
49	taxonomy and phylogeny the spinner shark was originally described as carcharias ( aprion ) brevipinna by johannes peter müller and friedrich gustav jakob henle in their 1839 systematische beschreibung der plagiostomen , based on the mounted skin of a 79 cm ( 31 in ) long specimen collected off java .
14	however , many manifestly typed languages support partial type inference ; for example , java and c# both infer types in certain limited cases .
2	written in java , it can be run on many different computers and operating systems .
8	compuware optimalj was a model-driven development environment for java .
17	puntius aphya is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus puntius native to freshwater habitats in java , indonesia .
13	he was additionally in laos , okinawa , the philippines , macao , java and japan .
10	most species occur in asia from india to japan and java , with four found in africa , and two in europe .
8	from brisbane , eleven a-24s flew up to java in february 1942 , but this battle was already lost .
3	much of the java syntax is also based on this same c + + language , which is one of the reasons the two share a common look and feel .
23	the journey involved sailing on three inter-island steamers to sumatra , hiking over 100 miles across the island to catch a ferry to java , and then a voyage from batavia to australia aboard a flat-bottomed river boat with johnston serving as navigator .
19	the hardware can be controlled by external programs written in c , c++ , c# , object pascal , java , perl , php , python , ruby , shell and vb.net over a usb , wifi or ethernet connection , and running on windows , linux and mac os x .
18	pop sunda or sundanese pop is a form of pop music born in western part of island of java in the 1970s which became internationally famous a decade later .
11	he chose the naval base and oil refinery at surabaya , java ( operation transom ) and the distance from the newly renamed east indies fleet 's base at ceylon required refuelling at exmouth gulf on the western coast of australia before the attack .
11	he has written extensively on the c , c++ , and java programming languages , and on object-oriented programming in general .
7	it is found on peninsular malaysia and java .
28	weaving in aspectj in the programming language aspectj , pointcuts , join points , and the modularized code are defined in an aspect block similar to that of java classes .
15	in basic , lisp - family languages , and c - family languages ( including java and c++ ) , operator = means '' greater than or equal to '' .
25	in 1865 , the british zoologist william henry flower named a 45-ft specimen that had been obtained from pekalongan , on the north coast of java , sibbaldius ( = balaenoptera ) schlegelii -- in 1946 the russian scientist a.g. tomilin synonymized s. schlegelii and b. borealis , creating the subspecies b. b. schlegelii and b. b. borealis .
14	it is found in india , sri lanka , vietnam and indonesia , including java .
3	in others ( java , ada ) , both short-circuit and standard boolean operators are available .
15	abralia renschi is a species of enoploteuthid cephalopod found in the waters of sumatra , java and the maldives .
54	it is considered naturalized in florida , cape verde , gambia , guinea-bissau , equatorial guinea , guinée , central african republic , principe , zaire ( congo-kinshasa ) , angola , zambia , the chagos islands , mauritius , seychelles , ogasawara ( 小笠原群島 bonin islands ) , india , sri lanka , java , the philippines , bismark archipelago , fiji , kiribati , nauru , niue , samoa , tonga , marquesas , society islands , micronesia , hawaii , ecuador , french guyana and suriname .
29	on 25 march 2011 , spotify temporarily removed display advertising from external sources on its open and free accounts , due to an attack which used an exploit in java to place malicious code on victims ' computers .
10	southeast asia using water buffalo to plough rice fields in java ; indonesia is the world 's third-largest paddy rice producer , and its cultivation has transformed much of the country 's landscape .
17	version 3 opera 3.62 opera 3 was the first version of opera with javascript support , but java was still missing .
14	this critically endangered species is endemic to montane forests on the indonesia island of java .
31	foundational technologies ibm workplace client technology was an application platform that was built on top of the eclipse rich client platform ( rcp ) 3.0 , which itself is written in java .
1	a java implementation of linq .
20	unlike the expansionist dharmasetu , samaratungga did not indulge in military expansion but preferred to strengthen the srivijayan hold of java .
0	java and bali use xylophones ( called gambang ) in gamelan ensembles .
12	it is native to southeast asia from assam and southern china to java .
14	from 1893 until 1897 , he was based at the buitenzorg botanical garden in java .
11	sunflow is an open source global illumination rendering system written in java .
4	jetty is written in java and its api is available as a set of jars .
8	jack intelligent agent jack is a framework in java for multi-agent system development .
14	the second and more recent main branch of malays , believed to come from java and the banjarmasin kingdom of southern borneo , came by way of the sulu archipelago , into mindanao and up into the visayas .
12	several implementation variants of the engine exist , including quickfix/j , a java open source ( also bsd licensed ) implementation of the engine .
17	apis and copyrights in 2010 , oracle sued google for having distributed a new implementation of cale java embedded in the android operating system .
20	it can reverse engineer code written in c++ , idl , pascal / delphi , ada , python , and java , as well as import xmi files generated by external tools from php or perl code and export to various programming language .
25	transmigration the transmigration program ( transmigrasi ) was a national government initiative to move landless people from densely populated areas of indonesia ( such as java and bali ) to less populous areas of the country including papua , kalimantan , sumatra , and sulawesi .
3	simple implementation in java using the mean and standard deviation .
3	however , in java and bali , several systems were devised beginning at the end of the 19th century , initially for archival purposes .
11	in the indonesian - malay seri rama and the indonesian - java rama keling , ravana wants to possess mandodari , the mother of rama , but instead marries a pseudo-mandodari , who looks like the real one .
21	the anonymous manuscript author also added that on 1880 only three temples of chen fu zhen ren had been built on java , i.e. at banyuwangi city , besuki , and probolinggo ; while bali had two temples , i.e. at buleleng and badung .
26	an alternative method for animations in web pages is to use conventional static images and animate them using javascript , adobe flash , microsoft silverlight , java or other plugin based technologies .
11	geographic range c. intestinalis is found in borneo , indonesia , java , malaysia , the mentawai archipelago , the philippines , singapore , sumatra , thailand , and vietnam .
14	paw - fortran/c data analysis framework developed at cern scavis - a multiplatform ( java - based ) data analysis framework from the community of developers led by dr. s. chekanov r - a programming language and software environment for statistical computing and graphics .
3	the government of java recruited a group of 18 chinese for contract labor in the catharina sophia plantation in saramacca .
3	mountains of eastern java .
61	burmese pythons are found throughout southern - and southeast asia , including eastern india , nepal , western bhutan , southeastern bangladesh , myanmar , thailand , laos , cambodia , vietnam , northern continental malaysia , far southern china ( fujian , jiangxi , guangdong , hainan , guangxi and yunnan ) , hong kong , and in indonesia on java , southern sulawesi , bali and sumbawa .
33	altogether 150 ryukian ships are recorded between the kingdom and southeast asia , 61 of them for annam ( viet nam ) , 10 for malacca , 10 for pattani , 8 for java etc. .
25	it is found from the moluccas to palau , fiji , samoa , tonga and new caledonia , sulawesi , the philippines , borneo and java .
36	js , ocaml , pascal , pdf , perl , php , postscript , prolog , scala , scheme , sed , smalltalk , tcl , tecs , text , whitespace , c , c++ , java , python , c# , go , haskell , ocaml , f# , ruby , icon , intercal and pike .
20	it became irrelevant for commercial applications , barely surviving the wave of free and successful tools such as c++ and java .
10	it is found in india ( assam ) and on java .
9	peninsular malaysia , singapore , langkawi , sumatra , java , thailand , laos , nias , bawean , flores , sumba , tanadjampea , borneo , philippines , sulawesi .
27	the population is now confined to as few as 40 animals in the wild , ujung kulon national park on the western tip of the island of java .
17	it is widespread in eurasia , africa , india , sri lanka , burma , sumatra , java , the philippines , taiwan , japan , new guinea , samoa and north america and south america .
21	severe tropical cyclone ian another depression developed in the monsoon trough the further east of harriet-heather , roughly due south of java .
10	remaining at port darwin through january 1942 otus steamed to java and trincomalee , ceylon , during february and the first part of march .
15	indonesian authorities have expressed an interest in high-speed rail for the densely populated island of java , probably linking the cities of jakarta , bandung , and surabaya .
39	going by the cape of good hope ( 1 november 1601 ) lancaster visited the nicobars ( from 9 april 1602 ) , aceh and other parts of sumatra ( from 5 june 1602 ) , and bantam in java .
11	it is found in vietnam and malaysia and on sumatra , java and the andaman islands .
24	deroplatys lobata , common name malaysian dead leaf mantis or dead leaf mantis , is a species of praying mantis that inhabits thailand , java , borneo , indonesia , sumatra and the malay peninsula .
21	distribution and habitat mastixia trichotoma grows naturally in the andaman and nicobar islands , thailand , sumatra , peninsular malaysia , java , borneo , sulawesi , the moluccas and mindanao .
14	by the late 18th century slaves drawn from madagascar , angola , india , java , malaysia , etc. , outnumbered settlers in the colony .
15	their music sounds traditional , but has actually been composed for the production by the java composer rahayu supanggah after intensive research in south sulawesi .
13	'' crash ' is an open source command line interface , written in java .
4	it comes with 3 java games that are controlled with the remote control and displayed to its lcd screen .
13	amongst the members of sarbufis were actors of ketoprak , a form of java traditional drama with political commentary .
5	colonial scribe in besuki , java wearing blangkon , 1913 .
4	it is found on java , bali , lombok and flores .
24	it is found in sri lanka , the himalaya , east to japan and taiwan south to burma and peninsular malaysia , borneo , java and new guinea .
20	he was a member of the australian imperial force from 1940 to 1946 and served in sydney , celebes , java and borneo as a lieutenant .
11	zk is an open-source ajax web application framework , written in java , that enables creation of graphical user interface for web application with little required programming knowledge .
9	the subspecies kallima paralekta paralekta is only found in java , indonesia ; while the subspecies kallima paralekta tribonia is found in sumatra , indonesia .
27	it was settled in may 2012 lawsuit against google on august 12 , 2010 , oracle announced a lawsuit against google concerning patent and copyright infringement of java in google 's development of android .
4	sunan ampel came to java in 1443 ce , possibly to visit his aunt dwarawati , a princess of champa who was married to kertawijaya , the king of majapahit .
22	this encoding also has the advantage of being implementable in a statically typed language that does n't have variants , such as java , using interfaces instead of lambdas .
6	the framework is currently available in java , .net , and ruby ( rbatis ) versions .
4	the client is a java application typically launched from a web browser .
5	the program was rewritten in java beginning in 1998 .
4	missionary projects are in java the gereja jemaat protestan di indonesia with 10,000 members and 68 congregations .
22	the project was launched in june 2003 during the javaone developer conference , and was intended to cover all aspects of the java platform .
10	details tibco provides messaging api in c , c++ , java , visual basic , perl and .net to receive data feeds on ms excel spreadsheets and other applications of choice .
24	as it does not depend on server components , it can be combined with any web service interface and server-side language like asp.net , java , perl , php , python , or ruby .
13	void type as unit type in c , c++ , c# , and java , void expresses the empty type .
12	acrocercops brachyglypta is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from java , indonesia , as well as samoa and the solomon islands .
22	one of the language designers is guy l. steele jr . , whose previous work includes scheme , common lisp , and java .
15	some scholars have sought to link this maharaja of zabaj with the sailendra king of java .
5	his research group publishes a java software framework titled environment for developing kdd-applications supported by index-structures ( elki ) that is designed for the parallel research of index structures , data mining algorithms and their interaction , such as optimized data mining algorithms based on databases indexes .
42	sources the specimens used by linnaeus or johansson in writing include some provided by dr alexander garden , a horticulturist from charles town in the province of south carolina , by carl gustav dahlberg in suriname , by hans johan nordgren in java , and from the collection of baron charles de geer from the province of pennsylvania .
21	ancient maritime history the silk road extending from southern europe through arabia , somalia , egypt , persia , india and java until it reaches china .
26	bindings like many libraries in the gnome platform , gconf can be accessed using various programming languages , such as c , c++ , perl , java , c # , vb.net and python .
42	kranji served as a military camp before the japanese invasion of singapore in 1942 , and is now the home of the kranji war cemetery and kranji war memorial , commemorating the 30,000 commonwealth personnel who died in singapore , malaya , java and sumatra during world war ii .
28	native to tropical africa ( from senegal to sudan to mozambique ) , south asia ( india , nepal , bhutan , bangladesh ) , southeast asia ( java , burma , laos , thailand , vietnam , yunnan ) and northern australia ( queensland and northern territory ) .
9	it is found in thailand , the maldives , java , the marshall islands , the ellis islands , india , sri lanka and the seychelles .
4	umlet is an open-source java - based uml tool designed for teaching the unified modeling language and for quickly creating uml diagrams .
30	the main feature of the game which makes it educational is the ability of the player to program his or her robots using a programming language similar to c++ or java .
17	as a result , jayavarman , as a young man , had lived in the court of java and had visited sumatra .
19	ecology the large flying fox ranges from malay peninsula , to the philippines in the east and sumatra , java , borneo and timor in the south .
27	his father , a member of the imperial diet until the act of his son forced him to resign , and his married sister exiled themselves to java , dutch east indies in order to escape the disgrace which namba , by his act , had brought upon the family .
41	the major groupings are : indonesia sunda islands greater sunda islands lesser sunda islands maluku islands philippine archipelago new guinea and surrounding islands ( when included ) the six largest islands are new guinea , borneo , sumatra , sulawesi , java , and luzon .
22	the idea of high-speed rail backed by funding ( soft loans ) has been proposed by jica for the indonesian island of java , linking up the densely populated corridor from the capital jakarta to surabaya ( 730 km ) .
12	gunungkaler is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
21	at the geographic center of maritime southeast asia , in relation to major indonesian islands , it is located north of java , west of sulawesi , and east of sumatra .
6	the largest influences have been the java orm hibernate and activerecord from ruby on rails .
21	many languages , such as c++ , perl , and haskell provide the same interpretation of ' n ' as c. java , php and python provide the ' r n ' sequence ( for ascii cr + lf ) .
13	there , he met several islamic leaders and other revolutionaries from sumatra , java , and borneo ; through discussions on imperialism and colonialism , di tiro became more interested in fighting against the dutch .
16	generalities in programming language that have a built-in boolean data type , such as pascal and java , the comparison operator such as ) and ≠ are usually defined to return a boolean value .
8	japanese forces in the meanwhile were taking over java and threatened the allied headquarters at bandung .
9	the game 's scripting engine is written entirely in java .
10	micropsi 's first generation ( 2003-2009 ) is implemented in java , and includes a framework for editing and simulating software agent using spreading activation networks , and a graphics engine for visualization .
5	freehep is an open source java library designed to make programming high energy physics applications easier .
6	it is found on bali , java , sumatra , pulo laut , borneo and peninsular malaysia .
30	submodule fortran 90+ : use module , use module , only : identifier go : import altname '' package/name '' haskell : import module , import qualified module as m java , matlab : import package .
27	see also swig is another free computer software tool used to connect programs written in c / c++ with various scripting language , and to c# and java .
7	at that time , holland controlled the java islands .
8	the applications are built as pure javascript , java applets and flash applets .
0	java has public , package , protected , and private .
17	these games make samarinda the second city to host pekan olahraga nasional outside of the island of java and sumatra , after makassar hosted the 1957 pekan olahraga nasional .
3	maven dynamically downloads java libraries and maven plug-ins from one or more repositories such as the maven 2 central repository , and stores them in a local cache .
16	indonesia in indonesia , pt kereta api operates inter-city services in many cities , especially in java .
18	the pbil algorithm is as follows : source code this is a part of source code implemented in java .
9	there are several different types used in bali and java gamelan ensembles , including the gendér , gangsa and saron .
30	'' the observer newspaper on 27 january 1844 records a black tiger ( again , probably a black leopard ) intended as a present for napoleon from the king of java .
9	it has support for the c , c++ , java , javascript , python and vala programming language .
7	sawah is the dominant form in both java and bali where nearly three quarters of indonesia 's population live and swidden more common in the less central regions .
4	it is found on java , sumatra and in china ( shanghai , chekiang ) , taiwan and india ( sikkim , assam ) .
0	java shadow puppets known as wayang kulit are the classic example of this .
17	the secondary goal is to provide a complete embeddable lisp system linkable to c/c + + or java ( with help of jni ) .
10	it is distributed from thailand to the malay peninsula , java , and the philippines .
4	applications include libreoffice , java , the gimp , xsane , cups , xara xtreme , financial applications , and others .
10	tortuga is a software framework for discrete event simulation in java .
34	a use of the real indonesian language occurs here : while on duty , two of the guards that keep watch on rastapopoulos ' bunker talk about a particular indonesian dish that originated in java , sambal rujak ( ground chilli sauce with shrimp paste ) .
13	it is found in south-east asia , where it has been recorded from java , sabah , china , thailand , malaysia , new guinea and vietnam .
5	hamcrest has been ported to java , c++ , objective-c , python , actionscript 3 , php , javascript and erlang .
17	in january 1942 , the squadron undertook a flight across australia and the arafura sea , to java and took part in the dutch east indies campaign , where it claimed 49 japanese aircraft destroyed , for the loss of 17 p-40s .
16	this game was originally released in 2005 for blackberry , but has since been ported to java and windows mobile handsets .
59	the languages of their descendants , who are known as the taiwanese aborigines nowadays , belong to the austronesian language family , which also includes the malayo-polynesian languages spanning a huge area , including the entire maritime southeast asia ( i.e. , tagalog of the philippines , malay and indonesian of malaysia and indonesia , or the javanese of java ) , the pacific and indian ocean : westernmost to the malagasies of madagascar and easternmost to the rapa nui people of easter island .
9	these included object pascal , visual basic , and java .
19	c2call gmbh , german startup , which provides an array of web calling applications , offers a browser-based , java voice over internet protocol ( voip ) solution .
24	angler sailed on 3 may for another patrol as one of eight submarines assigned to support the carrier strike scheduled to hit surabaya , java .
24	but as the pc became the dominant environment for program development fortran , cobol and pl/i all became minority languages overtaken by c++ , java and the like .
5	the islands of sumatra and java in western indonesia were the seat of the empire of sri vijaya ( 8th-13th century ) , which came to dominate most of the area around the southeast asian peninsula through maritime power .
7	its origin was hypothesized to be from java , indonesia or tioman island of malaysia , because of the great argus ' absence from these locations .
13	at its peak , the company used to operate around 70 outlets in java , bali and medan under franchise agreements , plus several dozen outlets in alfa midi supermarkets .
18	international organisations large institutions are increasingly developing gis-based geomorphometric applications , one example being the creation of a java - based software package for geomorphometrics in association with the university of leeds .
7	features sisc depends on sun microsystems ' java programming language platform .
20	the product is owned by sypecom inc. and runs on os x , linux , windows , or any other java - compatible operating system .
56	as such , opengl has many language binding , some of the most noteworthy being the javascript binding webgl ( api , based on opengl es 2.0 , for 3d rendering from within a web browser ) ; the c bindings wgl , glx and cgl ; the c binding provided by ios ; and the java and c bindings provided by android .
38	it is found in bangladesh , southern china , northeastern india , sri lanka , nepal , pakistan , cambodia , vietnam , the malay peninsula , the riau archipelago , sumatra , bangka island , belitung , java , bali , and borneo .
7	leaving the dutch colony of batavia in java ( now jakarta , indonesia ) in august 1642 , they charted the tasmanian coastline in november 1642 ( though they did not determine that it was an island ) , and named it van diemen 's land , in honor of the dutch governor of the dutch east indies , anthony van diemen .
3	pdf studio is java - based and runs on windows , mac , linux , solaris and aix .
13	loopholes in object-oriented programming languages some object-based programming languages ( e.g. javascript , java , and c# ) provide ways to access resources in other ways than according to the rules above including the following : such use of undeniable authority effectively defeats the security benefits of the object-capability model .
4	it is written in java , and is built on the eclipse rich client platform which uses swt as a widget toolkit to allow it to fit in with the look and feel of different operating systems while remaining cross-platform .
14	language bindings to all popular highlevel languages such as php , perl , and java , are provided via swig .
3	an open source java application for variable-group agglomerative hierarchical clustering , with graphical user interface .
30	fuloong mini-pc the specifications are : software lemote has participated in development and mips-porting of debian gnu / linux , ecos , microc/os-ii , vxworks , microsoft windows ce , java , openoffice.org and yongzhong office by wuxi yongzhong tech co. .
33	the indomalaya ecozone also called the oriental realm by biogeographers , indomalaya extends from afghanistan through the indian subcontinent and southeast asia to lowland southern china , and through indonesia as far as java , bali , and borneo , east of which lies the wallace line , the ecozone boundary named after alfred russel wallace which separates indomalaya from australasia .
17	other software include a document viewer for doc , xls , and pdf formats , and a java midp 2.0 games player .
48	although the necessity of the campaign has since been called into question , at the time it was felt that borneo was strategically important due to its vast oil deposits , and numerous airfields and harbors which made it ideal as a springboard for operations in malaya and java which were planned for 1946 but which did not in the end eventuate .
29	the default image is under 50 mb while the size of the custom kiosk iso will depend on the choice of added extra components such as adobe flash , java , additional fonts and other factors .
14	military career after the japanese invasion of the dutch colonies he was captured in java and sent to a prisoner of war camp .
22	ad for film shipwrecked among cannibals ( 1920 ) is an american silent film travel documentary film featuring episodes from siam , java and new guinea plus an apparently fictitious encounter with cannibals on a small island in the south pacific .
9	divided over the ships they got to batavia on java , where bontekoe and rol were received by jan pieterszoon coen , who gave bontekoe a new command and an order to harass the chinese coast .
29	the budget was told to be around 15 billion us dollars for the undersea tunnel in the sunda strait ; in long term it would link up bali , java , sumatra , malaysia and thailand in an uninterrupted chain .
13	mauve is a project to provide a free software test suite for the java class libraries .
9	he married dutch citizen annie elisabeth maria moll in java in 1911 .
3	later in the java tradition the apsara was also called hapsari , also known as widodari ( from sanskrit word vidhyadhari , vidhya : knowledge , dharya : having , bearer , or bringer ) , and finally known as bidadari in the modern indonesian language ( the same form of the word is now present in the malay language , as well ) .
16	in the indonesia archipelago , t. helena is found in sumatra , nias , enggano , java , bawean , kangean islands , bali , lombok , sumbawa , great natuna ( bunguran ) , sulawesi , butung , tukangbesi , kalimantan and brunei .
4	ada , d , java , perl and ruby use the underscore ( ) character for this purpose .
29	discovery on may 12 , 1999 , british marine salvor michael hatcher discovered the wreck of the tek sing in an area of the south china sea north of java , east of sumatra and south of singapore .
16	city of manchester , built 1935 , sunk 28 february 1942 by japanese submarine i-153 off java 6 .
5	he successfully attacked bangka and java , which earned him the nickname schrik der roovers ( terror of the bandits ) .
17	he was killed on 12 may 1832 during an insurrection that took place on the island of java .
11	by 850 , the kingdom had become the dominant power in java and later of its history , was a serious rival to the hegemonic srivijaya empire .
26	the war ended before the battalion was committed to any combat but a number of officers and sergeants parachuted into japanese prisoner of war camps in java , sumatra , bangkok and singapore to provide aid to the prisoners .
38	during the history of the spice trade , sailors of the english east india company of the second expedition of james lancaster , john davis , sir henry middleton and his brother john who stayed in bantam on java , first reached the island in 1603 and developed good contacts with the inhabitants .
18	the poem is popular among hadhrami descents , especially of sayyid in hadhramaut , in the island of java and in the towns of lamu , mambrui and mombasa .
43	war service during world war ii , love served as a lieutenant in the australian army and as a member of c company , 2/3 machine gun battalion , was taken as a prisoner of war during the japanese occupation of indonesia in java .
31	distribution the skipper is found in sri lanka , india , myanmar , thailand , laos , south vietnam , hainan , malay peninsula , indonesia archipelago ( including borneo , java , kangean , bali , lombok , bawean , sumba , sumbawa ) and the philippines .
12	software platform the dvb multimedia home platform ( dvb-mhp ) defines a java - based platform for the development of consumer video system applications .
14	dbpedia spotlight is publicly available as a web service for testing purposes or a java / scala api licensed via apache license .
10	the group flew b-17 , b-24 , and lb-30 from java against enemy airfield , shipping , and ground installations during the japanese offensive against the netherlands east indies during early 1942 , and was again evacuated on 2 march to australia .
3	written mostly in java , eclipse can be used to develop applications .
1	in java , the augmenteddickeyfuller class is included in suanshu available under the com .
24	various dialects of the tai/dai language family are spoken from assam , india to taiwan and shanxi province , china in the north to java indonesia in the south .
38	a type-inferring compiler greatly reduces the need for manual type annotations ( for example , the data type of variables and the signature of functions usually do not need to be explicitly declared , as they do in java ) .
26	third generation languages tend to be either entirely ( or almost entirely ) independent of the underlying hardware , such as general-purpose languages like pascal , java , fortran , etc. , although some have been targeted at specific processor or processor family architectures , such as , e.g. pl/m which was targeted at intel processors , or even c , some of whose auto-increment and auto-decrement idioms such as \* ( c + + ) derive from the pdp-11 's hardware which supports the auto-increment and auto-decrement indirect addressing modes , and on which c was first developed .
9	unofficial bindings for many languages exist including .net , java , perl , ruby , python , freebasic , lua , delphi , c++builder , autoit and even , though most of them have been unmaintained for more than five years .
14	the most popular variation is gandrung from banyuwangi region in the eastern peninsula of java , so much that the city is often referred as kota gandrung or the city of gandrung .
16	during world war ii , several raids were launched against the japan forces in borneo and java using catalina flying boats by the royal australian air force from cockatoo island in yampi sound .
12	outside india in indonesia several movements favor a return to hinduism in java , sumatra , kalimantan , and sulawesi .
1	in java , trampoline refers to using reflection to avoid using inner class , for example in event listeners .
25	mappings from graphical languages such as the business process modeling notation ( bpmn ) to bpel are available , but programmers familiar to syntax like java , c , ... are disregarded .
18	therese von lützow ( born 4 july 1804 in stuttgart ; died 16 september 1852 in tjilatjap , java ) was a german author .
3	from bases in java , timor , celebes , and new guinea , the japanese attacked every operational airfield in the northern and north-western parts of australia , including the strategically important allied airfields at townsville and horn island in north queensland .
63	asia and eurasia : in afghanistan ; bhutan ; the caucasus ( in armenia , azerbaijan , georgia , and russia ) and ciscaucasia ( in dagestan ) ; much of china and taiwan ; india ( in the states of assam , bihar , himachal pradesh , jammu and kashmir , and west bengal ) ; indonesia ( in papua province , java , the lesser sunda , and maluku islands ) ; japan ( in the prefectures of hokkaido , honshu , kyushu , shikoku , and the ryukyu islands ) ; kazakhstan ; the korean peninsula ; kyrgyzstan ; mongolia ; pakistan ; papua new guinea ; eastern and western siberia ; tajikistan ; northeastern turkey ; turkmenistan ; uzbekistan ; and yemen .
14	in 1940 , kraus embarked on a tour of asia where , while in java , she and her family were captured and interned in a concentration camp by the japanese until 1943 .
21	teamware has been used to manage sun 's largest source trees , including those for the solaris operating system and the java system , but as part of the process of converting those code bases to open source communities , they are being moved to newer revision control systems such as mercurial .
19	parablepharis kuhlii is a species of praying mantis found in india , myanmar , vietnam , borneo , and java .
12	it is found in southern burma and on borneo , sumatra , java , peninsular malaysia and the philippines ( mindanao , mindoro , palawan , tawi tawi island ) .
17	by the 12th century , the kingdom included parts of sumatra , the malay peninsula , western java , borneo and the philippines , most notably the sulu archipelago and the visayas islands ( and indeed the latter island group , as well as its population , is named after the empire ) .
3	mocha is a java decompiler , which allows programmers to translate a program 's bytecode into source code .
49	geographic range found in northern india ( assam ) , nicobar islands , myanmar , thailand , cambodia , laos , vietnam , southern china ( fukien , hainan , kwangsi , kwangtung ) , hong kong , west malaysia , indonesia ( sumatra , borneo , sulawesi , java , madoera , lombok , sumbawa , komodo , flores , sumba , roti , timor , kisar , wetar ) .
14	distribution and habitat its range covers the malay peninsula , borneo , sumatra , java , bali , seram and the lesser sunda islands east to timor .
20	since around 1999 , companies have started appearing offering conversion tools to convert builder code to compiled visual basic and java .
11	it is found in burma and on borneo , sumatra , java and the philippines .
22	troides cuneifera is a large butterfly belonging to the swallowtail ( papilionidae ) family found in the thai-malay peninsula , sumatra , java and borneo .
4	for example , the java object model , the com object model , or the object model of omt .
20	karaoke on mobile phones in 2003 , several companies started offering a karaoke service on mobile phones , using a java midlet that runs with a text file containing the words and a midi file with the music .
11	weka , a free implementation of many machine learning algorithms in java .
19	three young girls in bantul bantul is a town and the capital of bantul regency , yogyakarta province , java , indonesia .
48	after several years as a metro reporter for the chicago sun-times and the new york post , don went to asia as a correspondent in indonesia in '' the year of living dangerously , '' 1965 -- 1966 , including the fall of sukarno and mass killings in java and bali .
31	the toolkit consists of a messaging server , and client libraries for many software development environments , including c / c++ libraries ( with and without thread support ) , a java class to be used by applets or applications , and interfaces for perl , python , and ruby .
11	programming language basic and c - family languages , ( including java and c++ ) use the operator to mean '' greater than '' .
8	it is known from the kangean islands and java .
3	its distribution includes java , sumatra , borneo , the philippines , peninsular malaysia , thailand , india , indochina , china , and japan .
20	2nd war patrol increased enemy air activity rendered naval installations in the area untenable , and s-39 was ordered to java to join what in mid-january 1942 would become the abda command .
19	thus four days after the shipwreck , they along with about 40 others sailed in an open boat for java in order to get help .
15	corba then specifies a mapping from idl to a specific implementation language like c++ or java .
43	examples include : yellowstone caldera in yellowstone national park and valles caldera in new mexico ( both western united states ) ; lake taupo in new zealand ; lake toba in sumatra , indonesia ; ngorongoro crater in tanzania ; and krakatoa near java and sumatra , indonesia .
21	by the time doe , now known as neo , was released in 1995 , sun had already moved on to java as their next big thing .
6	on a side note , the java wcms community has also been paying attention to the development of typo3 neos and typo3 flow , for its modern architecture and transparent code basis development on 2 june 2009 the first build was released as flow3 1.0.0 alpha 1 in the following period about 14 alpha versions where released , until flow3 was ready for the beta phase in august 2011 .
4	for example , in java , any class that implements the comparable interface has a method which returns a negative integer , zero , or a positive integer .
18	after being abandoned for some time , the project had a last revival to move from delphi to java / eclipse and then stopped again .
9	it is found in sri lanka , borneo , java and sulawesi .
20	the city of banyuwangi is the administrative capital of banyuwangi regency at the far eastern end of the island of java , indonesia .
0	java , c++ and d allow inheritance or overriding a class method to be prohibited by labeling a declaration of a class or method , respectively , with the keyword '' final '' .
75	historical dholes once ranged throughout most of south , east and southeast asia , extending from the tien shan of kyrgyzstan and china , the eastern pamir mountains of tajikistan , and the altai mountains and the primorsky krai region of russia southward through mongolia , korea , china , tibet , nepal , pakistan - controlled kashmir territory , india , and south-eastwards into myanmar and indochina , thailand , malaysia , sumatra and java .
29	metallanchista perlaeta is a species of black colored ground beetle in the lebiinae subfamily that can be found in such asia countries as malaysia and indonesia islands such as java and sumatra .
5	details the trojan targets a java vulnerability on mac os x. the system is infected after the user is redirected to a compromised bogus site , where javascript code causes an applet containing an exploit to load .
1	in java and borneo , the introduction of indian culture creates a demand for aromatics .
22	'' products klocwork insight is a static code analysis tool used to identify security and reliability issues in c , c++ , java and c# code .
41	jdiff is a javadoc doclets which generates an html report of all the packages , classes , constructors , methods , and fields which have been removed , added or changed in any way , including their documentation , when two java api are compared .
8	it is known from the obi islands and java .
18	it was created to reduce the learning time of developing wireless sensor network applications by introducing a common java language among all supported mote .
15	it is found in india , japan , southern and western china , taiwan , java , sumatra , sri lanka , burma and the philippines .
13	it includes the malay peninsula and the western indonesian islands ( sumatra , java , borneo and others , known as sundaland ) , the philippines , the eastern indonesian islands , and new guinea .
36	in this period , the national botanical gardens , lucknow ( india ) , became one of the world 's five best botanical gardens , along with the botanical gardens at kew ( england ) , java ( indonesia ) , paris ( france ) and new york ( usa ) .
9	there are also interfaces , which , unlike classic java - style interfaces , can contain implemented methods .
55	june 4 -- 21 led by the american zoologist and philanthropist richard archbold and carrying australian patrick gordon taylor as navigator , the pby-2 catalina flying boat guba ii makes the first flight across the indian ocean in history , flying from port hedland , australia , to mombasa , kenya , via batavia , java ; the cocos ( keeling ) islands ; diego garcia ; and the seychelles .
4	it is written in java and is available from sourceforge under the lgpl open source license .
20	sebesi ( also sebeezee , or ` bleezie ' ) is an indonesia island in the sunda strait , between java and sumatra .
17	new objective functions for nexus can be defined using conditional expressions ; external c , c++ , java or python code ; through matlab or microsoft excel or other means , such as nastran or radioss ( finite element method ) , catia ( cad / cam ) , and ( ansys fluent or abaqus cae software , etc. grapheme with its data filtering and manipulation capabilities , along with interactive , responsive plotting functionality , ichrome 's grapheme is intended to help explore and understand large , complex data sets .
13	they are significant in number in countries such as bangladesh , indonesia , java , sumatra and bali mainly carried by sadhaba , the ancient traders from odisha who carried the language along with the culture during the old day trading , and in the western countries such as the united states , canada , australia and england .
7	javaserver faces ( jsf ) is a java specification for building component - based user interface for web application .
3	for example , java has primitive wrapper class corresponding to each primitive type : and , and , and , etc. .
12	perottet 's duties on the journey involved collecting plants in réunion , java , and the philippines for re-plantation and cultivation in guyane .
16	after that date , many laborers were again imported from the dutch east indies , especially java .
63	( tablet 7 ) '' a party speaking their languages , severed , holy , sanctified and filled with the love of god , must turn their faces to and travel through the three great island groups of the pacific ocean -- polynesia , micronesia and melanesia , and the islands attached to these groups , such as new guinea , borneo , java , sumatra , philippine islands , solomon islands , fiji islands , new hebrides , loyalty islands , new caledonia , bismarck archipelago , ceram , celebes , friendly islands , samoa islands , society islands , caroline islands , low archipelago , marquesas , hawaiian islands , gilbert islands , moluccas , marshall islands , timor and the other islands .
1	in java , c , and c++ , the operator is the right-shift operator .
9	the laguna copperplate inscription dated from 900 ce mentioned java medang kingdom and the srivijaya empire .
9	siebel provides api to integrate with various platforms like java , c++ , .net , visual basic , etc. .
47	distribution and habitat the eurasian tree sparrow 's natural breeding range comprises most of temperate europe and asia south of about latitude 68°n ( north of this the summers are too cold , with july average temperatures below 12 ° c ) and through southeast asia to java and bali .
18	terebralia palustris is the largest mangrove gastropod , with a maximum shell length of 190 mm recorded from java .
20	software libraries , such as libexif for c and adobe xmp toolkit or exiv2 for c++ , metadata extractor for java , or exiftool for perl , parse exif data from files and read/write exif tag values .
38	varieties indonesian bakmi ayam or mie ayam , indonesian chinese chicken noodles , omnipresent in indonesia bakmi goreng , indonesian chinese fried noodles , omnipresent in indonesia bakmi bangka , from bangka island bakmi jawa , from central/east java with somewhat wet consistency bakmi aceh , from aceh , it has a curry-like flavor bakmi celor , from palembang , it has a sweet starchy gravy .
14	drawing on his experience in building the great post road on the island of java in the dutch east indies , he came up with some very ambitious infrastructural projects , including a comprehensive road system , with a main road connecting elmina and kumasi in ashanti .
8	it is found on sulawesi , borneo , java and bali .
21	supported languages and operating systems slickedit lists around 60 supported programming language and file types , including c , c++ , java , html , php , xml , windows batch file , awk , makefile and ini files .
30	indonesia lies between the pacific ring of fire along the northeastern islands adjacent to and including new guinea and the alpide belt along the south and west from sumatra , java and the lesser sunda islands ( bali , flores , and timor ) .
17	some researchers have advocated a strict separation between local concurrency using concurrent programming languages ( e.g. , java and c# ) from nonlocal concurrency using soap for web services .
19	its origin area is south china , vietnam , laos , cambodia , thailand and the indonesian island of java .
8	additionally , the p900 supports applications written in java .
17	examples include : client–server products in the early 1990s corba and com based programs in the mid-1990s java - based programs in the late 1990s protected memory and preemptive multitasking in the late 1990s service-oriented architecture ( soa ) ajax or web 2.0 in 2000s and 2010s cloud computing in 2010s nosql agile software development big data buzzword compliance is a modern version of the old practice of being checkbox compliant , ensuring that a product has all the features listed in product review .
11	natch is a command line utility , but there is a java based graphical interface .
14	it has bindings for a number of languages , including c , php , java , ruby , and more .
17	in the east indies winkel was conscripted into the royal netherlands army in 1928 and served in java before joining the colonial administration .
10	xj3d is a project of the web3d consortium developing a java toolkit/browser which displays the 3d modelling standard formats vrml97 and x3d .
12	kronjo is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
28	examples to distinguish a fully qualified name from a regular name , c++ , tcl , perl and ruby use two colons ( : : ) , and java uses dots ( .
5	s. javanicum is found in java , east soemba island , and from eastern new guinea .
49	bandung conference billed as an all - oriental meet to promote afro-asian economic and cultural cooperation and to oppose colonialism orneocolonialism by either the united states or the soviet union in the cold war , or any other imperialistic nations , the asian–african conference was held in bandung ( java ) in april 1955 , upon invitation extended by the prime ministers of india , pakistan , burma , ceylon , and indonesia .
19	he governed until 1813 , during which he expanded the british presence in the area to the moluccas , java , and other dutch possessions in the east indies during the napoleonic wars .
11	it is found in vietnam , thailand , india , western java and eastern borneo .
20	it was able to run all series 60 software ( other than those that require a camera ) , and java midp applications as well .
23	doug lea , a computer scientist at suny oswego , specialist of concurrent programming and concurrent data structure who made significant contributions to java .
4	it is developed using java and the integrated gis is based on the arcgis engine of esri .
36	in early 1942 , tokitsukaze participated in the invasion of the netherlands east indies , escorting the invasion forces for menado , kendari and ambon in january , and the invasion forces for timor and eastern java in february .
13	distribution and habitat the asian fairy-bluebird has a discontinuous distribution from india to java and vietnam .
13	an interface may define only a single method ; for example , the java language defines the interface readable that has the single read ( ) method .
27	it is found in south-east asia , including northern india , thailand , laos , assam , burma , vietnam , tonkin , hainan , sumatra , java , lombok , celebes , amboina , buru and batjan .
10	it is found on and endemic to the island of java , as well as on several of the surrounding indonesia islands .
8	for example : : provides extensions to the java swing gui toolkit .
17	this is the approach followed by many interpreted language such as awk , and some languages like java , which are meant to be compiled into some machine-independent pseudocode ( bytecode ) .
6	it is found on sumatra , java , and bali .
12	cable beach was named after the telegraph cable laid between broome and java in 1889 .
75	support in programming languages programming languages that support general multimethods : common lisp ( via the common lisp object system ) haskell via multi-parameter type classes scala , also via multi-parameter type classes dylan nice cecil r julia groovy perl 6 seed7 clojure c # 4.0 fortress tads multimethods in other programming languages via extensions : scheme ( via e.g. ) python ( via , , , or ) perl ( via the module ) java ( using the extension ) ruby ( via the library and and ) .net ( via the library ) c# ( via the library ) c++ ( via the library ) factor ( via the standard ) also , multi-parameter type classes in haskell and scala can be used to emulate multiple dispatch .
6	here is a sample code in java : int ( ) ( ) maze = new int ( width ) ( height ) ; / / the maze boolean ( ) ( ) washere = new boolean ( width ) ( height ) ; boolean ( ) ( ) correctpath = new boolean ( width ) ( height ) ; / / the solution to the maze int startx , starty ; / / starting x and y values of maze int endx , endy ; / / ending x and y values of maze public void solvemaze ( ) -lcb- maze = generatemaze ( ) ; / / create maze ( 1 = path , 2 = wall ) for ( int row = 0 ; row ( maze .
22	he was awarded the decoration for the gallantry he showed in attempting an aircrash rescue on 22 february 1945 in kletek in java .
14	distribution native to china , india , japan , malaysia , and indonesia on java , moluccas , and timor .
20	at first operating out of surabaya , she moved in february 1942 to tjilatjap , the last allied port in java .
13	sindang jaya is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
5	it is also known from java .
19	programming programming languages available for the as/400 include rpg , assembly language , c , c++ , pascal , java , egl , perl , smalltalk , cobol , sql , basic , php , pl/i , python and rexx .
9	with languages that feature dynamic dispatch , such as java and c++ , computing a static call graph precisely requires alias analysis results .
1	in java it is possible to execute code even after return statement , because the finally block of a try-catch structure is always executed .
9	it is found in the north-eastern himalaya and on java .
8	bees and humans bee larvae as food in java former coat of arms of abella de la conca , lleida , spain bees figure prominently in mythology and folklore and have been used by political theorists as a model for human society .
4	it is found on java , bali , borneo and peninsular malaysia .
33	features qt extended features : windowing system synchronization framework development environment internationalization and localization support game and multimedia personal information manager applications full screen handwriting input method personalization options productivity applications internet applications java integration wireless support qt extended is dual license under the gnu general public license ( gpl ) and proprietary licenses .
24	beginning on 17 december , the surviving b-17s based there began to be evacuated to australia , then were sent to singosari airfield , java on 30 december 1941 .
14	it is based on the free and open-source limewire file sharing program written in java .
6	firefox 26 changed the behavior of java plugins to '' click-to-play '' mode instead of automatically running them .
32	in this one can reuse the libraries written in another language of the same vm : e.g. a program written in groovy , scala or clojure can use any library written in java .
34	; api in addition to the online control panel , the service can be accessed over a rest api with open source client code available in c# / .net , python , php , java , and ruby .
30	the dutch were under severe international pressure to disband the colonial army and temporarily made these men part of the regular dutch army , while trying to demobilise them in java .
12	on april 20 1872 the last ship with african recruits left for java .
5	the c , c++ , java and .net variants of apis are available for creating applications to use rtr .
7	the medang or mataram kingdom was a java hindu -- buddhist kingdom that flourished between the 8th and 10th centuries .
14	pachymantis bicingulata is a species of praying mantis found in malaysia , sumatra , java , and borneo .
12	cloth printed with colored patterns crafted by native techniques were exported to java and the far east .
19	the mindquarry server relies on a number of technologies , including the apache http server , subversion , and java sdk .
37	antipodes the llanos of venezuela , along the course of the apure and orinoco rivers , are antipodal to central indonesia , specifically the islands of bali , lombok , sumbawa , madura , and most of java .
9	it is referred to as a security principal in java and microsoft literature .
20	following the end of world war ii the dutch wished to move no . 18 and no. 120 squadrons to java , however , and to facilitate this the raaf element of the squadron was disbanded on 30 october 1945 .
27	the color pattern of this juvenile matched with that of juveniles of another species of snakehead , o. micropeltes , originally described by cuvier and valenciennes from java , indonesia .
9	allows command line operations and interfaces to com , java , and .net and also includes a built-in http server .
8	crate data is open source , written in java and based on a shared nothing architecture .
9	highly influenced by programming languages such as c , java , self , and scheme , javascript supports object oriented , functional , and imperative programming styles .
8	statically typed languages with null include : c# java oxygene statically typed cli languages dynamically-typed languages with null include : perl scalar variables default to undef and can be set to undef .
22	after stopping at funchal , madeira islands ; porto praya ; and simonstown , false bay ; the expedition arrived batavia , java , 12 december .
9	jfreechart is an open-source framework for the programming language java , which allows the creation of a wide variety of both interactive and non-interactive chart .
14	doclet programs work with the javadoc tool to generate documentation from code written in java .
12	havell points out the ground plan of the ancient hindu temple of java , the chandi siva prambanan temple is identical with that of the taj mahal .
6	it is found on sumatra , java and in malaysia .
38	ubuntu 7.04 included several new features , among them a migration assistant to help former microsoft windows users transition to ubuntu , support for kernel-based virtual machine , assisted codec and restricted drivers installation including adobe flash , java , mp3 support , easier installation of nvidia and ati drivers , compiz desktop effects , support for wi-fi protected access , the addition of sudoku and chess , a disk usage analyzer ( baobab ) , gnome control center , and zeroconf support for many devices .
4	in the design of java web application , there are two commonly used design models , referred to as model 1 and model 2 .
26	whereas deforestation was primarily driven by subsistence activities and government-sponsored development projects like transmigration in countries like indonesia and colonization in latin america , india , java , and so on , during late 19th century and the earlier half of the 20th century .
21	accident shortly after 13 : 40 utc ( 20 : 40 jakarta time ) above the indian ocean , south of java , the flight crew ( consisting of 32-year-old senior first officer roger greaves and 40-year-old senior engineer officer barry townley-freeman while 41-year-old captain eric moody was in the lavatory ) first noted an effect on the windscreen similar to st elmo 's fire .
25	located on the northern coast , medan is the third largest city in indonesia behind jakarta , surabaya , and the largest indonesian city outside java .
4	the rule of the java - based empire of majapahit ( 1293 -- 1527 ) extended to the western fringes of new guinea .
15	azul systems , inc. , a privately held company , develops runtime platforms for executing java - based applications .
17	in early 1942 ( january to march ) , his fleet was involved in the invasions of java and sumatra .
11	orientdb is an open source nosql database management system written in java .
7	a rewrite of the torchat protocol in java was created in the beginning of 2012 , called on google code .
15	to date the most important activity has been the migration of legacy cobol applications to java .
43	returning to fremantle 27 june from her patrol area off southern indo-china and western borneo , the submarine refitted for her fourth war patrol , during which she performed three dangerous special missions , landing and later evacuating agents from the coast of java .
24	the '' thumb '' has different names in different environments : on the macintosh it is called a '' scroller '' ; on the java platform it is called '' thumb '' or '' knob '' ; microsoft 's .
5	also felt at jakarta , java .
7	it is found in queensland and on java and sumatra .
10	the red-white flag was flown for the first time in java in 1928 .
15	mondrian is an open source olap ( online analytical processing ) server , written in java .
8	the technique was later generalized to testing multithreaded java programs with jcute , and unit testing programs from their executable codes ( tool osmose ) .
2	originally from java , tumpeng is a cone shaped mound of rice surrounded by an assortment of other dishes , officially chosen as indonesian national dish in 2014 .
15	in the five year struggle that followed , which was waged over much of central java , over 200,000 javanese and 15,000 dutch soldiers were killed .
40	it is native to south-east asia , where it has been recorded from taiwan , hong kong , china ( hainan ) , nepal , india , sri-lanka , thailand , vietnam , western malaysia , singapore , sumatra , java , borneo , the philippines and the chagos archipelago .
4	it remained based on java throughout the pacific war as a garrison force .
13	it contains only one species , elosita fuscocilialis , which is found on java .
15	scavis is scientific package which uses jython to call numerical and graphical libraries written in java julia is designed for cloud parallel scientific computing in mind on llvm - based jit as a backend .
28	the anglo-dutch treaty of 1824 consolidated this separation , with the british controlling all territories north of the singapore strait and the dutch controlling territories from riau to java .
14	stm32 j stmicroelectronics provides a selection of stm32 microcontrollers ready to be used with java programming language .
36	the idea of the north kalimantan was originally proposed by brunei 's people party president , a. m. azahari , who had forged links with sukarno 's nationalist movement , together with ahmad zaidi , in java in the 1940s .
2	written in java , it streams or transcodes many different media-formats , with minimum configuration .
17	hbase is an open source , non-relational , distributed database modeled after google's bigtable and written in java .
17	siamese crocodile ( crocodylus siamensis ) is a freshwater crocodile native to indonesia ( borneo and possibly java ) , brunei , east malaysia , laos , cambodia , burma , thailand , and vietnam .
18	it is found in afghanistan , iran , western pakistan , india , sri lanka , sulawesi , java , bali , malaysia , sumatra and australia , where it has been recorded from the northern territory and queensland .
18	there are at present ( april 2014 ) 4 recognized species : myxopyrum nervosum blume - borneo , java , malaysia , maluku , sulawesi , sumatra , new guinea myxopyrum nervosum subsp .
10	in 1741 he was a secretary with the army on java .
10	dimantis haani is a species of praying mantis found in java .
15	it was first released under the name seagate analysis as a free application written in java released in 1999 .
16	the division between asia and australasia ( oceania ) is disputed , and placed somewhere between java and new guinea .
23	the rhino engine , created primarily by norris boyd ( formerly of netscape ; now at google ) is a javascript implementation in java .
10	decimal arithmetic decimal arithmetic , compatible with that used in java , c# , pl/i , cobol , python , rexx , etc. , is also defined in this section .
64	the six specimens obtained in the solomon sea in 1976 were only noted to be smaller at sexual maturity than the '' ordinary '' bryde 's whales caught off new zealand , whereas the two caught near the cocos-keeling islands in 1978 were n't differentiated from the 118 other '' ordinary '' bryde 's whales taken in the eastern indian ocean , south of java .
38	jscheme is an implementation of the scheme programming language , created by kenneth r. anderson , timothy j. hickey and peter norvig , which is almost compliant with the r4rs scheme standard and which has an interface to java .
9	sciplore mindmapping is a mind mapping application written in java .
6	this interface is primarily written in java ( although portions , such as the rules for typesetting mathematical formulae , are written in the maple language ) .
22	occidozyga is a genus of frog in the dicroglossidae family found in southeastern asia between eastern india , southern china , and java .
12	many settlements were destroyed , including teluk betung sirik and serang in java .
23	leafletjs open-source javascript library for mobile-friendly interactive maps software development frameworks and libraries ( non-web ) geotools open source gis toolkit written in java , using open geospatial consortium specifications .
13	kresek is a district within tangerang regency in the province of banten , java , indonesia .
13	the pcap api is written in c , so other languages such as java , .net languages , and scripting languages generally use a wrapper ; no such wrappers are provided by libpcap or winpcap itself .
29	this product contains a wsh scripting engine which allows for programming of the windows operating system and applications with rexx in the same fashion in which visual basic and java / j++ are implemented by the default wsh installation and perl , tcl , python third-party scripting engines .
23	overview scavis has several features useful for data analysis : uses jython , beanshell , groovy , jruby scripting , or the standard java .
11	a viral epidemic may explain the prevalence of black leopards in java and malaysia and the relatively high incidence of black leopard and black serval in the aberdares region of africa .
5	the eendracht sailed on to java and reached batavia on october 28 with a remarkable 84 of the original 87 crew members of both ships on board .
22	plot after four years of doing his residency in singkawang , borneo , dr. pardi ( adnan kapau gani ) returns to java to open a practice .
13	it is found from the philippines to new guinea , new britain and java .
16	the company had at various stages extended its influence to china , the philippines , and java .
52	equivalent classifications other equivalent classifications are : uic classification : 1f1 ( also known as german classification and italian classification ) french classification : 161 turkish classification : 68 swiss classification : 6/8 other names this wheel arrangement is infrequently called '' javanic '' , after the use of large 2-12-2ts in java .
8	the ccvs api supported use under php , java , perl , tcl , and c to allow merchants to communicate directly with the credit card clearing house instead of using internet-based intermediaries .
14	it is widespread in southeast asia , in borneo , china , india , java , malaysia , singapore , and sumatra .
9	on some new species of carabidae , chiefly from java .
9	v5 and v6 added support for templates that used java and asp rather than tcl .
11	from 1996 onwards , w3c focused on the development of the java - based jigsaw server .
17	aeschynanthus radicans is a vine-like plant native to the humid tropics of the malay peninsula south to java .
10	traditionally , in the kudus regency on the island of java , the flowers were scattered on tombs by family members .
10	it is currently positioned , alongside the more recently introduced java , as the language for programming the sap application server , part of its netweaver platform for building business applications .
8	emil selenka decided to organize an expedition to java to find more evidence .
7	pemali river is a river in northern java , indonesia .
8	akagi and her consorts covered the invasion of java , although her main contribution appears to have been providing 18 '' kates '' and 9 '' zeros '' for the 5 march air strike on tjilatjap .
38	the decision in 2003 had two components , on the one hand to get free software running on most of the desktops , and on the other hand to buy and develop web-based and platform independent ( e.g. java - based ) business applications .
19	service history 1865-74 1874-75 the adelphoi seems to have first made its way into australian waters in 1874 via java , leaving cherilbon on 1 october with a full cargo of sugar .
7	biography einthoven was born in semarang on java in the dutch east indies ( now indonesia ) .
12	mekarbaru is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
34	shackspace is also used by other initiatives and groups in and around stuttgart to host events ( tech talks , workshops , project demos , and parties ) , such as thunder talks , java and python workshops , public viewing of google i/o and worldwide html5 campout in collaboration with google developer group stuttgart , regular meetups of the linux user group stuttgart ( lugs ) , kde code sprint , nasa international space apps challenge .
21	the main perceived threats were to acehnese religion and culture from the '' neo-colonial '' government and the rising numbers of java migrants into aceh .
6	it is found on bali , java , sumatra and in malaysia .
14	he lived in yogyakarta and was interred in the jesuit necropolis at muntilan , java .
6	the client-software is written in the java programming language .
15	he was part of 2-vlg-v , which was stationed in singapore before its withdrawal to java .
13	similarly , kukkuta sastra as a form of divination is also exampled within java - bali religious understanding as revealed within '' tatempuran , javanese-balinese prose treatise on marks of fighting-cocks , divination of cock-fighting '' and '' palm leaf notes on divination referring to fighting cock '' found within the inventory of the library of the university of leiden .
9	it was discovered even earlier by louis deschamps in java between 1791 and 1794 , but his notes and illustrations , seized by the british in 1803 , were not available to western science until 1861 .
10	malicious code may exploit activex , html , images , java , javascript , and other web technologies and cause the browser to run arbitrary code .
6	it is found on nias and java .
18	this can be seen in the sculptures and architectural style of the sailendra empire ( present-day malaya , java , sumatra ) .
14	early life lil dagover was born marie antonia siegelinde martha seubert in madiun , java , dutch east indies ( now indonesia ) to german parents .
17	it also occurs on christmas island , an australia territory in the north-eastern indian ocean south of java .
11	the university has a sun microsystems lab , mainly used in java courses , and unix courses on sun sparc based machines .
18	this book is about his voyage with the nieuw hoorn , the shipwreck , the adventurous voyage to java in lifeboats , and his subsequent years of service in east asia .
15	the implementation was a part of the effort in the early 2000s to break the java ecosystem free from sun microsystems 's control .
18	anak wungsu was the youngest brother of airlangga , who succeeded him as the ruler of bali and java .
18	international components for unicode ( icu ) is an open source project of mature c / c++ and java libraries for unicode support , software internationalization , and software globalization .
10	the range includes thailand , peninsular malaysia , sumatra , java and sulawesi ( payne et al . 1985 ) .
20	she remained in makassar strait until 23 december , then she steamed from balikpapan , borneo , to surabaya , java , arriving the 24th .
17	the company delivers software consulting , product engineering , and it training services with a focus on java software development .
13	upload components can be built with various technologies : flash , silverlight , java , activex , and html5 .
11	syntax programming languages that use finalizers include c++/cli , c# , java , and python .
8	the type specimen of both were recovered from java , indonesia .
6	it is found on sumatra , java , bali , the peninsular malaysia and borneo .
17	however , his best-known achievement was the construction of the great post road ( ) across northern java from anjer to panaroecan .
35	the action of 18 october 1806 was a minor naval engagement during the napoleonic wars , fought between the british royal navy frigate caroline and a dutch squadron at the entrance to batavia harbor on java in the dutch east indies .
7	temples were terraced on the island of java by at least 800 ce , and the practice spread to cambodia .
31	about fifty countries carried out overseas trade with the song , among them ceylon , langkasuka , mait , samboja , borneo , kelantan , champa , chenla , bengtrao , java , india , calicut , lambri , bengal , kurum , gujara , mecca , egypt , baghdad , iraq , aman , the almoravid dynasty , sicily , morocco , tanzania , somalia , ryukyu , korea , and japan .
15	many subspecies live in pakistan , afghanistan , the philippines , russia , china , java , sri lanka , sumatra , and borneo .
4	he later left for java , never to return ; other princes went into voluntary exile in other south east asian countries , and some others in europe .
27	sunan kudus ( or ja ` far shadiq , died 1550 ) , founder of kudus , is considered to be one of the wali sanga of java , indonesia he is said to have originated the wayang golek , and founded the masjid at kudus using ( it is said ) the doors from the palace of majapahit .
6	in other languages , such as java and python , the value is fixed and a new string must be created if any alteration is to be made ; these are termed immutable strings .
25	uses uses of resin benzoin resin , a dried exudation from pierced bark , is currently produced from various styrax species native to sumatra , java , and thailand .
18	mozilla 1.7.13 for os/2 warp 4 firefox 3.5.4 for os/2 warp 4 in 1996 , warp 4 added java and speech recognition software .
17	it has since been ported to mac os x , to the iphone , to a portable java applet , and to flash for facebook .
26	in addition to the original c++ , the lzma sdk contains reference implementations of lzma compression and decompression ported to ansi c , c# , and java .
25	terralib is implemented as a library of c++ classes and functions , written in ansi - c + + , and has programming interfaces in java and visual basic .
8	alatiliparis is a species of orchids native to java and sumatra in indonesia .
2	by using java and jdbc drivers allow you to connect to multiple databases .
12	rajeg is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
36	the perl cookbook inspired the pleac ( programming language examples alike cookbook ) website , which translated the code snippets in the perl cookbook into other languages : python , ruby , guile , tcl , java , and beyond .
12	acrocercops euargyra is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from java , indonesia .
6	apache tapestry is an open-source component-oriented java web application framework conceptually similar to javaserver faces and apache wicket .
7	following the augmentation of ensembles in central java over the last century , however , the east javanese have added one or two siyem and three or four kempul for each tuning system in many ensembles .
12	the script of the island of bali , heavily influenced by neighboring java , has a unique sub-form called tulisan bali .
13	; 9 may a sukhoi superjet 100 airliner crashes on mount salak on java in indonesia during a demonstration flight for airline representatives and journalists , killing all 45 people on board .
20	) the game is often used as a programming exercise , and many versions are available on the web as java applet .
9	- an open source animator which was written in java and interprets nearly all siteswap syntax .
16	jayakatwang ( died 1293 ) was the king of short lived second kingdom of kediri of java , after his overthrow of kertanegara , the last king of singhasari .
29	distribution this species can be found in india , burma , northern thailand , southern china , laos , cambodia , vietnam , myanmar , malaysia , sumatra , java , borneo and the philippines .
3	visad is a java component library for interactive and collaborative visualization and analysis of numerical data .
34	comparisons according to the ieee 754 standard , negative zero and positive zero should compare as equal with the usual ( numerical ) comparison operators , like the = = operators of c and java .
8	itsnat natural ajax , is an open source java component-based ajax framework .
5	s. inconspicuum is endemic to java and is one of the few stylidium species that are not native to australia .
31	he had postulated , like others , that this was likely the result of the august 26th 1883 , catastrophic eruption of the volcano krakatoa located in indonesia , east of java .
9	applications the device supported flash lite 2 and midp java 2.0 .
11	many concepts initially introduced by eiffel later found their way into java , c# , and other languages .
18	the great post road ( or ) , is the name for the historical road that runs across java that connects anyer and panarukan .
2	in the java programming language , every class implicitly or explicitly provides a hashcode ( ) method , which digests the data stored in an instance of the class into a single hash value ( a 32 - bit signed integer ) .
7	oracle sued google over the use of java - related technology in google 's popular android operating system for smartphones and tablet computers .
17	it is naturalized in many scattered locales : mauritius , madagascar , the maldives , cambodia , java , christmas island , chiapas , central america , southern florida , the bahamas , cuba , hispaniola , jamaica , puerto rico , and the lesser antilles .
24	in support of this claim , it has been noted that the 13th century traveller marco polo claimed to have seen a unicorn in java , but his description makes it clear to the modern reader that he actually saw a javan rhinoceros .
7	e combines message - based computation with java - like syntax .
5	esmertec was a provider of java in-device engines and mobile services platforms , headquartered in zurich , switzerland .
31	like vala , genie uses the gobject type system to create classes and interfaces declared in genie source code , without imposing additional runtime requirements ( i.e. , unlike python , java or c # , it does not require a virtual machine ) .
9	the first slaves were brought to the cape from java and madagascar in the following year to work on the farms .
5	the novel is set in java at the end of world war two preceding the indonesian war of independence .
27	distribution conus stramineus appears to be restricted to indonesia , it has been reported from the moluccas and is relatively common off the south west coast of java .
27	tigerair mandala 's fleet of new airbus a320 aircraft ( brand new aircraft originally ordered for tigerair singapore ) fly primarily within the more populous regions of java and sumatra , providing domestic and regional international connections of no more than five hours .
16	while it has been influential in research circles ( influencing the designs of languages such as java , c# , and python ) it has not been adopted widely in industry .
17	the company is a microsoft gold certified partner and member of sun advantage program with .net and java r & d centers .
11	klepon ( pronounced klê-pon ) is a traditional rice cake from java , indonesia , and now popular in indonesia and malaysia .
9	technology as a platform , linguastream provides an extensive java api .
11	programming languages such as perl , ruby , c , and java support template processing either natively , or through add-on libraries and modules .
25	in 1893-94 he was stationed in the dutch east indies , being based at the buitenzorg herbarium while in the meantime collecting liverwort specimens on java and sumatra .
25	the dutch were the first to start the spread of the coffee plant in central and south america , and by the early 19th century java was the third largest producer in the world .
8	it describes the history of the island of java from ancient times .
17	it is known from the nepal , north-eastern india , south-western china , thailand , vietnam and java .
1	february java was struck by a magnitude 4.8 earthquake that occurred on february 2 .
25	in the second place , in the historiography of southeast asia the southern thailand has generally played a secondary role to that of places like java , the malacca strait region ( srivijaya in the seventh ~ eighth century , melaka in the fifteenth century ) , cambodia , champa , vietnam , and burma .
26	movie theaters the largest movie theater chain in indonesia is 21 cineplex , which has cinemas spread throughout twenty-four cities on the islands of sumatra , java , kalimantan , bali and sulawesi .
1	the java gui toolkit , swing , for instance , provides the class which serves as a container for individual frames ( class ) .
6	it is found in sumatra , java , sulawesi and borneo .
27	the banded pig ( sus scrofa vittatus ) is a subspecies of wild boar native to the thai-malay peninsula and many indonesia islands , including sumatra , java , and the lesser sundas as far east as komodo .
24	lang island ( dutch : '' long '' ; modern indonesian : rakata kecil or panjang ) lies in the sunda strait , between java and sumatra , in indonesia .
19	he founded the sultanate of banten , as well as the sultanate of cirebon on the north coast of java .
14	distribution this species can be found in east india , thailand , laos , java and timor .
9	the key tool is used in formal verification of java programs .
13	shirayuki was subsequently assigned to '' operation j '' ( the invasion of java ) , and was in the battle of sunda strait on 1 march , assisting in the sinking of the australian cruiser and the american cruiser .
3	programming example a java program that writes out the numbers from 1 to 10 , using a curly bracket syntax , might look like this : for ( int i = 1 ; i ( = 10 ; i + + ) -lcb- system .
23	this was in turn almost certainly named after the city , which is the capital of indonesia , located on the island of java .
32	( however , in the predominantly-muslim nation of indonesia , bat meat is known to be a prized delicacy , especially within the batak and minahasa minority communities , but also in java .
13	kingdom 's name initially the kingdom identified only through its location yawadvipa ( java island ) as mentioned in canggal inscription ( 732 ) .
26	operators personnel of 80 squadron raf amongst parts of a japanese f1m , bearing indonesian markings , at an airfield and seaplane base in surabaya , java .
16	its pavilion shelters the tomb of sunan giri , one of the nine muslim saints of java ( see wali sanga ) , and like the tombs of the other wali sanga , it is a significant and highly auspicious pilgrimage point .
70	subspecies are m. a. stuarti , western and central thailand m. a. invisa , northern thailand m. a. orientalis , southeast thailand and indo-china m. a. duvaucelii , malaysia , sumatra , and the lowlands of borneo m. a. gigantorhina , nias islands , west sumatra m. a. tanamassa , batu islands , west sumatra m. a. cyanea , mt. kinabalu , north borneo m. a. australis , the nominate java subspecies m. a. hebereri , bali ripley 's m. a. eximia , north borneo , is now usually split as the bornean barbet , m. eximia .
34	in early 1942 , satsuki was assigned to escorting troop convoys from french indochina for '' operation e '' ( the invasion of malaya ) and '' operation j '' ( the invasion of java , netherlands east indies ) , in february .
38	history the cocos ( keeling ) islands are believed to have first been seen by europeans in 1609 by captain william keeling , after whom they are named , of the east india company on a journey from java in the dutch east indies .
5	the application is programmed in java , and is maintained for windows , linux and mac os x .
6	when pulford did not arrive in java , maltby took over command of raf far east command , but was captured and spent the rest of the war as a prisoner of war of the japanese .
4	it is endemic to java , indonesia .
32	he destroyed several towns and forts on the island of balanguingui , between the islands of basilan and jolo , and released one hundred and thirty filipino and dutch captives ( from java ) in 1848 .
37	in early 1942 , kuroshio participated in the invasion of the netherlands east indies , escorting the invasion forces for menado , kendari and ambon in january , and the invasion forces for makassar , timor and java in february .
14	sadly , john leyden never returned to his native land as he died on java on 28 august 1811 .
1	unlike java or c# , objects may be synchronized not only with signals but directly on conditions .
28	manifestations in languages that support checked exceptions error hiding is one of the more common anti-patterns to encounter in languages that support the paradigm of checked exceptions including java .
18	in some languages , this is done with a keyword ( e.g. const in c++ , final in java ) that designates the field to be immutable .
19	macro languages are a kind of transformation languages to transform a meta language into specific higher programming language like java , c++ , fortran in the model-driven engineering technical space , there are model transformation language ( mtls ) , that take as input models conforming to a given metamodel and produce as output models conforming to a different metamodel .
9	he returned in 1832 before continuing to sumatra , java , the philippines and indo-china .
20	on 2 november 2006 , google began offering a mobile-application based version of gmail for mobile phones capable of running java applications .
24	sarons of the gamelan sekati in yogyakarta the gamelan sekaten ( or sekati ) is a ceremonial gamelan ( musical ensemble ) from central java , indonesia , played during the annual sekaten festival .
4	it is found on java on borneo .
25	the software is written using open cascade in c++ for the engine ( geometry , topology , viewers , data management , ... ) , java for the gui and data are stored in extensible mark-up language xml .
18	users can also access crystal reports from outside of microsoft environments ; this allows ( for instance ) java developers to build applications with crystal reports components .
10	jmule is an open source file sharing client written in java for edonkey2000 networks .
23	the closest big cities are : singaraja , located in the north of bali and banyuwangi , located on the eastern coast of java .
22	more samples were then photographed by peter a. ouwens , the director of the zoological museum and botanical gardens in bogor , java .
12	the hindu majapahit empire ( 1293 -- 1520 ad ) on eastern java founded a balinese colony in 1343 .
16	on 8 february 1942 , the 25th infantry brigade boarded the transport , initially bound for java .
15	sydle seed sydle seed is a workflow engine for business process management , written in java where you can model , execute and monitor processes described in bpmn .
8	these games are usually designed with flash / java / dhtml and run directly in web-browsers .
15	' '' he settles on a three-sentence definition : types of colonialism dutch family in java , 1927 historians often distinguish between two overlapping forms of colonialism : settler colonialism involves large-scale immigration , often motivated by religious , political , or economic reasons .
43	colonial literature the republic 's colonies , of which the dutch east indies were the most important , started to produce writers as well , the first of which was abraham alewijn ( b. 1664 ) , a comedy playwright who lived in java and whose plays were produced in batavia .
18	the ullen sentalu museum is a javanese culture and art museum located in kaliurang highland , yogyakarta , java , indonesia .
4	jhymn is written in java .
36	some languages are designed to support one particular paradigm ( smalltalk supports object-oriented programming , haskell supports functional programming ) , while other programming languages support multiple paradigms ( such as object pascal , c++ , java , c# , scala , visual basic , common lisp , scheme , perl , python , ruby , oz and f# ) .
16	the perfect specification language used has an object-oriented style , producing code in programming languages including java , c# and c++ .
24	( ) : world war ii : the seaplane tender and aircraft transport was bombed by japanese aircraft in the indian ocean south of java , dutch east indies with the loss of 16 of her 468 crew .
98	tomé pires ( the suma oriental ) ( 1512 -- 1515 ) : tomé pires wrote a landmark book on asian trade , the suma oriental que trata do mar roxo até aos chins ( summa of the east , from the red sea up to the chinese ) in malacca and india between 1512 -- 1515 , completed before the death of afonso de albuquerque ( december 1515 ) , which highlighted the emergence of parameswara replacing his father , raja sam agi as the ruler of palembang and later attacked by the king of majapahit of java , king batara tamavill for declaring himself as ` mjeura ' ( those who dare ) before fled to temasik ( singapore ) where he killed siamese king of ayutthaya 's representative , temagi and he secretly ruled temasik for 5 years .
18	the martial art of pencak silat was thought to be created and firstly developed in the islands of java and sumatra .
15	it has rarely been recorded , with all records coming from the north coast of java .
32	though it originated as a re-engineering of c++ , d is a distinct language , having redesigned some core c + + features while also taking inspiration from other languages , notably java , python , ruby , c# , and eiffel .
11	the 8th century wooden double outrigger sailed borobudur ship of ancient java suggested that there is ancient trading links across indian ocean between indonesia and africa ( in particular east africa and madagascar ) called the cinnamon route .
25	its non-breeding range extends from south-east china south through eastern burma , thailand , laos and vietnam to malaysia and indonesia where a few reach java and bali in the south and sulawesi in the east .
8	ternary from c , c++ , c# , java , perl and variants comes the ternary operator , which is a so-called conditional operator , taking three parameters .
32	libraries are often written in c because c compilers generate efficient object code ; programmers then create interfaces to the library so that the routines can be used from higher-level languages like java , perl , and python .
24	type libraries are used to generate proxy pattern / stub code for interoperating between com and other platforms , such as microsoft .net and java .
12	although they share a similar name , the kacapi of sunda on java is a zither , and not a lute .
6	criticisms 389 directory server has a java - based gui front end for administration , but the underlying ldap database can be managed by other ldap compliant tools .
4	volcano kelud erupts in java , killing about 5,000 .
17	it is found in the mekong and chao phraya river basins , malay peninsula , sumatra , java and borneo .
6	this cross-platform tool is written in java and is available in all of the popular operating systems including microsoft windows , linux and mac os x .
8	rhino is a javascript engine developed entirely in java and managed by the mozilla foundation as open source software .
64	the most widespread subspecies are the nominate from along the sub - himalayan range in india and nepal , melanotis in peninsular india , spilogaster of sri lanka , burmanicus in most of indochina , ricketti in northern vietnam and southern china , malayensis of the thai-malay peninsula and northern sumatra , pallidus from northern borneo , richmondi from southern borneo , bido from java and bali , batu from southern sumatra and batu , hoya from taiwan , rutherfordi from hainan , and palawanensis from palawan .
13	annie doris ( '' dolly '' ) walker-wraight ( 24 april 1920 , java -- 15 february 2002 ) was a british school teacher and writer , notable for her support of marlovian theory , the view that christopher marlowe was the true author of shakespeare 's works .
10	ferry service between bali , west nusa tenggara , and java was suspended , isolating residents in nusa penida , nusa lembongan , and nusa ceningan .
12	unix/linux management servers are accessed using either a motif gui or a java based gui .
20	it is a marine , deep water-dwelling eel which is known from the indo-west pacific , including northwestern australia , java ( from which the species epithet is derived ) , and indonesia .
17	arriving in singapore too late to prevent its capture , it moved to sumatra and then to java , in the event caught up in the japanese invasion .
22	together is a product from borland , formerly from togethersoft ( acquired by borland in 2003 ) , that currently integrates a java ide , which originally had its roots in jbuilder , with a uml modeling tool .
13	it is endemic to indonesia , where it is found in sumatra and java .
3	harmony is a java - based software for creating high-definition music videos with 2d and 3d animations .
50	arithmetic operators comparison operators/relational operators logical operators bitwise operators compound assignment operators member and pointer operators other operators notes : operator precedence the following is a table that lists the precedence and associativity of all the operators in the c and c++ languages ( when the operators also exist in java , perl , php and many other recent languages , the precedence is the same as that given ) .
12	, updating the visual style of the site and replacing the former java - based chat system .
16	it is found on the peninsular malaysia , pulau tioman , pulau aur , sumatra , java , langkawi and probably in southern thailand .
6	it is called gula jawa ( java sugar ) in indonesia and is widely used in javanese cuisine .
21	it was created as jhepwork project in 2005 and it was initially written for data analysis for particle physics using the java software concept for international linear collider project developed at slac .
22	pleistodontes is a genus of fig wasp native to australia and new guinea , with one species ( p. claviger ) from java .
20	evidence for the earliest cultivation , however , comes from the eighth century stone inscriptions from the central island of java , which shows that kings levied taxes in rice .
29	server software , including : web applications , which usually run on the web server and output dynamically generated web pages to web browsers , using e.g. php , java or asp.net , or even javascript that runs on the server .
36	they are widely distributed in sri lanka , southwest and northeast india , bangladesh , andaman and nicobar islands , southern china , southern burma , indochina , thailand , the malay peninsula , sumatra , java , bali , sulawesi , the philippines and also on the lesser sunda islands .
22	the species is widely cultivated and is reportedly naturalized in république de guinée , the maldive islands , mauritius , réunion , java , the cook islands , chiapas , central america , and much of the west indies .
7	a small tsunami hit the shores of java and sumatra , some away , between the time of 18 : 00 and 19 : 00 hours .
28	śailēndra ( lord of the mountain ) or śailēndravaṃśa ( '' śailēndra dynasty '' ) was the name of an influential indonesia dynasty that emerged in 8th century java .
8	it is found in southern india and on java and borneo , as well as in taiwan , japan , thailand and australia ( queensland ) .
13	it contains only one species , pyretaulax miltogramma , which is found on java .
1	philosophy java is one of the most popular programming languages ever , and it has grown an enormous ecosystem of libraries and tools throughout the years .
10	; compilers c gnu , c + + gnu , java gnu , fortran gnu , turbo pascal , ms visual studio 6.0 ; application software octave , circuit simulators , vhdl toolkit , uml tools .
51	in the 19th century , the plant 's seeds and cuttings were smuggled out for new cultivation at cinchona plantation in colonial regions of tropical asia , notably by the british to the british raj and ceylon ( present day india and sri lanka ) , and by the dutch to java in the dutch east indies ( present day indonesia ) .
4	it is known from java in indonesia .
47	it made use of the prevailing westerly winds at those latitudes known as the '' roaring forties '' , a route which had been pioneered a few years earlier by the dutch navigator hendrik brouwer , who had noted it to be a faster way to reach java .
36	following the outbreak of the napoleonic wars in 1803 , the british admiralty had made the security of these routes a priority , and by 1807 the dutch bases at the cape of good hope and java had been neutralised by expeditionary forces to prevent their use by enemy raiders .
11	an isotype is held at herbarium bogoriense ( bo ) in java .
40	johannes jacobus smith ( antwerp 1867 - oegstgeest 1947 ) ( sometimes written as joannes jacobus smith ) was a dutch botanist who , between years 1905 to 1924 , crossed the islands of the dutch east indies ( mainly java ) , collecting specimens of plants and describing and cataloguing the flora of these islands .
23	the company has 3 development centres in newcastle , edinburgh and bristol and works with technologies including .net , html5 / jquery and java .
20	in malacca and cochin he avidly collected and documented information from the malay - indonesia area , and personally visited java , sumatra ( the two dominant islands of modern-day indonesia ) and maluku .
7	in indonesia , most henghua live in java and since long have been known for their businesses that mainly related with bicycle and transportation vehicles .
18	the competition level of this region was held in six regions of northern sumatra , southern sumatra , java - bali , kalimantan ( borneo ) , sulawesi and eastern indonesia ( nusa tenggara maluku papua ) .
6	squadron deployed aircraft from australia to java in january 1942 to support allied forces during the dutch east indies campaign , carrying out bombing missions against the advancing japanese forces .
10	geographic range it is found in brunei , indonesia , java , kalimantan , malaysia , myanmar , the philippines , sabah , sarawak , singapore , and sumatra .
32	disperis is a genus of 74 species distributed in tropical and southern africa , madagascar , mascarenes , sri lanka , india , thailand , ryukyu islands , china , taiwan , java , lesser sunda islands , philippines , new guinea , and carolines .
4	for example , in java and javascript , the arithmetic right shift operator is ) ) ; whereas the logical right shift operator is ) ) ) .
14	there are also interfaces to other languages ( c , c# , fortran , java , matlab , and visual basic ) .
44	subspecies described subspecies include : c. l. dedii somadikarta , 1986 - bali and lombok c. l. dodgei richmond , 1905 ( bornean swiftlet ) - sabah c. l. linchi horsfield & f. moore , 1854 - madura , bawean , nusa penida and java c. l. ripleyi somadikarta , 1986 - barisan mountains , sumatra description this bird is shiny blackish-brown above with a greenish gloss , including its rump ; sometimes looks black and hooded .
5	jibx is an open source java framework for xml data binding .
13	the plant is indigenous to malaysia , but also found in sumatera , java and borneo .
7	research rosenberg 's research interests include integrated java developments for teaching .
22	clusterpoint server has native client api libraries using faster tcp/ip transport protocol for the following popular programming environments : php .net python java licensing and support commercial .
11	xom is a xml document object model for processing xml with java that strives for correctness and simplicity .
24	presumably , the painted meal moth natively ranged from southern india and sri lanka northeastwards to japan and southeastwards at least to sumatra , java and at least parts of borneo ; perhaps its natural range extended as far as the philippines in the east , and to new guinea or even fiji in the southeast .
1	in java wayang ( shadow puppets ) , the panakawan or panakavan ( phanakavhan ) are the clown servants of the hero .
13	it is found in the south - pacific , fiji , queensland and java .
16	henri breuil and teilhard discovered that the peking man , the nearest relative of pithecanthropus from java , was a faber ( worker of stones and controller of fire ) .
13	it is found in borneo , peninsular malaysia , singapore , sumatra , java , burma and india .
5	debussy came into contact with java gamelan music during the 1889 paris exposition universelle .
23	borneo tallow nut oil is extracted from the fruit of species of genus shorea , which is native to sarawak , borneo , java , malaya and the philippines .
6	however , default character encoding in java for os x is still macroman ( see ) , and the keyboard layout with its combination of control , option , and dead key still map to the original characters in macroman .
34	because xrx applications leverage modern declarative languages on the client and functional languages on the server they are designed to empower non-developers who are not familiar with traditional imperative languages such as javascript , java or .net. overview of xrx xrx is a zero translation application architecture that uses xml to store data in the client web browser , on the application server and in the database server .
25	function overloading or method overloading is a feature found in various programming language such as ada , c++ , c# , delphi , d , java , and swift , that allows creating several method with the same name which differ from each other in the type of the input and the output of the function .
12	other variants of zlob trojan installation come in the form of a java cab file masquerading as a computer scan .
3	orbit diagram a java applet is available and provided as a 3d orbit visualization tool .
8	the basic model of telescript is similar to java , and differs primarily in where the applications would run .
4	elasticsearch is developed in java and is released as open source under the terms of the apache license .
18	from 1900 to 1994 , he studied with the javanese dance and performance teacher , suprapto suryodarmo in java - see amerta movement .
13	mpu prapanca writes the epic poem nagarakretagama , about the majapahit empire in java .
20	he studied medicine at the university of vienna and became a military surgeon for the dutch army , stationed in java in 1853 .
5	breeds from burma east to java .
15	the 1990s saw indonesia accelerate its transmigration program , under which hundreds of thousands of java and sumatra migrants were resettled to papua over a ten-year period , the indonesian government saw this as the economical improvement and also population density improvement for indonesia .
7	it has the ability to link to java objects , and i5/os api ; it can be used to write cgi programs with the help of ibm 's cgidev2 web toolkit , the cozzi , , the rpg toolbox , and other commercial web-enabled packages .
10	it is assumed that it is named after bantam in java , which used to play an important part in the export of oriental crafts to europe .
29	) bfd -- object file library dotgnu -- replacement for microsoft .net gnu c library ( glibc ) -- posix - compliant c library gnu classpath -- libraries for java gnu fribidi -- a library that implements unicode 's bidirectional algorithm gnu gettext -- internationalization library gnulib -- portability library designed for use with the gnu build system gnu libmicrohttpd -- embeddable http server gnu lightning -- just-in-time compilation for generating machine language gnu osip -- session initiation protocol library to implement voip applications gnu portable threads ( pth ) -- software threads for posix - compatible operating systems other compilers and interpreters the following packages provide compilers and interpreters for programming languages beyond those included in the gnu compiler collection .
3	users can download java applications , background images and polyphonic ringtones .
20	it is found in tropical and subtropical asia from india east to china and the ryukyu islands , south to java and the philippines .
10	the two places specially thought of were the island of java , and malacca on the malay peninsula .
6	it is found on bali , java , sumatra and borneo , as well as in southern burma .
3	javapos is for java what opos is for windows , and thus largely platform independent .
6	some object-oriented languages , such as java , do n't support properties , and require the programmer to define a pair of accessor and mutator methods instead .
20	many languages fall between being interpreted or compiled ( e.g. lisp , forth , ucsd pascal , perl , and java ) .
7	technical details kune is programmed using the java - based gwt in the client-side , integrating apache wave ( formerly google wave ) and using mainly the open protocols xmpp and wave federation protocol .
31	in the indian ocean , it is found from south africa and madagascar , to the red sea and the gulf of aden , to india and nearby islands , to java and sumatra .
30	in may , no. 14 squadron conducted patrols of the waters around exmouth gulf while the british eastern fleet refueled there ahead of the operation transom raid against surabaya in java ; united states navy consolidated pby catalina and supermarine spitfire from no . 1 wing raaf also protected the fleet at this time .
11	it is found in the north-eastern himalaya and on borneo and java .
4	it is found on java and in thailand .
51	geographic range it is found in myanmar and southern china ( fujian , hong kong and on hainan island ) , south into vietnam , laos , cambodia , thailand , the malay peninsula and the east indies to indonesia ( the riau archipelago , sumatra , bangka , borneo , java , sulawesi , buton and the sula islands .
31	his mansion and garden in kemayoran with a japanese pavillon was sold to joan van hoorn , as foreigners ( c.q. his brother ) were not allowed to own property on java .
14	the browser supports html , css , ecma script , ajax , rss and java .
34	additionally , objective-c 's use of a smalltalk - like syntax for making method calls has been replaced with a dot-notation style and namespace system more in common with other c-derived modern languages like java or c# .
7	while numerous programming languages , such as java , combine oop with concurrency mechanisms like threads , the phrase '' concurrent object-oriented programming '' primarily refers to systems where objects themselves are a concurrency primitive , such as when objects are combined with the actor model .
13	on 15 january , wavell moved his headquarters to lembang near bandung on java and assumed control of allied operations .
10	the most well-known lion dances are performed in bali and java .
14	windows form with some awt examples the abstract window toolkit ( awt ) is java 's original platform-independent windowing , graphic , and user-interface widget toolkit .
23	the swedish black rooster , hen or chicken is the result of cross-breeding from the ayam cemani , and originated in sumatra and java .
4	she was absent from java from 25 november 1979 until 24 february 1880 for repairs to her boilers that were leaking at singapore .
10	in some object-oriented programming languages , such as c# and java , reflection can be used to override member accessibility rules .
8	bittyrant is a bittorrent client modified from the java - based azureus 2.5 code base .
8	wadler was involved in adding generic types to java 5.0 .
15	technologies used include eclipse , apache , perl , xml , php , propel , java , r and mysql .
17	in 2003 , motorola introduced the world 's first handset to combine a linux operating system and java technology with '' full pda functionality '' .
5	it is also present on java .
6	aida implementations exist for c++ , java and python .
23	shortly after his return to germany , he voyaged to the old world tropics , visiting sri lanka , the malay peninsula , java , and sumatra in 1938 and 1939 .
53	the introduction of the padmasana as an altar to the supreme god , was the result of a 16th-century hindu reformation movement , led by dang hyang nirartha , the priest of the gelgel king batu renggong ( also waturenggong ) , at the time when islam was spreading from the west through java .
6	'' the engine is available in java , c , or com apis and has wrappers for xml and daml .
5	test implementation is done using java or groovy .
17	the following products exist but commercial support and development has stopped : qt jambi -- qt for java qt extended -- application platform for embedded linux - based mobile computing devices history trolltech was founded by eirik chambe-eng and haavard nord on 4 march 1994 .
6	j# : a cli-compliant implementation of java .
3	it is a java web based cross-platform solution .
40	the maluku islands differ from other areas in indonesia ; they contain some of the country 's smallest islands , coral island reefs scattered through some of the deepest seas in the world , and no large islands such as java or sumatra .
16	the dish is popular and widely served in the indonesian archipelago , especially in sumatra , java and also malay peninsula and borneo .
33	it was extracted from the name of benzoic acid , which was named after benzoin resin , whose name probably came via italian from arabic lubān jāwī لُبَان جَاوِىّ = '' frankincense from java '' , because benzoin resin was brought from indonesia .
28	the battle was the first in a series of actions by the royal navy squadron based at madras with the intention of eliminating the dutch squadron maintained at java .
22	the 9th century hindu lokapala devata , the guardians of the directions , on the wall of shiva temple , prambanan , java , indonesia .
7	in the indonesian rain forest area of java , the plant species reported is dysoxylum caulostachyum .
28	archipelagic empires at the start of the modern era , the spice route between india and china crossed majapahit , an archipelagic empire based on the island of java .
5	akysis have been reported from java , sumatra , borneo , tenasserim , thailand , myanmar , and , most recently , the distribution of akysis has been discovered to include india .
11	he belonged to a dynasty stemming from the majapahit empire of java , which had its palace ( puri ) in gelgel , near bali 's south coast .
23	it was established at new delhi , india on 12 february 1942 , around a nucleus of air force personnel newly arrived from java and the philippines , under the command of major general ( later lt. general ) louis brereton .
0	java has several primitive types that are not objects .
8	after traveling through burma , he left for java where he spent nine months , before going to champa ( in modern vietnam ) .
25	the code within these programs typically uses the same languages available to an in-house ibm domino developer : ibm notes formula language , lotusscript , java and javascript .
20	during the ensuing battle the abda fleet suffered heavy losses , and was mostly destroyed after several naval battles around java ; the abda command was later dissolved .
15	installed production capacity ( 2011 ) is almost 1,200 mw from six geothermal fields in java , north sumatra and north sulawesi .
40	the indonesian air force c-130 hercules airplane was carrying 112 people ( 98 passengers and 14 crew ) and crashed at about 6 : 30 local time ( 23 : 30 utc ) , while flying from jakarta to eastern java .
8	it is found in sri lanka and on java and bali .
4	it was written in java using openjdk and its web interface used the google web toolkit .
4	it is written in java and implements the webdav protocol .
4	intrexx is based on java and contains the following modules : designer the designer allows enterprises to create their portal layout according to their individual corporate identity : colors , fonts , symbols , buttons and menu structures can be selected via mouse click from lists as well as a multitude of already premade design templates .
9	in this regard , dynamic cast behaves like a java typecast .
8	at least 14 muslim transmigrants from lombok and java subsequently disappeared after being abducted from another town by an estimated 100 masked militants who had ordered the locals to gather at the village hall .
20	opencv gets a lot of support in the c + + - based openframeworks , but that does n't mean java and processing have to be left out of the fun .
9	ganttproject is gpl - licensed ( free software ) java based , project management software that runs under the windows , linux and mac os x operating systems .
18	it is found in sri lanka , japan ( ogasawara ) , taiwan , the philippines and on java .
13	bojong kidul is a populated place in banten province on the island of java in indonesia .
4	greenfoot is an interactive java development environment designed primarily for educational purposes at the high school and undergraduate level .
2	he reached java in 1827 , but in 1829 he left the service , and gave himself largely to preaching , writing and distributing christian books , visiting the ships in the seaports of siam , singapore , macau , and other places .
11	c# : most widely used cli language , bearing similarities to java , object pascal ( delphi ) and c++ .
16	borneo was strategically important to japan as it is located on the main sea routes between java , sumatra , malaya and celebes .
16	it is also recorded as a non-native on the azores , and on the island of java in indonesia .
13	the earliest were the malayan bangsawan troupes , who traveled to sumatra and java beginning in the 1880s .
8	e # combines message - based computation with java - like syntax .
24	a central web site initiates the timing using network time protocol to keep the local computers synchronized , and each location has a small java program that controls a device which interfaces with the usb port to which one 's holiday lights are connected .
16	origin the origin of the dish can be traced to the javanese people 's tradition of java .
18	this misconception has led to claims that comment-extraction tools , such as the perl plain old documentation or java javadoc systems , are '' literate programming tools '' .
9	overview tangerang is an industrial and manufacturing hub on java and is home to over 1,000 factories .
12	at the end of the war , only 52,000 were repatriated to java .
25	sundacarpus is also found on the indonesian islands of buru , halmahera , morotai , sulawesi , lombok , flores , timor , sumbawa , java , sumatra , and sabah province on the island of borneo ; also mindanao and luzon in the philippines .
21	mangkunegara iv ( 1809 -- 1881 ) was the fourth ruler of mangkunegaran , a small principality based in surakarta , java , ruling from 1853-1881 .
20	aksara kawi ( from sanskrit kavi '' poet '' ) is the name given to the writing system originating in java and used across much of maritime southeast asia from the 8th century to around 1500 ad .
4	the formengine is a java framework for dynamic form creation and complex form processing for web applications .
43	use in computer systems in computers , some examples of usually case-sensitive data are : username password filename tags commands variable names searching for a text string within electronic text some computer languages are case-sensitive for their identifiers ( c , c++ , java , c# , verilog , ruby and xml ) .
19	the first connection to australia was an undersea telegraph cable that was completed on 18 november 1871 , connecting java to darwin , and eventually to the australian overland telegraph line across australia .
12	by 2010 , he was spending weekends in belitung and weekdays in java .
8	cisadane river 138 km long river in northern java , indonesia .
17	it contains only one species , peribona venosa , which is found in the himalaya and on java .
6	javabeans are reusable software components for java .
5	this supported application deployment for java , ruby on rails , sinatra , node.js , and scala , as well as database support for mysql , mongodb , redis , postgres , rabbitmq .
18	this involved assembling a naval and transport fleet in ambon bay , where ships started to arrive from java on may 16 .
16	gregor kiczales : his best known work is on aspect-oriented programming and the aspectj extension for java at xerox parc .
41	distribution castanopsis acuminatissima ranges from southwestern china ( guizhou and yunnan provinces ) through indochina ( laos , myanmar , thailand , vietnam , and the chittagong hills of bangladesh ) and malesia ( malaysia ; the islands of sulawesi , java , kalimantan , and sumatra , in indonesia ; the islands of new guinea ( west papua in indonesia and papua new guinea ) and new britain ( papua new guinea ) ) .
12	acrocercops glutella is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from java , indonesia .
9	gamelan siteran is a casual style of gamelan in java , indonesia , featuring portable , inexpensive instruments instead of the heavy bronze metallophone of a typical gamelan .
8	encog is a machine learning framework available for java , .net , and c++ .
14	they can usually support intensive cropping , with areas used for wet rice in java supporting some of the densest populations in the world .
11	fitnesse as a software tool fitnesse is a tool developed in java and shipped as a single , executable jar file .
35	two species in contrast have tiny distributions , the burmese bushtit , which is entirely restricted to two mountains in burma , and the pygmy bushtit , which is restricted to the mountains of western java .
35	( his exalted majesty sultan hamengkubuwono the ninth , commander-in-chief in war , servant of the most gracious , cleric and caliph that safeguards the religion ) during his coronation speech , hamengkubuwono recognized his java origins and said '' even though i have tasted western education , i am still and will always be a javanese .
8	thumbee is a target for languages such as java , c# , perl , and python , and allows jit compiler to output smaller compiled code without impacting performance .
12	ruby 's standard library includes a bigdecimal class in the module bigdecimal java 's standard library includes a class in objective-c , the cocoa and gnustep apis provide an class and an c datatype for representing decimals whose mantissa is up to 38 digits long , and exponent is from -128 to 127 .
1	on java , there are several dishes made from dog meat , such as sengsu ( tongseng asu ) , sate jamu , and kambing balap .
4	it is written in java and has a standard widget toolkit based graphical user interface .
27	he took a boat trip from brisbane to hong kong via thursday island and manilla down along the south china sea to singapore , and back via java and celebes .
13	background in late february 1942 , japanese amphibious forces were preparing to invade java , in the dutch east indies .
22	this could be written words , iconic symbology ( e.g. , graffiti ) , computer programming language ( c / c++ , java , perl , etc. ) , meta-level mark-up ( html , xml , svg , postscript ) , and their derivative works .
10	as his parents permitted him to finish his studies in java , amir moved to the colonial capital at batavia ( now jakarta ) to complete his studies .
4	for instance , the java and lisp language apis include the interface named serializable , which is a marker interface that requires each class implementing it to behave in a serialized fashion .
30	he traveled to the dutch east indies as head surveyor , and worked in that capacity for 18 years , publishing his works on the triangulation of the island of java in six books .
6	the rich sangiran formation in central java ( indonesia ) has yielded the earliest evidence of hominin presence in southeast asia .
9	syntactically and semantically xtend has its roots in the java programming language but focuses on a more concise syntax and some additional functionality such as type inference , extension method , and operator overloading .
27	fall of 2006 saw the release of version 4 of the database , now stored in postgresql , and the supporting software , now written entirely in java .
8	r. t. russa ( javan rusa deer ) java .
24	escape sequences are used in the programming languages c and c++ , and also in many more languages ( with some variations ) like java and c# .
30	malik has created a computer science line of textbooks that includes extensive and complete programming examples , exercises , and case studies throughout using programming languages such as c++ and java .
3	it implements a java technology version of the secure sockets layer ( ssl ) and transport layer security ( tls ) protocol .
16	august spennemann ( c. 1878 -- 1945 ) was a german amateur ornithologist who lived in java for 25 years ( 1915 -- 1940 ) .
16	aircraft from the british aircraft carrier and u.s. carrier strike the oil refinery at surabaya , java .
16	the boundary between the western and central time zones established is a line running north between java and bali through the center of kalimantan .
10	plot dr. anton drager ( rock hudson ) travels to java to study the effects of leprosy under an expert on the subject , dr. brits jansen ( burl ives ) .
33	from the various sanskrit terms and titles seen in the document , the culture and society of manila bay was that of a hindu old malay amalgamation , similar to the cultures of java , peninsular malaysia and sumatra at the time .
4	the bosscha observatory on java has been named after his son karel albert rudolf bosscha ( 1865 -- 1928 ) , who contributed much to the technical development of indonesia .
2	inhabitants of java , who are hard-headed and obstinate .
15	there is no particular connection between these cats and the indonesian islands of bali and java , from which they derive their names .
9	the remaining 10 % are immigrants , mainly from java , sulawesi and other parts of north maluku , especially makian island .
9	on 17 may this powerful force hit soerabaja , java , where harbor facilities and refineries presented the chief targets .
20	step 2 - asm transformation automatically rewrites the legacy application code into object-oriented ( oo ) code ( c++ , java , c# , etc. ) and couples it to relational or object-oriented database .
1	in java and other languages , a developer can use reflection to access private fields and methods .
16	many apl advocates and practitioners view programming in standard programming languages , such as cobol and java , as comparatively tedious .
10	it is located on one of the major highways across java , and has a harbor that is heavily used by fishing vessels .
25	the film illustrates how far surfing had spread , with footage of surf sessions in france , south africa , costa rica , bali , java , and even alaska .
13	tom is a language extension which adds new matching primitives to c and java as well as support for rewrite rules systems .
6	it is found in sumatra , java and borneo .
34	it retells the tortuous trip from europe to the east indies , and a detailed account of the events which transpired on the islands after the captain and some of the crew left for java in an open boat , before they returned several months later .
4	tradition and culture in java , nasi bogana is often used in special occasions such as weddings , anniversaries , but is most commonly found in family gatherings and social gatherings ( arisan ) .
9	assembly - intel x86 ansi c c# d delphi java pascal python visual basic visual basic .net visual c++ grammars gold grammars are based directly on backus-naur form , regular expression , and set notation .
38	assignments : no measurement/calculations : yes ( calculator is bit strange ) platform : unix/linux , windows , mac os ( anything which supports qt ) proofs : no extra : editable non-euclid non-euclid is a very basic java - igs used only for hyperbolic geometry in the poincaré disk and the upper half-plane models .
11	it has been grown in peninsular malaysia , western and eastern java ( indonesia ) , northern borneo ( indonesia ) , northern sulawesi ( indonesia ) and the philippines ( luzon ) .
4	in conventional languages like java , classes and similar constructs are defined within a single file , or at least a '' master file '' .
24	harrison is particularly noted for incorporating elements of the music of non-western cultures into his work , with a number of pieces written for java style gamelan instruments , including ensembles constructed and tuned by harrison and his partner william colvig .
11	prisoners lining up for food in the prison of malang , java , some time between 1921 and 1932 prison food refers to the meals served to prisoners while incarcerate in correctional institutions .
9	singapore after departing fremantle , the convoy steamed towards java and reached ratai bay early on 20 january .
9	bonita bpm engine : the bpm engine is a java api that allows you to interact programmatically with your processes .
23	the native types are : integer ( 32-bit signed ) real ( 32-bit floating point numbers , similar to the float type in java ) string ( limit is 1023 signs , actually to provide save/load compatibility it 's required to use only 1013 signs ) boolean code all other types are considered non-native .
22	since being divorced was a status frowned upon in edwardian england , knocker invented the myth that her husband had died in java , leaving her a widow .
18	hsqldb ( h yper sql d ata b ase ) is a relational database management system written in java .
8	computer science ii introduces students to programming in java .
6	it is used to compile sun java , openoffice.org , libreoffice , and even web server software like lighttpd and hiawatha .
20	extensible servers pages ( xsp ) is an xml - based language , which offers the possibility of dynamically arranged java code into xml documents .
6	it is known from sumatra and java .
4	it is found on java and the philippines .
7	the company has developed technologies for moving java , node.js , ruby ( programming language ) , python ( programming language ) and php - based applications onto the cloud .
19	it can generate html documents from a variety of programming language , including c , c++ , c# , java , idl , php , and visual basic .
20	for those who might be leaning towards a career in bioinformatics and who want to learn only one language , java has the widest general programming support , very good support in the bio domain with biojava , and is now the de facto language of business ( the new cobol , for better or worse ) .
9	dr poorwo soedarmo ( 1904 in malang , east java , indonesia -- 13 march 2003 ) was a nutritionist .
10	in september 1605 , he left for bantam in west java -- which the voc had established as its first permanent trading in 1603 -- so that the duyfken could be fitted out and supplied for its voyage .
4	it is found on java , borneo , peninsular malaysia and sumatra .
14	the programs can be written in a number of different programming languages , including java , c / c++ , and python .
8	' s.e. asia 1945-6 -- for operations in java , sumatra and french indochina .
2	written in java , freeplane is supported on windows , mac os x and linux , and is licensed under the gnu gpl version '' 2 or later '' .
9	xep is a commercial xsl-fo layout engine written in java mainly used to convert xml to pdf .
12	acrocercops dinosticha is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from java , indonesia .
28	service after burma after service in burma the division was the first unit to be landed in singapore as part of operation tiderace and was later sent to java as part of the allied occupation of the dutch east indies .
26	- china , taiwan , bangladesh , india , bhutan , pakistan , sri lanka , cambodia , laos , burma , thailand , vietnam , java , malaysia catunaregam stenocarpa bridson - mozambique catunaregam swynnertonii ( s.moore ) bridson - mozambique , zimbabwe catunaregam taylorii ( s.moore ) bridson - d.r.congo , tanzania , malawi , zambia , zimbabwe , swaziland , transvaal catunaregam tomentosa ( blume ex dc. ) tirveng .
1	the java antiaris toxicaria flowers in june .
27	it goes by the name '' melati putih '' and is the most important flower in wedding ceremonies for ethnic indonesia , especially in the island of java .
13	landings on timor were scheduled for 20 february , and an invasion of java was planned to take place shortly afterwards .
40	geographic range d. russelii is found in india , pakistan , sri lanka , bangladesh , nepal , myanmar , thailand , cambodia , china ( guangxi , guangdong ) , taiwan and indonesia ( endeh , flores , east java , komodo , lomblen islands ) .
15	it originated in today 's indonesia , and is especially popular on the island of java , where it is a staple source of protein .
12	he arrived in canton , china in 1830 , later evangelizing in java , malacca , siam , and singapore .
12	languages that directly support unit testing include : abap c# d go java obix python ruby rust scala objective-c visual basic .net see also acceptance testing characterization test component-based usability testing design predicates design by contract extreme programming integration testing list of unit testing frameworks unit testing frameworks for ruby regression testing software archaeology software testing test case test-driven development xunit a family of unit testing frameworks .
17	it soon became apparent that the situation was hopeless and any troops committed to the defense of java would be lost .
25	as in sumatra , there was a general feeling that the central government was inefficient , development was stagnating and money was being plugged into java .
12	it was described by meyrick in 1933 , and is known from java , indonesia , india and the northern territory in australia .
6	the word ciblon derives from a java type of water-play , where people smack the water with different hand shapes to give different sounds and complex rhythms .
11	it is endemic to indonesia where it occurs on sumatra and java , where its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forest .
3	mountains of western java .
11	from 1910 to 1912 he traveled through siberia , japan , java , india , the caucausus , and southern russia .
47	implementations in addition to c , gnu gettext has the following implementations : c++ , c# for asp.net mvc framework , objective-c , pascal / object pascal , sh script , bash script , python , gnu clisp , emacs lisp , librep , gnu smalltalk , java , gnu awk , haskell , wxwidgets ( through the wxlocale class ) , ycp ( the yast2 language ) , tcl , perl , php , pike , ruby , r , glade 3 , lua , javascript , and vala .
25	foreign relations in the course of time , abhayagiri had developed into a well‑organized religious and educational institution having well established relations with china , java , and kashmir .
56	universal monarch jayavarman ii is widely regarded as the king that set the foundation of the angkor period in cambodian history , beginning with the grandiose consecration ritual conducted by jayavarman ii ( reign 790-850 ) in 802 on sacred mount mahendraparvata , now known as phnom kulen , to celebrate the independence of kambuja from java dominion .
10	simkin is a scripting language that can be embedded in java or c++ applications .
11	oracle application development framework ( oracle adf ) aids in producing java - oriented systems .
17	in the same year jpmorgan chase partnered with red hat to create apache qpid , initially in java and soon after c++ .
9	the kingdom of janggala is one of the two java kingdoms that was formed when airlangga abdicated his throne in favor of his two sons in 1045 .
4	scec-vdo is an open-source java based earthquake visualization software package .
14	johan baptist spanoghe ( 1798 , madras -- 22 april 1838 , pekalongan , java ) was a dutch botanical collector of belgian parentage .
17	the ten countries or trading ports are china , korea , siam , malacca , palembang , java , sumatra , pattani , and sunda kelapa ( jakarta ) .
21	many ap courses were offered , in subjects such as english literature , american history , american government , chemistry , java programming , psychology , and studio art .
14	bangka belitung is geologically stable and near the country 's greatest electricity-consuming regions : java and sumatra .
15	are available as binaries under a research-use only license by urbana-champaign for c and for java .
27	however , playfair 's successor hymn ( a backronym for '' h ear y our m usic a n ywhere '' ) has become jhymn , a java variant of the program , and iopener , a windows variant .
33	her first name between 1921 and 1929 was zaandijk , and she served as a merchant ship in the dutch company solleveld van der meer & t.h. van hattum , transporting goods to java and sumatra .
26	both species are distributed throughout tropical and subtropical asia , including southeast china , india , burma , laos , vietnam , malaysia , indonesia ( java and borneo ) , and the philippines ( palawan ) .
16	more recently the parallel constructs of parasail have been adapted for other syntaxes , to produce java - like , python - like , and ada - like parallel languages , dubbed , respectively , javallel , parython , and sparkel ( named after the spark subset of ada on which it is based ) .
15	the war ended in 1890 , after dutch scouts -- representing the colonial government on java -- reached bone .
10	it is endemic to indonesia , where it ranges from java east to alor and north to the selayar islands .
21	the material from the impact stretches across the ocean to include the islands of the philippines , indonesia , malaysia and java and reaches far out into the indian ocean and south to the western side of australia .
6	located on the northwest coast of java , jakarta is the country 's economic , cultural and political center , and with a population of 9,761,407 as of december 2012 , it is the most populous city in indonesia and in southeast asia .
33	roxen was often ahead of its time , featuring a web-based graphical user interface ( gui ) administration interface , loadable modules that could be written in several languages including pike and later java , dynamic content generation with a comprehensive caching system , replication systems for multi-headed servers , and an embedded sql server for data-heavy server operations ( as well as broad support for other databases ) .
73	writeline ( sender + '' was changed '' ) ; -rcb- -rcb- class test -lcb- static void main ( ) -lcb- model m = new model ( ) ; new view1 ( m ) ; new view2 ( m ) ; m. change ( ) ; -rcb- -rcb- event handler in computer programming , an event handler is a callback subroutine that handles inputs received in a program ( called a listener in java and javascript ) .
18	z. d. horsfieldi ( horsfield 's thrush ) is resident in indonesia on the islands of sumatra , java , bali , lombok and sumbawa .
8	in october , the squadron was sent to java in response to the indonesian war of independence , flying tactical reconnaissance duties and covering allied road convoys , while striking against nationalist held airfields and ammunition dumps .
29	in february , she patrolled the flores sea from north of timor to lombok strait in the sunda islands , then put into tjilatjap on the south coast of java on 13 february .
31	after pad + + , bederson developed jazz , then piccolo , and now piccolo2d at the university of maryland , college park , which is still actively being developed in java and c# .
12	it is available for amigaos , dos , linux , gp2x , java , os x , wii , morphos , riscos , dreamcast , unix and windows .
12	distribution this species of cobra is native to the indonesian islands of java and the lesser sunda islands of bali , lombok , sumbawa , komodo , flores , lomblen , and alor .
15	vtk consists of a c++ class library and several interpreted interface layers including tcl/tk , java , and python .
2	a new java based map editor provides better map editing facilities .
12	popular syntax sources include pascal , basic , c , c++ , java , lisp , and algol .
14	history the original author is luca garulli that started in 2010 by rewriting in java the fast persistent layer of orient odbms database , written in c + + .
15	however , unlike the traditional anthropomorphic form of garuda as featured in ancient temples in java , the bali garuda , or the national emblem of thailand , the design of indonesia 's garuda pancasila is rendered in modern naturalist style .
11	this is as opposed to traditional reflection , for example in java , where one introspects an object using methods from the object itself ( e.g. getclass ( ) ) .
8	jdownloader is a download manager , written in java , which allows the automatic downloading of files and split files from one-click hosting sites such as rapidshare .
17	tropical low a tropical low developed in the perth aor on 2 december near the coast of java .
8	x , which runs over https and requires java adaptive security device manager ( asdm ) for pix os version 7 and greater , which can run locally on a client or in reduced-functionality mode over https .
28	biography youth couperus was a son of petrus theodorus couperus ( 1787 -- 1823 ) , a landdrost ( yeoman ) at the preanger lands and landowner at java , and catharina rica cranssen ( 1795 -- 1845 ) .
19	in southeast asia it occurs throughout most of indochina ( including peninsular malaysia ) , sumatra , borneo , java , palawan , and on smaller nearby islands .
3	javanese traditionally in java , indonesia , the term keling is linked with the ancient 6th century kalingga kingdom , which ultimately derived from indian kalinga kingdom .
14	humboldt died while preparing his greatest work , on the ancient kawi language of java , but its introduction was published in 1836 as the heterogeneity of language and its influence on the intellectual development of mankind .
40	zabag ( chinese : sanfotsi ; hindu : suvarnadvipa , javaka ; arabic : zabaj ) is thought to have been an ancient kingdom located south of china somewhere in southeast asia , between chenla ( now cambodia ) and java .
13	groovy was motivated by the desire to bring the python design philosophy to java .
22	the silk road extending from southern europe through arabia , somalia , egypt , persia , pakistan , india , bangladesh , java , and vietnam until it reaches china .
12	mobile ( j2me ) in december 2010 , ea mobile released a java - based port of the game for mobile phones .
48	background following their retreat to the western side of the indian ocean in 1942 , british naval forces did not return to the south west pacific theatre until 17 may 1944 , when an anglo-american carrier task force implemented operation transom , a joint raid on surabaya , java .
8	a complete re-implemenation was done , again using java but this time eclipse - based .
4	colebrooke next served in java , and was wounded in the operations against the dutch in that island in 1811 ; here he remained under the british occupation , and was deputy quartermaster-general in 1813 , being promoted major on 1 june 1813 .
22	the smith project was initiated by youngculture ag based on a need to migrate a large coldfusion based web application to a java - based engine .
53	subspecies there are recognized two subspecies : filopaludina javanica javanica ( von dem busch , 1844 ) filopaludina javanica continentalis or idiopoma javanica continentalis brandt , 1974 distribution map of filopaludina javanica distribution this species is found in thailand , cambodia , vietnam , laos , peninsular malaysia and indonesia ( sumatra and java ) .
8	it is known from nias , sumatra , java , borneo and the philippines .
7	the rest of population are immigrants from java and nearby maluku islands .
16	waarp is a project that provides among other an open source massive file transfer monitor in java , also known as managed file transfer .
11	the operation began as the dutch attacked major indonesian centers in java and sumatra .
5	its code is entirely in java using the swing graphical user interface library .
19	sate kelinci rabbit meat satay , this variant of satay is made from rabbit meat , a delicacy from java .
5	this includes the rest of java island , madura , bali , as well as dharmasraya , pagaruyung , lampung and palembang in sumatra .
38	official language bindings c : 2.1 .net : 2.1 external language bindings python : 2.0 d : 1.6 ( derelict 2 ) and 2.0 ( derelict 3 ) ruby : rc-2 .0 ocaml : 1.6 and rc-2 .0 java : 2.1 rust : 2.1 hello world the program below provides a short overview of the sfml .
25	h. ergaster and h. erectus the first fossils of homo erectus were discovered by dutch physician eugene dubois in 1891 on the indonesia island of java .
4	j/xfs is written in java with the objective to provide a platform agnostic client-server architecture for financial applications , especially peripheral device used in the financial industry such as eftpos terminals and atm .
10	then in december 1945 , the brigade was sent to java , to help restore law and order until a dutch force could arrive from europe .
15	he was renowned for the uncanny speed of his trips from the dutch republic to java .
20	they are found in asia and are among the few asian corydalines that are found on islands including borneo , java and sumatra .
27	distribution dorsal scales of lycodon jara showing the yellow '' twin spots '' to which the common name refers it is found in india , nepal , java and bangladesh .
14	the kingdom of blambangan was located at the eastern tip of the island of java .
13	the software is implemented in c++ and it is wrapped for python and java .
3	language features tight java integration : clojure applications can be easily packaged and deployed to jvms and application servers .
32	it consists of three parts : the prélude was dedicated to debussy 's student mlle worms de romilly , who notes that the movement '' tellingly evokes the gongs and music of java '' .
40	early in 1944 , her aircraft provided air support in the gilbert and marshall islands campaign before she was transferred to the indian ocean for several months to support the royal navy 's eastern fleet as it attacked targets in java and sumatra .
12	he was posted to the new ship batavia , which sailed for java , in the east indies , in october 1628 .
3	along sumatra , java , borneo and the philippines subspecies hypoleucus ( sometimes considered a full species ) is found while wahgiensis is restricted to new guinea .
53	however , in the dutch east indies campaign , the 17th pursuit squadron ( provisional ) , formed from usaaf pilots evacuated from the philippines , claimed 49 japanese aircraft destroyed , for the loss of 17 p-40s the seaplane tender langley was sunk by japanese planes while delivering p-40s to tjilatjap , java .
9	this involved moving people permanently from the island of java , but also to a lesser extent from bali and madura , to less densely populated areas including papua , kalimantan , sumatra , and sulawesi .
27	the program is based upon a selection of four eyewitness accounts of the 1883 eruption of krakatoa , an active stratovolcano between the islands of sumatra and java , present day indonesia .
13	it contains only one species , asphadastis cryphomycha , which is found on java .
3	a set of java programs use the lexicon to work through the variations in biomedical texts by relating words by their parts of speech , which can be helpful in web searches or searches through an electronic medical record .
8	for example , the designers of ada and java were so worried about this type of mistake , they restricted control expressions to those that evaluate strictly to the boolean data type .
6	it is found on sulawesi and java and in sri lanka .
14	in late 1759 , the dutch sent seven large ships and 1400 men from java to bengal under the pretext of reinforcing their bengal settlement of chinsura even though britain and holland were not officially at war .
9	his primary task was to rid the island of java of the british army , which he promptly achieved .
6	it has been entirely developed in java and as such works on any platform .
17	it is found from sri lanka and india to taiwan and japan , burma , borneo , java , luzon and sulawesi .
16	in computing , oracle application development framework , usually called oracle adf , provides a commercial java framework for building enterprise application .
20	distribution and habitat strombosia ceylanica grows naturally in india's kerala state , sri lanka , peninsular malaysia , sumatra , java and borneo .
14	etymology the area was named after radin mas ayu , a princess of the java royal court .
61	the author undertook a comparative survey of ancient near east cultures , in which he detected evidence from iconography and literature which seemed to point to the continued survival , into early historical times , of hominid ape-men similar to the dwarfish neanderthal men known from fossil remains in europe , or the pithecanthropus ( now called homo erectus ) from java .
74	features some of rtext 's features include : syntax highlighting for over 20 languages regular expression search and replace find in files and replace in files supports all character encodings supported by the jvm configurable document interface ( tabbed , mdi or list view ) editor supports multiple fonts simultaneously bracket matching current line highlighting customizable interface ( icons , look and feel , color scheme , etc. ) compatibility rtext is written in java and runs on linux , mac os x , os/2 , unix , openvms , and windows .
26	classification according to adelaar ( 2005 ) , the composition of the family is as follows : malayo-sumbawan sundanese ( 1 or 2 languages of western java ; incl .
12	some such as c++ use 8 bits like c. others such as java use 16 bits for char , in order to represent utf-16 values .
44	) in addition to the taxonomic information contained in opencyc , researchcyc includes significantly more semantic knowledge ( i.e. , additional facts ) about the concepts in its knowledge base , and includes a large lexicon , english parsing and generation tools , and java based interfaces for knowledge editing and querying .
23	towards the end of 1945 , with the dutch government preparing to retake indonesia , jusuf and his fellow kris members sailed for java to join in the fighting .
3	described originally from java .
18	they occur in africa , including madagascar ; south east asia ; and have also been found on java , suggesting they are probably found in much of malesia .
7	it is found in indonesia ( western java ) .
31	the undisputed crown jewel of their discovery was a long , peeling , and dangerous left-hand pointbreak located in the indonesian natural reserve of plengkung , on the southeastern tip of java .
29	rajendra chola 's navies went even further , occupying coasts from burma ( now myanmar ) to vietnam , the andaman and nicobar islands , lakshadweep , sumatra , java , malaya in south east asia and pegu islands .
11	emma emma is an open source toolkit for measuring and reporting java code coverage .
19	description the group includes four birds , which can be divided into three main groups : the species from java and bali has a yellow eyebrow , underparts that are densely barred in yellowish and blackish-blue and a narrow blue band on the upper chest ; irena and ripleyi from the thai-malay peninsula and sumatra have a more orange eyebrow , a blue belly and a chest that is barred orange and dark bluish ( more orange towards the sides , blue towards the center ) ; and schwaneri from borneo has a blue mid-belly and yellow flanks and chest densely barred with blackish .
4	jmonkeyengine is written in java and uses lwjgl as its default renderer ( another renderer based on jogl is available ) .
8	unlike most other jvms it is written in java , a style of implementation termed meta-circular .
25	upon finishing his studies in bukittinggi , nyak arif went to the leadership school for native indonesians ( ) in banten on the island of java .
30	about half of the island 's population is composed of indigenous ambelau people who speak ambelau language ; the other half are mostly immigrants from the nearby maluku islands and java .
2	corba ( java library for corba ) org .
13	the first commercially released version of morfik also supported an implementation of the java language syntax called morfikj .
59	today the most widespread are cipher notations ( '' not angka '' in the broadest sense ) in which the pitches are represented with some subset of the numbers 1 to 7 , with 1 corresponding to either highest note of a particular octave , as in sundanese gamelan , or lowest , as in the kepatihan notation of java gamelan .
15	it was described by walker in 1863 , and is known from indonesia ( including java and sulawesi ) , india , sri lanka and the philippines .
11	it is designed to measure internet connection speed without flash or java , which are currently used by most other speed test websites .
13	there are external projects to add support for many other languages , including java , javascript ( pl/v8 ) , r .
45	over the following several postwar years , willison attended the staff college , camberley ( where he was judged to be one of the most outstanding students ) , served as brigade major with 1 indian infantry brigade as part of the reoccupation force in java , served as a staff officer at hq malaya command , posted to the war office in london and took command of 16 field company , royal engineers , stationed in egypt .
12	it is commonly caught by inshore demersal gillnet fisheries , especially off java for fish meal and its fins .
21	the definition gradually expanded to encompass other modes of code injection , including persistent and non-javascript vectors ( including activex , java , vbscript , flash , or even html scripts ) , causing some confusion to newcomers to the field of information security .
57	var x : integer ; procedure inc ; begin x : = x +1 ; end ; x : = 0 ; inc ; this in the single pass compiler when x is referenced , the semantic analysis and code generation can be done since the compiler already knows from the declaration of x : languages like java require a multi-pass compiler since the definition of x would not be required to come before the use .
4	he fled paris for java in june 1883 , fearing prosecution for embezzlement .
10	the mhp enables the reception and execution of interactive , java - based applications on a tv-set .
10	for operations against the japanese in malaya , sumatra and java from 8 december 1941 to 12 march 1942 .
14	heavy volcanic ash falls were observed as far away as borneo , sulawesi , java , and maluku islands .
10	on the southeast the narrow sunda strait separates sumatra from java .
17	x ; the dot replaces the arrow in a nod to the many other languages ( e.g. java , python , etc. ) that have coalesced around dot as the syntax for method invocation .
12	currently selenium-webdriver is fully implemented and supported in python , ruby , java , and c# .
6	and there is an independent full java implementation , rrd4j .
11	it is found on borneo , peninsular malaysia , sumatra and java .
14	owing to the high indonesian mountains on the south coast of the island of java , an altitude of at least was required to cross the coast safely .
5	born in surakarta in central java , wibowo was 24 years old at the time of his event in beijing .
1	across java ( except in bantam ) , a political vacuum emerged on the political left .
7	cultivation salak agroforest , bogor , west java young fruit the salak tree has been cultivated throughout indonesia , and there are at least 30 cultivars , most of which have an astringent taste and are sweet .
20	jrman renderer is an open source version of the reyes rendering algorithm used by pixar's photorealistic renderman , implemented in java by gerardo horvilleur , sasha dobrovolsky , jorge vargas , kathy collins , elmer garduno and alessandro falappa .
33	its influence lives on in various other systems however ; the corba type any is distinctly recognisable in napier88 's type any ; microsoft 's clr uses a similar polymorphic architecture , and java 's parametric types solve some of the same problems of uninstantiated types escaping from their static scope .
13	sepatan timur is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
45	upoc was founded in 1999 and has developed mobile community solutions for carriers , consumers , media companies and marketers to communicate via sms ( text messaging ) , wap ( wireless internet ) , voice , mms ( multimedia messaging ) , brew , java , and other technologies .
9	the most active volcanoes are kelut and merapi on java island which have been responsible for thousands of deaths in the region .
18	de indische courant was the name of a number of dutch language newspaper published on the island of java in the dutch east indies ( modern-day indonesia ) .
11	it is designed to generate a user interface automatically from base java or groovy classes and includes object-relational mapping features .
9	sumatra mount kerinci , indonesia mount singgalang , indonesia java semeru , indonesia mount sumbing , indonesia lesser sunda islands mount rinjani , indonesia tatamailau , east timor borneo mount kinabalu , malaysia sulawesi maluku islands gamalama , indonesia papua puncak jaya ( carstensz pyramid ) , indonesia see also : for a complete list of ultras located on the island of new guinea , see list of ultras of oceania .
20	this idea was used in later compilers , such as p-code for some pascal compilers and the jvm code for java compilers .
5	autopsy 3.0 is written in java using the netbeans platform .
5	in 1842 he moved to java , working in a botanical garden , and on small government-financed scientific expeditions .
7	legiun mangkunegaran was an army corps in java , indonesia .
6	platforms : coldfusion - haxe - java - , , , , , , , , .net - , ( lgpl ) , ( ms-pl ) , ( development stopped ) php - amfphp , , , , , python - , , , perl - , , curl - ruby - , , erlang - actionscript - ( in-built ) , javascript - lua - abap - delphi - ios - powershell - frameworks : ruby on rails - zend framework - osgi framework - django - cakephp - grails ( framework ) - trac - .
5	its range has extended from java to iceland .
20	in december , the brigade was part of operation pounce , a mission to disarm the remaining japanese forces in java until they could be relieved by dutch forces in april 1946 .
15	south west pacific with the entry of japan into the war , fairley flew to java in january 1942 .
4	apache isis is a java framework for developing domain-driven and restful applications using the naked objects pattern .
4	on the island of java , many javanese indonesians bathe in holy springs to prepare for fasting , a ritual known as padusa .
9	the forms of ganesha found in hindu art of java , bali , and borneo show specific regional influences .
17	it was derived from the malay '' orang belanda '' , used to denote the dutch in java and elsewhere in the east indies .
3	at trinil , java , blackened bone and charcoal deposits have been found among h. erectus fossils , dated from 500,000 to 830,000 bp indicating use of fire .
20	krakatoa , or krakatau ( ) , is a volcanic island situated in the sunda strait between the islands of java and sumatra in indonesia .
28	bounded quantification has traditionally been studied in the functional setting of : , but is available in modern object-oriented language supporting parametric polymorphism ( generics ) such as java , c# and scala .
6	idynomics has been implemented in the java programming language , with matlab and r scripts provided to analyze results .
11	houtman 's expedition then sailed east along the north coast of java , losing twelve crew to a javanese attack at sidayu and killing a local ruler in madura .
25	dr. stella kramrisch says : '' the art of bihar and bengal exercised a lasting influence on that of nepal , burma , ceylon and java .
17	implementation the compiler panc serves as the defacto reference implementation of the language and is implemented in java , at present it is not possible to execute the compiler with openjdk .
0	java does not have uninitialized variables .
8	c99 , c++ , c# , php , java , and javascript also have comments that begin with / / ( two slashes ) and span a single line .
5	timor was incorporated into ancient java , chinese and indian trading networks of the 14th century as an exporter of aromatic sandalwood , slave , honey and wax , and was settled by both the dutch , based in kupang , and the portuguese in the mid-17th century .
22	the development was stopped in 1999 when one of its principals , michael kölling , began applying the ide design to the java programming language , resulting in bluej .
30	its design philosophy emphasizes code readability , and its syntax allows programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of code than would be possible in languages such as c++ or java .
13	rakai pikatan was a king of the sanjaya dynasty medang kingdom in central java who built the prambanan temple , dedicated to shiva , which was completed in 856 ad .
10	it is located in the archaeological museum at prambanan , java , indonesia , and probably dates from the 9th century a.d. agastya was one of the divinities worshipped at candi siva , the main temple at prambanan .
12	juzu web is an open source web application framework , written in java , which follows the model–view–controller ( mvc ) architectural pattern .
22	lepus3 is an object-oriented visual design description language and a formal specification language that is suitable primarily for modelling large object-oriented ( java , c++ , c# ) programs and design patterns .
23	sources of foreign cultural influence through the centuries , cham culture and society were influenced by forces emanating from cambodia , china , java and india amongst others .
19	beanywhere is compatible with android , os x and microsoft windows and it can also be used through a java - based web console .
16	wesley international school is a private , christian , international school located in malang , eastern java , indonesia .
1	under java or c++ the visibility of an object is defined in the code itself , meaning that to support a similar change the programmer would be forced to re-write the definitions completely , and could not have two versions at the same time .
4	for example , in java , the hash code is a 32-bit integer .
6	the first well-known one was the java programming language .
4	mango is written in java , and distributed freely in precompiled versions for linux , mac os and microsoft windows .
35	after nine months and the loss of 1,600 dutch lives , the dutch surrendered on 1 february 1662 , when it became clear that no reinforcements were forthcoming from batavia ( present day jakarta , java , indonesia ) and when the defenders ran short of fresh water .
13	comprehensive asm specifications of programming languages ( including prolog , c , and java ) and design language ( uml and sdl ) have been developed .
17	language and application providers language providers supported by dtrace include assembly language , c , c++ , java , erlang , javascript , perl , php , python , ruby , shell script , and tcl .
22	distribution and habitat this species can be found in south eastern asia ( mainly in thailand , peninsular malaya , singapore , java , sumatra , borneo , bali and philippines .
13	after a chapter describing the kingdom of champa there follows a chapter describing java ( which he did not visit himself ) .
13	bindings tango supports bindings to the following languages : c , c++ , java , python , matlab , labview , igor pro licencing tango is distributed under 2 licenses .
19	the indonesian mountain weasel ( mustela lutreolina ) is a species of weasel that lives on the islands of java and sumatra in indonesia at elevations over 1,000 metres ( 3,280 ft ) .
2	jmol requires java installation and operates on a wide variety of platforms .
15	however , more and more applications that were written in so called modern languages like java are becoming legacy .
8	102 ) is a papilionid butterfly jound in java , north borneo and peninsular malaysia .
14	the jal tarang developed on the pattern of gongs of gamelan orchestras played in java , bali , and burma ( now myanmar ) .
5	sahi open-source is written in java and javascript and hosted on sourceforge since october 2005 .
5	in 1923 he came to java , living first in yogyakarta and then in ubud , bali starting in 1927 .
12	plot set in the late 15th century sultanate of malacca and the java kingdom of majapahit , against a backdrop of war and mysticism , the film is about the forbidden romance that blossomed between gusti putri , a javanese hindu princess , and hang tuah , the famed malay muslim warrior from melaka .
8	it is known from thailand , sumatra , java and borneo .
14	projections , the performance visualization and analysis tool , was redesigned and rewritten using java by michael denardo .
5	for immigrants and travelers from java , the city is the entry point to sumatra , especially before the construction of the major harbor at bakauheni , just south of bandar lampung .
11	only one species is known , silvorchis colorata , endemic to java .
15	in 1942 , yasuoka agreed to accept the post of military-governor of surabaya in japanese-occupied java , netherlands east indies .
14	world tour with tagore suniti kumar accompanied rabindranath tagore to malaya , sumatra , java , and bali , where he delivered lectures on indian art and culture .
100	operators ; royal australian air force 69 aircraft , 22 db-7b a28-1 to a28-22 , 9 a-20c a28-23 to a28-31 , 9 a-20a a28-32 to a28-40 and 29 a-20g a28-50 to a28-78 ( a28-41 to a28-49 not used ) no . 22 squadron raaf ; brazilian air force 31 aircraft , 30 a-20k and 1 a-20c 1st bomb group light 2nd bomb group light ; royal canadian air force no . 418 squadron rcaf ; french air force no. 342 sqn raf ( free french ) boston iii/iv japanese forces captured a few dutch aircraft ( db-7b 's ) in java .
12	after serving with the infantry for two months he was evacuated to java by submarine and rejoined his unit .
11	islamic societies ( 500 -- 1500 ad ) opium users in java during the dutch colonial period , circa 1870 as the power of the roman empire declined , the lands to the south , and east of the mediterranean sea became incorporated into the islamic empire .
47	it closely to the early of 15th century when admiral zheng he ( cheng ho ) , a muslim chinese , visited champa ( today vietnam ) along with a number of hokkien people whose then grew into the different class such as peranakan in malacca and java as well as cambodian hokkien in cambodia .
20	llvm llvm can translate from any language supported by gcc 4.2.1 ( ada , c , c++ , fortran , java , objective-c , or objective-c++ ) or by clang to any of : c , c + + , or msil by way of the '' arch '' command in llvm-gcc .
8	the virtualization manager ( vi-center ) , a java - based application , allowed for central management of the virtualized servers .
11	it is found in india on peninsular malaysia , sumatra , java and borneo .
7	a magnitude 6.2 earthquake struck south of java , indonesia on july 13 at a depth of 70.0 km .
20	in british service she captured several prizes and took part in the capture of mauritius and in an operation in java .
10	it is very popular in the country , especially in java .
19	inscript is a software library providing an ecmascript engine for ecma-262 3ed , written in c++ , and some java classes for liveconnect .
7	overloaded methods some other languages , like java , do not have default arguments .
17	there are also significant populations on the island of lombok , and in the eastern-most regions of java ( e.g. the municipality of banyuwangi ) .
4	it is found on java , peninsular malaysia and borneo .
16	those subsystems are called ginga-ncl ( for declarative ncl applications ) and ginga-j ( for imperative java applications ) .
16	these vulnerabilities were found in applications written in ruby on rails , asp.net mvc framework , java play framework , dropwizard php and python .
0	java 8 introduces default methods on interfaces .
14	the island was controlled by different kingdoms in southeast asia including the siam , java , and sultanate of malacca from the 14th century and the sultanate of johor from the 16th century .
8	a kyai ( key-eye ) is a ( java ) expert in islam .
14	the engine has been ported to many other programming languages and environments , including java , adobe flash ( in actionscript and haxe languages ) , c# , lua , javascript , and d .
18	she studied in arabia and undertook widespread archaeological studies including egypt , syria , palestine , persia , java , china , ethiopia , afghanistan , and the khmer , inca , aztec , and mesopotamian peoples .
31	mongolia ( western part ) - time in mongolia western part including hovd southeast asia laos vietnam cambodia thailand - thailand standard time indonesia - indonesia western time central kalimantan , java , sumatra , west kalimantan australia - christmas island time christmas island antarctica some bases in antarctica .
14	it was also permitted by many of the derivative programming languages including c++ and java .
6	coasts of indonesia ( sumatra , java , borneo ) .
23	makassar is famous for their '' becak '' ( pedicab ) which is smaller than the '' becak '' in the island of java .
11	as a botanist , he is remembered for his work with java mosses .
1	the java fleet is also destroyed in malacca .
14	wates is the capital of kulon progo regency , in yogyakarta special region on java , indonesia .
12	interfaces there are several application programming interface ( api ) available for java and for perl .
19	the social networks running on ning 's service are programmed with php and the platform itself is built in java .
18	since the acquisition , oracle has discontinued opensolaris and staroffice , and sued google over their newly acquired java patents from sun .
11	a. ischnosoma is known from the citarum river drainage in western java and the musi river drainage in southern sumatra .
16	it was re-equipped with pby catalina in 1941 before being withdrawn from singapore and relocated to java , leaving three aircraft at selatar air base .
12	they live in the thai-malay peninsula , on sumatra , borneo , java and smaller nearby islands .
24	in february 2010 , netezza announced that it had opened up its systems to support major programming models , including hadoop , mapreduce , java , c++ , and python models .
14	savaje ( pronounced savage ) was the developer of the savaje os , a java os for advanced mobile phones .
28	this marks the easternmost occurrence of teak , an important timber tree which extends naturally from india to thailand on the asian mainland and also is present on java in the indonesian archipelago .
6	in the court tradition of central java , gamelan is often played in the pendopo , an open pavilion with a cavernous , double-pitched roof , no side walls , and a hard marble or tile floor .
12	it contains the single species snellenopsis mimetica , which is found on java .
23	distribution the native range of r. taitensis includes asian countries , such as indonesia ( in the sulawesi , irian jaya , eastern java , the lesser sunda islands , and the moluccas ) , malaysia , papua new guinea , and the philippines ; western and south central pacific island locales , such as the society islands of french polynesia ( the type specimens were collected from the island of tahiti by carlo luigi giuseppe bertero and j . a. moerenhout during an expedition described in moerenhout 's book entitled voyages aux îles du grand océan ) , niue , palau and others within micronesia , and the solomon islands ; and australia ( in northeastern queensland ) .
19	features the last release supported the programming language c++ ( corba2 mapping ) , ansi c , python , java , and common lisp .
31	the kharavelan state had a formidable maritime empire with trading routes linking it to sri lanka , burma , thailand , vietnam , cambodia , borneo , bali , sumatra and java .
11	following the destruction of the abdacom forces in the battles around java in february and march , the japanese sortied into the indian ocean to destroy british seapower there and support the invasion of burma .
24	after suharto took the presidency in 1966 , he initiated a massive expansion of indonesian commercial logging , especially in the islands outside of java .
21	in earlier days they were fighting with the jungle fowl and its variants later , due to the naval expeditions to java and malay by the pandian rulers the local poultry of that land might have found its way to tamil nadu and a new strain/breed started its development in here which later spread to many places such as india .
32	gnavi for microsoft windows offers features comparable to delphi and visual basic including the use of active x controls and the ability to interface with microsoft 's .net framework and sun 's java .
29	indonesian sign language , or bahasa isyarat indonesia ( bisindo ) , is any of several related deaf sign language of indonesia , at least on the island of java .
21	openmi standard for users and developers the openmi standard is defined by a set of software interfaces , in c# and java , that a compliant model or component must implement .
12	under a prize crew storstad was taken to a remote spot between java and the north-west tip of australia to be converted into an auxiliary minelayer .
46	that is is equivalent to the fundamental property of multiplication in modular arithmetic may thus be written or , equivalently , in computer science , it is the remainder operator that is usually indicated by either '' % '' ( e.g. in c , c++ , java , javascript , perl and python ) or '' mod '' ( e.g. in pascal , basic , sql , haskell , abap ) , with exceptions ( e.g. excel ) .
4	it is found on java and possibly sumatra .
45	summary the sql : 2008 standard is split into several parts , covering the framework , the foundation , the call-level interface , persistent stored modules , management of external data , object language bindings , information and definition schemas , routines and types using java , and various '' related specifications .
12	the library also provides bindings for python ( aka pysndobj ) , java and common lisp ( through cffi ) .
23	three javanese gendèr placed at right angles a man playing a gendèr a gendèr is a type of metallophone used in balinese and java gamelan music .
20	languages the engine contains a number of bindings to various languages including c# , lua , python , blitzbasic and java .
13	sonargraph is a commercial tool for static code analysis of software written in java .
18	the party claims a membership of approximately 15 million , with the party 's base of support across java , sumatra , kalimantan and sulawesi .
30	this approach ( '' boolean is a separate built-in primitive data type '' ) was adopted by many later programming languages , such as algol 68 ( 1970 ) , java , and c# .
12	xobotos is a xamarin research project that explored porting android 4.0 from java / dalvik to c# to explore the performance and memory footprint benefits of c # .
11	early guilds before the rise of the cholas , inscriptions from java , indonesia mention only the kalingas as foreign visitors from the eastern coast of india .
33	in c # , the braces , -lcb- -rcb- , are used to delimit blocks , which is more familiar to programmers with experience in other widely deployed languages such as c++ and java .
9	some were then dispersed by sea to columbo , java , and australia .
16	the cjmtk api is available in the form of microsoft com+ , c , c++ and java .
8	probably the most commercially-important recent object-oriented languages are java , developed by sun microsystems , as well as c# and visual basic.net ( vb.net ) , both designed for microsoft 's .net platform .
13	rail network most of active railway network in indonesia mainly is operated in java and connecting main cities in the island ; from merak in western edge to banyuwangi in eastern edge .
4	webmethods developer is the java - based integrated development environment ( ide ) for developing code on the webmethods integration server .
10	kemenyan , benzoin resin as sold in gombong , central java benzoin resin is a balsamic resin obtained from the bark of several species of trees in the genus styrax .
21	it covered the oracle v. google in which oracle alleged that google 's android platform infringed copyrights and patents related to java .
37	lowland borneo has a stable climate , with monthly rainfall exceeding 8 inches throughout the year and a temperature range of more than 18 ° c. ecology during the pleistocene glacial epoch , all of borneo , java , sumatra , and mainland indochina were part of the same landmass .
20	phrogram has the secondary goal of providing a modern language with some features of advanced languages such as c++ , java , visual basic and c# , and visual basic syntax , to make the transition into those languages as easy as possible .
6	the rise of the internet , java and web services stole much of dce 's mindshare through the mid-to-late 1990s , and competing systems such as corba muddied the waters as well .
17	by 1 january 1942 , eleven of the bombers had been shifted northwest to singosari airfield on java .
6	the ship arrived at sourabaya , java , shortly before christmas but , after further provisioning and fueling , departed the dutch naval base there on the 27th .
7	indonesian batik made in the island of java has a long history of acculturation , with diverse patterns influenced by a variety of cultures , and is the most developed in terms of pattern , technique , and the quality of workmanship .
40	career christiaan eijkman in 1883 , eijkman left the netherlands for the indies , where he was made medical officer of health , first in semarang , then later at tjilatjap , a small village on the south coast of java , and at padang sidempoean in western sumatra .
25	towards the end gibson realized that all who remained alive were himself , another white man , a chinese woman named doris lin and four java seamen .
10	these standard runs applications written in different programming languages as java , mheg-5 or html and supports the specifications dvb-mhp , ocap , davic or atsc adding , at the same time , other own and new specifications .
36	some standard linux software applications are readily available pre-compiled , including popular closed-source enterprise software packages such as websphere , db2 and oracle databases and applications , sap r/3 , sap erp , and ibm 's java developer 's kit ( jdk ) , to name only a few .
10	microsoft liquid motion was a product from microsoft to create java animations .
6	although originated from the land of java , indonesia , the malay gamelan has developed a distinct identity compared to the javanese , balinese and sundanese gamelan from indonesia .
10	it is found in indonesia , sulawesi , borneo , java , sumatra and in the philippines .
7	malabar is an area in indonesia in java .
23	on 5 february only bendigo and , another ship of the flotilla , were at singapore with the rest having shifted operations to java and sumatra in the netherlands east indies .
3	zubir went to java to marry tarminah kario wikromo , a keroncong singer , in 1938 ; they returned to zubir 's home town of bukittinggi in 1941 just before the outbreak of world war ii .
26	factions the pni , the largest of the pdi 's five parties , and the legatee of sukarno , had its base in east and central java .
45	polyspace -- uses abstract interpretation , a formal methods based technique , to detect and prove the absence of certain run time errors in source code for c/c + + , and ada sofcheck inspector -- statically determines and documents pre - and post-condition for java methods ; statically checks precondition at all call sites ; also supports ada .
5	military group bandoeng , overseeing java , commanded by majgen j.j. pesman .
23	the two or three species in the genus , which are anamorph of the genus nectria , have been found in europe and java .
8	the us library of congress estimates that in java , between 4 and 10 million romusha ( japanese : '' manual laborers '' ) , were forced to work by the japanese military .
12	jayanti is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
23	women plaiting hats at balaraja ( 1920-1935 ) balaraja is a town and district within tangerang regency in the province of banten , java , indonesia .
15	quartz is a job scheduling library that can be integrated into a wide variety of java applications .
3	the island of java constitutes the eastern limit of their range , but already in the 1990s they were scarce and apparently restricted to tidal forests with sandy or muddy shores , older mangrove stands , and abandoned mangrove plantation areas with fishponds .
14	it was described by walker in 1859 , and is known from borneo , java , japan , sumatra , taiwan and china ( fujian , guangdong , guangxi , guizhou , hebei , hubei , hunan , jiangxi , ningxia , shaanxi , shandong ) .
14	such software entities are known as generics in ada , delphi , eiffel , java , c# , f# , swift , and visual basic .net ; parametric polymorphism in ml , scala and haskell ( the haskell community also uses the term '' generic '' for a related but somewhat different concept ) ; template in c++ and d ; and parameterized types in the influential 1994 book design patterns .
19	the version of the hare of inaba legend told in the kojiki has been compared to similar myths from java in indonesia , sri lanka , and india .
13	it is found in japan , china and india and on borneo and java .
10	harpesaurus is a genus of agamid lizard from forests in java , sumatra , borneo and nearby smaller islands .
11	it is found in vietnam , malaysia and on sumatra , java and borneo .
8	biography waldy was born in blitar , in java , on 15 december 1919 and was one of fourteen children born to j. r. hunter ( also known as osman ) and l. w. winterberg who were of english and german descent , respectively .
14	pn1 included syntax highlighting for : c++ , css , html , ini , java , javascript , autolisp , pascal , perl , sql , visual basic and xml .
33	the three northern species range widely across southern china , burma , northern thailand and laos and into india , southern nepal and vietnam ; whereas the other two species are found in java and the lesser sundas in southern indonesia .
30	while first flown in 1928 , it remained in service at the start of the second world war , with the last vildebeests flying against japanese forces over singapore and java in 1942 .
13	biography jan joseph chiapusso was born in gemou , near semarang , in java in the dutch east indies , now indonesia .
4	born in bandung , java , dutch east indies , as the son of herman louis johan badings , an officer in the dutch east indies army , hendrik herman badings became an orphan at an early age .
11	references to the dvipantara or yawadvipa , a hindu kingdom in java and sumatra appear in sanskrit writings from 200 bce .
25	the subspecies varanus bengalensis nebulosus , the clouded monitor , occurs in southern burma , vietnam , cambodia , thailand , malaysia , sumatra , java and the sunda islands .
20	parischnogaster nigricans serrei is a hover wasp species in the family vespidae , and it is predominantly found in the java region of indonesia .
6	; orchestra hmi hmi is a java application ( therefore a cross-platform one ) , that looks for and interacts with different parts of a control system .
7	the class system gained features ( e.g. java - style interfaces ) and also lost several features ( e.g. multiple inheritance ) throughout these versions .
10	much of the package is also available in c and java translations .
28	rules-based rapid application development ( rbrad ) webobjects features a set of rapid development technologies that can automatically create a web application without the need to write any java code .
6	then the software developer agency9 used java to create the interface which allows one to navigate through the map .
15	the second version ( '' v2 '' ) of photosig was a complete rewrite in java .
4	it occurs in eastern java , southern sulawesi , bali and on the lesser sunda islands .
6	buildings about 800 borobudur temple in java completed .
11	syntax and examples e # 's syntax is most similar to java , though it also bears some resemblance to python and c# .
6	the game is written entirely in java with graphics based on swing ( an awt interface also exists , but it 's not updated with the newest features ) , resulting in reasonable playability even on low-end platforms .
15	her first patrol terminated ( after a duration of 45 days ) at surabaya , java , on 22 january .
15	jstl provides an effective way to embed logic within a jsp page without using embedded java code directly .
11	its ruler was the overlord of the malay peninsula and western java as well as sumatra .
27	bison reads a specification of a context-free language , warns about any parsing ambiguities , and generates a parser ( either in c , c++ , or java ) which reads sequences of tokens and decides whether the sequence conforms to the syntax specified by the grammar .
23	the day-to-day learning in ids varies , including : qbasic programming freshmen year , statistics for half of sophomore and junior year , java and solidworks , ( taught by the esteemed mark supal ) , junior and senior year , html and flash at the end of senior year , as well as copious work time on the research project each student must complete and present with a partner each year .
13	libraries also support www programming , sockets , external interfaces ( c , java , tcltk , relational databases , etc. ) , etc. ciao is built on a kernel with an extensible modular design which allows both restricting and extending the language -- it can be seen as a language building language .
4	burp suite is a java application that can be used to secure or penetrate web applications .
5	partial list of implementations using java , and based very closely on weizenbaum 's published description of the program : using z80 assembly language on the ti-83 plus : trans-tex software has released shareware versions for classic mac os and doctor .
12	there are tools , such as checkstyle , pmd and findbugs for java , to automatically check for certain kinds of code smells .
20	in the years from 1885 to 1889 , he collected in tonkin and undertook a trip to the island of java .
9	runetek -- a proprietary 3d game engine written in java by jagex for use in runescape .
10	instead , he headed for bantam on the island of java , where he was welcomed by sultan ageng tirtayasa .
14	he carried out extensive studies of the flora of southern asia , particularly in java , then a colony of the netherlands .
4	the group chose central java and new guinea as mission fields .
19	examples of software projects licensed under the ipl include postfix , openafs , and the now-unmaintained jikes compiler for java .
23	people from surantih could be found in many big towns and cities across the island of sumatra , and in major cities in java island .
12	this configuration was already used successfully on the electrified railway network on java , then a dutch colony , but in the netherlands it was a failure due to its complicated technology and high maintenance .
20	at this stage jtorchat is designed to work effectively in windows without any configuration , however since its written in java , it can run on any platform with tor with some configuration .
3	the island of java encompasses only 6.8 % of indonesia 's land area , yet 48.5 % of its population .
15	it is found in india , the andamans , malaya , sumatra , borneo , java , sumbawa and the philippines .
10	description igb is built on top of the , a java library that implements key visualization features such as dynamic , real-time zooming and scrolling through a genomic map , a feature of the igb browser that sets it apart from many similar tools .
7	cola is a programming language similar to java and c# with some higher level features of perl and ruby including first-class regular expressions .
21	in 1876 , the language in addition became official in the surinamese education system whilst new immigrants from british india and java also picked up the language .
29	from brisbane polk , making a stop at townsville , sailed to soerabaja arriving on 30 january with ammunition , bombs , airplanes , and rations for forces in java .
24	her research interests are mainly in formal methods for programming languages ; her work is notable for a proof of the soundness of the java programming language .
15	language bindings are available for c / c++ , c# / .net , delphi , java , python , and visual basic ( vb ) .
11	ecology the lesser sunda islands differ from the large islands of java or sumatra in consisting of many small islands , sometimes divided by deep oceanic trench .
33	balaputra was mentioned as the son of samaragrawira , grandson of śailendravamsatilaka ( the jewel of śailendra family ) with stylized name śrīviravairimathana ( the slayer of enemy hero ) , king of java that married tārā , daughter of dharmasetu .
91	he is known for designing and implementing the rexx programming language ( published in ibm systems journal in 1984 ) and the netrexx programming language ( 1996 -- 1997 ) , his work on color perception and image processing ( 1982 -- 1985 ) , the stet folding editor ( 1977 ) , the lexx live parsing editor ( 1985 , possibly the first editor with color highlighting ) for the oxford english dictionary , electronic publishing , sgml applications , , the ibm jargon file ( ) through 1990 , java - related languages , the acorn system 1 , , and decimal arithmetic .
19	in the novel , the protagonist , max havelaar , tries to battle against a corrupt government system in java , which was then a dutch colony .
34	many common widgets not found in the gwt have been implemented in third-party libraries , such as ( formerly ) , , , , , , , etc. enterprise usage gwt uses or supports java , apache tomcat ( or similar web container ) , eclipse ide , internet explorer , and internationalization and localization .
13	the event dispatching thread ( edt ) is a background thread used in java to process events from the abstract window toolkit ( awt ) graphical user interface event queue .
13	enonic is an open source web content management system software , built on java technology , developed by enonic as .
28	originally , the voluntary association was mainly for c programmers , but it has expanded over time to include all programming language , especially c++ , c# , java , perl and python .
39	the topics covered over the course of the week long session include : basic web page design ( using html ) advanced web page design ( using php , javascript and css ) computer programming ( using c++ and java ) graphics design ( using adobe photoshop ) history the camps started back in 1992 when engineer f. wayne tunison saw the opportunity to make use of computer resources of other computer analysts on summer vacation .
8	distribution and habitat melicope bonwickii grows naturally in java , borneo , the philippines , new guinea and australia .
4	apache jelly is a java and xml based scripting and processing engine for turning xml into executable code .
12	it was in frequent conflict with , and ultimately subjugated by , java kingdoms , first singhasari and then majapahit .
24	transfer trigger could be done through daemons ( directory spooling ) , command line calls or through one of the various available api ( java , thrift , rest http ( s ) ) .
23	as a result of his pro-communist sympathies and actions , he was sent to kalimantan , away from the centres of power on java , and took part in the indonesian actions against british and malaysian troops in borneo ( see konfrontasi ) .
9	dendroscope is an interactive computer software program written in java for viewing phylogenetic tree .
44	the suggestion for a bridge was reportedly first put forward in 1960 by professor sedyatmo , a professor at the institut teknologi bandung , as part of broader plans , known as tri nusa bimasakti , to link the three islands of sumatra , java and bali .
23	based on the type of tags assigned to questions , the top eight most discussed topics on the site are : c# , java , javascript , php , android , jquery , ruby on rails , python and c++ .
6	some aircraft escaped to sumatra and java , but those islands also fell to the japanese within a short time .
22	the anjuvannam guild : consisting of jewish , christian and muslim traders operating in the ports of malabar , coromandal coast and java .
16	most recently the game , along with several other gradius titles , has been ported to java - based cell phones in japan .
15	the site was chosen because it is the point on the australian mainland closest to java , where japanese forces were concentrated .
4	living in buitenzorg on java , he was a direct witness to the eruption .
37	examples browser incompatibilities : the plaintiffs in the antitrust case claimed that microsoft had added support for activex control in the internet explorer web browser to break compatibility with netscape navigator , which used components based on java and netscape 's own plugin system .
20	description the syntax of parasail is reminiscent of modula , but with a class-and-interface-based object-oriented programming model more reminiscent of java or c# .
24	they also contain information about how to locate data on a server and how to access it and are formed by a set of java class with additional xml definition files .
18	next ( ) ) -lcb- / / process the result ... -rcb- default data type mapping mapping between java and xquery data types is largely flexible , however the xqj 1.0 specification does have default mapping rules mapping data types when they are not specified by the user .
9	examples can be found in the urbanised regions of java , the densely populated , delta-shaped areas on the peripheries of the jakarta agglomeration ( '' jabodetabek '' ) , but also the extended metropolitan regions of bangkok or manila .
8	this is present in other programming languages like java and python .
19	johan george betrem ( 1899 in the hague 1980 ) was a dutch entomologist and phytopathologist who worked in java from 1930 1945 .
10	several of wongso 's students came from islands other than java .
10	most of its airbases are located on the island of java .
5	the software is developed in java and it 's also used as part of the wikipathways framework as an applet .
20	in southeastern asia , shallots are called bawang merah kecil ( small red onions ) in malay , brambang in java , and hom ( หอม , fragrant ) in thai .
6	implementations of stx are available in java and perl .
25	influence on other online games crossfire was used as the base of a number of commercial and free mmorpg , such as wyvern , a java rewrite , graal kingdoms , which closed its code and content , and daimonin , which only used the server code but features an isometric view and a different project philosophy focused on a single main server .
3	functionality much like java and .net , pl/b programs are compiled into an intermediate byte-code , which is then interpreted by a runtime library .
2	contrast with java where a class is always necessary .
34	the company 's products are based on a new software architecture for delivering voice portals that leveraged industry standards for the internet such as voicexml , sql , eclipse , snmp , xml , java , and soa .
9	this species is found in singapore , and on java and krakatoa .
16	notation plays a relatively minor role in the oral traditions of indonesia gamelan but , in java and bali , several systems of gamelan notation were devised beginning at the end of the 19th century , initially for archival purposes .
10	the dutch government established a civil and military system in java and sumatra early in the last century , the birds being obtained from baghdad .
21	aoki promised to raise the issue with tōjō , who mentioned his intent to grant independence to malaya , sumatra , java , borneo and sulawesi within a year in his june 1943 parliamentary speech .
11	the api of the above mentioned standard were allowing the objects java the access to some services of information , control of services of audio content and video and the managing of the management of the resources in the receiver .
13	the genus is distributed in thailand , malaysia , and indonesia , on java , sumatra , and borneo , with only p. siamensis and p. bomboides known from north of the thai peninsula .
4	they then rowed to java , which took 19 days , only to find that it too was occupied .
19	it is found in the himalaya , india , sri lanka , china ( kwangtung ) , malaysia , java , australia ( tasmania ) and new zealand .
17	pda optional packages for the j2me platform jsr 75 is a specification that standardizes access in the java on embedded device such as mobile phone and pdas to data that resides natively on mobile devices .
8	it has also been known to attack using java software .
6	implementations of axis2 are available in java and c .
14	db4o ( database for objects ) is an embeddable open source object database for java and .net developers .
2	bluemix supports java , node.js , ruby and can be extended to support other languages such as php , python or scala .
8	it is also the third longest river in java after bengawan solo and brantas .
32	idls describe an interface in a language-independent way , enabling communication between software components that do not share a language for example , between components written in c++ and components written in java .
7	he spent the next three years on java returning to france in july 1807 with a large collection of plants and birds .
14	the planned 3.0 release is expected to support stored procedures in languages such as java and c++ , and sql window functions that restrict query results .
7	examples without dependency injection in the following java example , the client class contains a service member variable that is initialized by the client constructor .
1	a java version was written in '' 1996 as a challenge to write battlezone , the once well-known atari arcade game , in 24 hours , '' according to the cyberdyne systems web site .
18	founded 2003 in sweden , mythicscape online entertainment was a small company focused on developing online game and java based user interface .
17	it is found from the north-eastern himalaya to hong kong , burma , sumatra , borneo , java , the philippines , sulawesi and seram .
34	as a driver for connecting devices to the internet of things , telenor objects is a founding member of coosproject.org , a general-purpose , modular , pluggable and distributable open source middleware platform in java ; designed for connecting service and device objects that communicate via messages and enabling monitoring and management .
23	huge anti-war demonstrations took place in dhaka , bangladesh ; kathmandu , nepal ; colombo , sri lanka ; kelantan ; jakarta and java , indonesia ; surabaya ; and bangkok , thailand .
18	platform support programming language support includes asp.net , c , c++ , c# and other .net languages , java , jsp , vb.net , classic asp ; platform support for windows , solaris , and linux .
7	history dotcms was initially developed as a java alternative to the php cmses on the market , as well as to provide a counterpoint to high cost , enterprise applications .
45	taxonomy the white-bellied sea eagle was first described by the german naturalist johann friedrich gmelin in 1788 , although john latham had made notes on the species in 1781 , from a specimen obtained in february 1780 at princes island off the westernmost cape of java during captain cook 's last voyage .
5	the operator 's coverage includes java , bali , and lombok as well as the principal cities in and around sumatra , kalimantan and sulawesi .
21	switch statements exist in most high-level imperative programming languages such as pascal , ada , c / c++ , c# and java , and in many other types of language , using such keyword as switch , case , select or inspect .
6	in the sunda strait , off java , captain raphael semmes , the commanding officer of confederate cruiser alabama , learned from an english brig of wyoming 's arrival in the east indies ; and a dutch trader later confirmed this report .
21	there are currently about 20,000 cuban doctors working in 68 countries across three continents , including a 135-strong medical team in java , indonesia .
9	much as it is the case for types in java - like languages , there might exist many very different implementations of the same type .
23	many other languages and applications are now adopting perl compatible regular expressions over posix regular expressions , such as php , ruby , java , microsoft 's .net framework , and the apache http server .
15	the first tool under the cinema banner developed at the university of manchester was a java - based applet launched via web pages , which is but is no longer maintained .
46	by the 8th and 9th centuries , the effects were felt in south-east asia , as south indian culture and political systems were exported to lands that became part of modern-day myanmar , thailand , laos , cambodia , vietnam , philippines , malaysia , and java .
13	the first was on 3 october 1942 while entering port at surabaya , java .
20	ragel is a finite-state machine compiler with output support for c , c++ , c# , objective-c , d , java , ocaml , go , and ruby source code .
4	apache roller is a java - based open source '' full-featured , multi-blog , multi-user , and group-blog server suitable for blog sites large and small '' .
16	chūzan continued to enjoy formal diplomatic relations with ayutthaya and korea , and trade relations with java , sumatra , and other states , as did the other two ryukyuan kingdoms .
15	since 1976 , goode has been a member of gamelan son of lion , a java - style iron gamelan ensemble dedicated to new music , for which he has composed many works .
17	vassal is in turn an outgrowth of the vasl ( virtual asl ) project , and uses java , making it accessible to any computer that can run a modern jvm , while the other three are microsoft windows programs .
22	early 17th century : 1600 -- a dutch ship of 800 tons , armed with 50 cannons , returning to holland from java with a very valuable cargo of spices , was shipwrecked somewhere near sainte-luce ( manafiafy ) .
8	the interface is similar to the interface for java 's network library .
5	the project is written in java , but can be used at any platform using service-oriented architecture approach , e.g. via web service .
24	it is found in south-east asia , where it has been recorded from india , sri lanka , china , thailand , malaysia , java , bali , borneo , the philippines and taiwan .
56	distribution and habitat the most widespread member of its family in the indo-pacific , the longtail butterfly ray is found from the red sea and somalia , westward across india and sri lanka , to china and southern japan , the philippines , and the western islands of indonesia ( including borneo , sumatra , and java ) .
9	the user interface also allows the automated generation of java and/or sql code associated with the data-mining activities .
18	it is found in india ( sikkim , assam ) , peninsular malaysia , sumatra , borneo and java .
7	taxonomy boletellus obscurecoccineus was originally collected in java and described by franz xaver rudolf von höhnel in 1914 , and placed in the genus boletellus by rolf singer in 1945 .
13	prior to his return to germany , he visited china , siam , java and ceylon .
38	it is found in mauritius , madagascar , seychelles , assam , eastern himalayas , southern india , sri lanka , myanmar , thailand , malaysia , laos , cambodia , south china , vietnam , borneo , java , lesser sunda islands , moluccas , philippines , sulawesi , sumatra , bismark islands , new guinea , solomon islands , norfolk island , new south wales , queensland , fiji , new caledonia , samoa , vanuatu , wallis and futuna , marquesas , santa cruz islands , caroline islands , the marianas islands , taiwan , ryukyu islands .
14	mantis religiosa siedleckii found in southeast asia : taiwan , thailand , malaysia , java , sulawesi mantis religiosa sinica found in china , japan , south korea , vietnam and east africa additional images file : mantis religiosa couple .
86	an example of a python generator returning an iterator for the fibonacci number using python 's yield statement follows : def fibonacci ( ) : a , b = 0 , 1 while true : yield a a , b = b , a + b for number in fibonacci ( ) : # the generator constructs an iterator print ( number ) implicit iterators some object-oriented languages such as c# , c++ ( later versions ) , delphi ( later versions ) , go , java ( later versions ) , lua , perl , python , ruby provide an intrinsic way of iterating through the elements of a container object without the introduction of an explicit iterator object .
23	cablelabs proposed in the cablecard 2.0 specification that two-way communication be supported with a scheme which required more powerful hardware capable of running java programs .
29	the sunda includes the south china sea , the andaman sea , southern parts of vietnam and thailand along with malaysia and the islands of borneo , sumatra , java , and part of celebes in indonesia , plus the south-western philippines islands of palawan and the sulu archipelago .
23	many circular shapes decorated the whole complex , the design of which reminds people of the shape of candi in the east of java .
31	most occur around the pacific ring of fire , with the largest areas found in central chile , ecuador , colombia , mexico , the pacific northwest usa , japan , java and new zealand 's north island .
19	in static program analysis , soot is a language manipulation and optimization framework consisting of intermediate language for the java programming language .
9	it is found on peninsular malaysia , borneo , java and bali .
7	the program supported c , c++ , java , and microsoft.net apps .
44	bayesian filtering library chronux -- for neurobiological time series data cbecon -- web-based econometrics and statistical software dap -- a free replacement for sas dotplot - statistical analysis software including data visualization features elki a software framework for development of data mining algorithms in java .
13	in 1850 chilo sacchariphagus sacchariphagus had been introduced in sugar cane setts from java to mauritius , around 1855 also to the neighbouring island réunion .
17	his poetry contains the adventures of samundis ( sindhi sailors ) and their voyage to lanka and java , in sur surirag and sur samundi , which feature various accounts on cultural , socialand economic outlook on people of thatta and the port debal in present day karachi .
12	c++ and languages which derive in style from it ( such as java , c# , d , php , and perl ) generally use this .
8	renown supported the air strike against surabaya , java ( operation transom ) on 17 may as well as the follow-on attack against port blair on 21 june .
17	it is also reportedly naturalized in south africa , mauritius , réunion , the andaman islands , java , new caledonia , micronesia , hawaii , florida , bermuda , puerto rico and the dominican republic .
15	history starting from 1914 , there was a city championship for the main cities on java .
18	stavrox stavrox is a proprietary , free-to-use software to identify cross-linked peptides from mass spectrometric data written in java .
3	medang prambanan in java ; built during the sanjaya dynasty of mataram , it is one of the largest hindu temple complexes in south-east asia .
32	at the start of the pacific war , takagi was commanding the naval forces supporting the invasion of the philippine islands in late 1941 , takagi headed the task force covering the java landings in dutch east indies .
21	religious architecture the prambanan temple complex although religious architecture has been widespread in indonesia , the most significant was developed in java .
12	; connectivity netfront internet browser infrared port usb 2.0 gprs ; misc java 6.7 27mb onboard flash memory ( depends on operator pre-customizations ) fota ; supported networks gsm 900 , 1800 , 1900 release sony ericsson w200 was announced in the second quarter of 2007 .
9	unlike a standard '' reflection '' ( and the java '' water '' effect popular in first-generation web graphics ) , the wet floor effect involves a gradient and often a slant in the reflection , so that the mirrored image appears to be hovering over or resting on a '' wet floor '' .
21	culinary uses the flowers of s. grandiflora are eaten as a vegetable in southeast asia , like laos , thailand , java in indonesia , vietnam , and the ilocos region of the philippines .
13	despite some naming , syntactic , and standard library similarities , javascript and java are otherwise unrelated and have very different semantics .
24	in the wake of that action , the smashed allied fleet attempted to escape the cordon of japanese warships rapidly tightening the noose around java .
9	the silvery gibbon lives exclusively on the island of java ( indonesia ) , where it inhabits deeply hidden portions of the rain forests .
20	it is considered to be of low vulnerability , and is distributed throughout much of the west pacific , from java to fiji , and from the ryukyu islands south to the great barrier reef .
4	it is found in java , indonesia .
7	in other languages , notably c++ and java , class methods are synonymous with static methods ( see below ) , which are resolved at compile-time with a known class name .
6	the species has been recorded from java , the new hebrides , fiji and samoa , the cook islands , from the marquesas across the society and tuamotu islands to the austral islands , as well as from the galápagos islands ( though it might not breed there ) .
9	it is located on the northern shore of eastern java at the mouth of the mas river and along the edge of the madura strait .
24	the company brought inter-island commerce through the capital , batavia ( now jakarta ) rather than to singapore , which shifted economic activity to java .
18	meteorological history tropical cyclone emma originated from an area of low pressure that formed to the southeast of java on 22 february 2006 .
13	no final keyword : algol 60 , c , c++ , haskell , java , pascal , perl , php , pl/i , python , powershell .
21	the wintering range includes north-east india , bangladesh , southern china , taiwan and south-east asia as far as sumatra , java , borneo and the philippines ( palawan and culion ) .
29	a major influence was the bugis -- who first set foot in malaysia in johor before continuing on to melaka , linggi , selangor , pahang and terengganu -- java and the arab .
28	permit embarked members of admiral thomas c. hart 's staff at mariveles harbor on 28 december and evacuated them to the netherlands ' submarine base , surabaya , java , arriving on 6 february 1942 .
6	it is found in sumatra , java , borneo and sulawesi .
41	tools for benchmarking load testing ( stress/performance testing ) a web server can be performed using automation/analysis tools such as : apachebench ( or ab ) , a command line program bundled with apache http server apache jmeter , an open-source java load testing tool curl-loader , a software performance testing open-source tool httperf , a command line program originally developed at hp labs opensta , a gui-based utility for microsoft windows - based operating systems web application benchmarks web application benchmarks measure the performance of application server and database servers used to host web application .
7	a primitive - wrapper class in the java and actionscript programming languages is one of eight classes provided in the package to provide object methods for the eight primitive type .
21	4690 supports applications written in ibm 4680 basic ( a variant of cbasic ) , metaware high - c , and java 2 .
43	comments that begin with / \* ( a slash and an asterisk ) and end with \* / ( the same characters in the opposite order ) were introduced in pl/i and subsequently adopted by sas , c , rexx , c++ , java , javascript , php , css , and c# .
6	bindings are developed for python and java and are available as the separate otb-wrapping project .
10	amorphoscelis javana is a species of praying mantis found in java .
13	kelapa dua is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
13	it is also reportedly naturalized in sri lanka , thailand , vietnam , java and the philippines .
36	in germany , he settled in berlin where he was introduced by bopp to wilhelm von humboldt , whom he assisted from 1829 to 1835 in the preparation of his work on the kavi language in java .
14	distribution and habitat it lives on the malay peninsula , borneo , sumatra and java .
6	indonesia 1550 : islam spreads to java , the maluku islands , and borneo .
7	typing in statically typed languages such as java or ml , a variable also has a type , meaning that only certain kinds of values can be stored in it .
17	he was then chief of the hallet plantation group , in the far east ( sumatra , java , indochina and malaysia ) .
8	fiona mollison ( born 9 january 1954 in java , indonesia ) is a british television and theater actress .
13	mangkunegara sixth bring a new milestone in the system of royal succession in java .
10	objects are actually references to the objects ( as in java ) which delphi implicitly dereferences , so there is usually no need to manually allocate memory for pointers to objects or use similar techniques needed in some other languages .
39	examples of object-oriented languages include simula , smalltalk , c++ ( whose object model was based on simula 's ) , objective-c ( whose object model was based on smalltalk 's ) , eiffel , python , ruby , java , c# , and realbasic ( an object-oriented basic dialect ) .
5	kosmo was implemented using the java programming language and is being developed from the jump gis platform and a series of free code libraries , all of which are well acknowledged and widely used in different free software projects ( for example , geotools and jts ) .
3	cpd works with java , jsp , c , c++ , fortran , php , and c# code .
32	some rulers were also given precedence amongst others such as the susuhunan of surakarta and the sultan of yogyakarta ( direct successors to the old mataram sultanate , that all regencies in java belonged to ) , which were recognized through their vorstenlanden kingdoms giving them a degree of autonomy .
14	heavy rain triggered the landslide , which derailed the train as it traveled through java , the most populous island in indonesia .
27	overview the basic goal for the object-relational database is to bridge the gap between relational databases and the object-oriented modeling techniques used in programming languages such as java , c++ , visual basic .net or c# .
15	apache lucene is a free open source information retrieval software library , originally written in java by doug cutting .
17	the rusi comprised sixteen state entities : a '' republic of indonesia '' consisting of territories in java and sumatra ( a combined population of over 31 million ) ; and the fifteen states established by the dutch , which had populations between 100,000 and 11 million .
25	at first , the dutch were not able to win militarily against the paderis because their resources were stretched thin by the diponegoro resistance in java .
5	its name is inspired by java 's jar ( file format ) technology .
40	although many u.s. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the faa and iata , this airport is assigned cxp by the faa and csn by the iata ( which assigned cxp to tunggul wulung airport in cilacap , java , indonesia ) .
58	most use the simple word for , roughly as follows : for each item in collection : do something to item language support some of the languages with support for foreach loops include abc , actionscript , ada , c++11 , c# , cfml , cobra , d , daplex ( a query language ) , ecmascript , java ( since 1.5 , using the reserved word for for the for loop and the foreach loop ) , javascript , objective-c ( since 2.0 ) , parasail , perl , php , python , realbasic , ruby , smalltalk , swift , tcl , tcsh , unix shell , visual basic .net and windows powershell .
11	fejervarya iskandari is a species of frog that is endemic to java , indonesia .
20	she was involved in battles off the basque roads , in which she won a battle honor , and off java in indonesia .
10	february 14 wwii : an anti-japanese revolt breaks out on java .
7	mandiri river is a river in southern java , indonesia .
6	norden was born in semarang , java .
11	in object-oriented programming languages without function-valued arguments , such as in java before its 1.7 version , callbacks can be simulated by passing an instance of an abstract class or interface , of which the receiver will call one or more methods , while the calling end provides a concrete implementation .
37	economy tobelo boasts large swathes of locally owned coconut plantations , supplying hundreds of tonnes of copra ( dried coconut flesh ) every month to the ports of bitung ( north sulawesi ) and surabaya ( east java ) .
11	phpstorm is built on intellij idea , which is written in java .
16	this includes software written only for microsoft windows , or software that could only run on java , before it became free software .
23	here is a list of programming languages that follow the imperative paradigm : ada algol basic blue c c++ cobol d fortran go java julia lua matlab machine language modula-2 , modula-3 mumps oberon object pascal ocaml pascal perl php prose modeling language python ruby rust interactive mode languages interactive mode languages act as a kind of shell : expressions or statements can be entered one at a time , and the result of their evaluation is seen immediately .
20	jmaki is an ajax framework that provides a lightweight model for creating javascript centric ajax - enabled web applications using java , php , ruby , and phobos .
4	in other languages in java and the .net framework , it is common for a class to extend generic superclasses and interfaces having that same class as a type parameter .
6	this convention is commonly used in java , c# , and visual basic .
46	historical overview map of the angkor region angkor wat at sunrise seat of the khmer empire gate into angkor thom the angkorian period may have begun shortly after 800 ad , when the khmer king jayavarman ii announced the independence of kambujadesa ( cambodia ) from java and established his capital of hariharalaya ( now known as roluos ) at the northern end of tonlé sap .
22	tropidomantis tenera or tropidomantis ( tropidomantis ) tenera is a species of praying mantis found in thailand , malaysia , sumatra , java , flores , sumba , sulawesi , borneo , and the philippines .
2	born on java in the dutch east indies , he died in his home on hawaii .
6	it is found on sumatra , java and peninsular malaysia .
16	he represented the federated malay states government in negotiations with netherlands indies government at bandoeng , java , regarding liquidation of war ( 1914 -- 1918 ) tin stocks .
27	staff members , traditionally students working on an undergraduate degree in computer science but more recently including graduate students and professors , taught classes such as : java programming , c++ programming , c# programming , game development , artificial intelligence ( ai ) , web development , flash animation , computer graphics , 3d modeling and rendering , and virtual reality .
26	it contains only one species , palmartona catoxantha , which is found from myanmar eastwards throughout malaysia , singapore , indonesia ( sumatra , nias , java , bangka , kalimantan , sulawesi ) , the philippines ( palawan ) to papua new guinea .
8	the readwritelock interface and the reentrantreadwritelock locks in java version 5 or above .
11	a programmer 's primary computer language ( c , c++ , java , lisp , python , smalltalk , etc. ) is often prefixed to the above titles , and those who work in a web environment often prefix their titles with web .
25	it is the capital of demak regency and the location of the former sultanate of demak , briefly the strongest power on the island of java .
7	sun microsystems 's multiple schema validator for java has an add-on that allows it to validate relax ng schemas that have embedded schematron rules .
25	quantrix almost suffered the same fate as improv when the company was purchased by sun microsystems and ( eventually ) turned into a developer of java applications .
16	this tectonic collision created sunda volcanic arc that has produced chains of islands of sumatra , java and the lesser sunda islands .
19	there is evidence of hominins in yuanmou , china , dating to 1.7 ma and in sangiran , on java , indonesia , from 1.66 ma .
9	allusions to science and history on the voyage to java , jack has with him a chart showing alexander von humboldt 's maximum and minimum sea-temperatures over a vast stretch of ocean .
17	single dispatch is supported by many object-oriented languages , including statically typed languages such as c++ and java , and dynamically typed languages such as smalltalk , objective-c , javascript , and python .
7	jpa embeds a sql-like language through into java .
10	to the south and east are islands of indonesia : java and sulawesi , respectively .
19	more experienced programmers may find it useful that the robot can also be programmed in c , c++ , java , .net , matlab , simulink , labview and microsoft robotics developer studio .
17	indonesian war of independence and military career sukotjo was born on 18 december 1927 in kertosono , java .
32	it was described by ragonot in 1888 , and is known from india , papua new guinea , malaysia ( sarawak ) , taiwan , china , the moluccas , indonesia ( java , borneo ) and japan .
11	in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries , the ryukyuans traded with java , japan , china , and korea .
19	in addition to addressing many of the problems with version 3 , version 5.0 was recreated from scratch in java as open source software .
29	in photographing the people of the indies , he often had to overcome superstitions which , the bataviaasch handelsblad wrote , '' made taking images of the people outside java almost impossible '' .
13	distribution and habitat from peninsular malaysia , thailand , borneo , sumatra , java , and myanmar , nenga palms are purely tropical found in rain forest to 1400 m. n. pumila is also found in peat swamp forest .
7	samaragrawira was mentioned as the king of java that married tārā , daughter of dharmasetu .
2	fourteen in java , three in sumatra and others in for example makassar and salatiga .
27	the spoonsnouted catfish ( cryptarius truncatus ) is a species of sea catfish from estuaries and lower courses of rivers from the chao phraya to sumatra and java , including the lower mekong .
9	kryptopyga pendulosa is a species of hoverfly native to java , and the only species in the genus kryptopyga .
13	distribution and habitat dacryodes rugosa grows naturally in sumatra , peninsular malaysia , java and borneo .
2	it uses java for 2d , and opengl for 3d .
26	two of its five subspecies are frequently given full species status , a. b. rogersi as the indochinese swiftlet , aerodramus rogersi , and the isolated java form a. b. vulcanorum as the volcano swiftlet , aerodramus vulcanorum .
16	the following presents examples for two of the most widely used object-oriented languages , c++ and java , which should cover nearly every way that an object-oriented language can attack this problem .
15	the output of this program may be any transformation system such as xslt , a java program or a program in some other procedural language .
5	open language tools is a java project released by sun microsystems under the terms of sun 's cddl ( a gpl - incompatible free software license ) .
9	the apache commons math library provides rational numbers for java with its fraction class .
23	written some time after the poet was forced to marry the daughter of the sultan of langkat instead of his chosen love in java , this collection consists of 24 titled poem and pieces of lyrical prose , none of which are dated .
6	she was born in yogyakarta , java , now part of indonesia .
10	this is the case in some languages , such as java : each class is compiled separately into a file and linked by the interpreter at runtime .
25	( monday ) singapore most wanted jemaah islamiah ( ji ) terror suspect , mas selamat kastari , is arrested by indonesia anti-terror squad in java .
5	in contrast , the language java has been criticized for over-specifying the latter .
26	microsoft 's xna initiative is a part of the larger trend for gaming technology migrating from traditional c++ to higher level managed languages , such as java , c# , and vb.net , which is a continuation of the historic trends for the migration of software development from lower level languages such as assembly and c to higher level languages such as c++ .
23	lasso has three compilation methodologies : dynamic ( comparable to php / python ) , just-in-time compilation ( comparable to .net framework or java ) , and pre-compiled ( comparable to c ) .
6	the church located in bali , java , west nusa tenggara .
23	the boat was of a design based on stone relief carvings found on the ancient buddhist temple at borobudur on the island of java .
16	rudolf '' ru '' jacob van der haar ( october 6 , 1913 in banjoemas , java , dutch east indies -- may 15 , 1943 in maoemere , dutch east indies ) was a dutch field hockey player who competed in the 1936 summer olympics .
21	the term '' finalizer '' is primarily used in object-oriented language that use garbage collection , of which the archetype is java .
14	related scripts are also found in south east asian islands ranging from sumatra , java , bali , south sulawesi and most of the philippines .
14	these territories included buton , makassar , timor , bima and the coasts of java .
13	4 january 1942 : japanese submarine i-56 sank the freighter kwangtung south of java .
38	as director of the museum , he enlarged the collections by new purchases and participating in expeditions to the dutch colonies : in 1884 to the dutch antilles , in 1892 to the moluccas and in 1910 to java .
7	it is known from indonesia , from java to ambon , and also the philippines and taiwan .
8	the short hilt , which is pentagonal on java , forms as it were , an extension of the metok .
2	similar to java , c # can also synchronize entire methods , by using the methodimploptions synchronized attribute .
16	while touring with a string trio the dutch east indies , he decided to remain on java , and found a government post in bandung .
10	james gosling , developer of oak , the precursor of java .
22	the pink-headed fruit dove is a resident breeding endemic bird in indonesia where it occurs in the mountain forests of sumatra , java and bali at altitudes of 1000 -- 2200 m. it builds a flimsy nest in a tree and lays one or sometimes two white eggs which are incubated for 20 days to hatching , with a further 15 -- 16 days to fledging .
15	these fronds may be up to 9 meters long in the species angiopteris teysmanniana of java .
21	these add support for togaf business process modeling ; sysml system architecture modeling ; marte for specifying embedded systems , and java code generation , reverse and roundtrip engineering .
20	history the ties between indonesia and india date back to the times of the ramayana , '' yawadvipa '' ( java ) is mentioned in india 's earliest epic , the ramayana .
16	a kind of baba malay , called peranakan , is spoken among chinese living in east java .
11	problems may be written in c , c++ , fortran , java , or python , in which case knitro is called as a software routine to solve the problem .
23	in 1944 -- 45 , allied troops largely by-passed indonesia and did not fight their way into the most populous parts such as java and sumatra .
8	it is closely related to p. subaeruginascens from java , p. septentrionalis from japan , and p. wayanadensis from india .
21	it was described by walker in 1863 , and is known from taiwan , indonesia ( including sumatra , borneo and java ) , sri lanka , india , thailand , western malaysia and new guinea .
8	on 4 february , she departed that north java base and returned to makassar strait .
18	despite its common name , it is not found in india or malaysia , but is endemic to java and sumatra of indonesia .
16	on 3 march 1942 , maya was present at the sinking of the gunboat south of java .
3	in 1913 in java , arthur fitz , a man from graz became the first recorded austrian to be ordained as buddhist monk , taking the name bhikkhu sono .
12	on 19 february , along with and , she departed tjilatjap , java , for exmouth gulf , australia , and an overhaul .
11	vuforia provides application programming interface ( api ) in c++ , java , objective-c , and the .net languages through an extension to the unity game engine .
5	ikvm.net is an implementation of java for mono and the microsoft .net framework .
59	languages known sublime text understands the syntax of a number of different programming language and is able to highlight syntax for actionscript , applescript , asp , batch files , c , c++ , c# , clojure , css , d , diff , erlang , go , graphviz ( dot ) , groovy , haskell , html , java , jsp , javascript , json , latex , lisp , lua , makefiles , markdown , matlab , objective-c , ocaml , perl , php , python , r , rails , regular expressions , restructuredtext , ruby , scala , shell scripts ( bash ) , sql , tcl , textile , xml , xsl , and yaml .
6	the men in australia moved to java at the end of 1941 and , flying b-17 flying fortress , lb-30 , and b-24 liberator aircraft , earned a distinguished unit citation for the group by attacking enemy aircraft , ground installations , warships , and transports during the japanese drive through the philippines and netherlands indies early in 1942 .
19	40 years of silence : an indonesian tragedy follows the testimonies of four individuals and their families from central java and bali , two regions greatly affected by the purge .
21	ajax while being a client-side and server-agnostic solution , the qooxdoo project does include optional rpc server implementations ( currently in java , php , perl and python ) to demonstrate client-server communication .
25	when louis bonaparte appointed daendels as governor general of the dutch east indies in 1807 , his main task is to strengthen the defense of java to protect it from the british army .
4	it is found on java and fiji .
22	his expertise in airbase construction led to johns being sent to the south west pacific as chief engineer , american forces in java .
20	geographic range h. brookii is found in the indian ocean ( malaysia , vietnam , western indonesia : sumatra , java , kalimantan ) and the gulf of thailand .
4	it consists of a java and a c++ implementation of the soap server , and various utilities and api for generating and deploying web service applications .
10	, freely available bnf grammars for sql , ada , java .
18	geography topography of the island the island of bali lies 3.2 km ( 2 mi ) east of java , and is approximately 8 degrees south of the equator .
22	the meaning in the dutch version is entirely different from the original lyrics , although the dutch version mentions the island of java ( or possibly the dutch east indies ) .
0	java : apache commons-math provides implementations of erf and erfc for real arguments .
10	sqlj is an outdated working title for efforts to combine java and sql .
7	che nang was defeated and escaped to java .
32	in response , mustafa 's troops killed all but one of the japanese soldiers ; the surviving soldier was ordered to return to his commander with an ultimatum requiring the sovereignty of java .
4	it is found on java , sumatra , borneo , the lesser sunda islands and christmas island .
12	pakuhaji is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
7	in the c++ , c# , and java programming languages , ( among others ) they delimit generic argument .
5	the structure is in traditional java architectural style and occupies parts of the mangkunegaran royal cemetery complex .
38	cweb is a computer programming system created by donald knuth and silvio levy as a follow-up to knuth 's web literate programming system , using the c programming language ( and to a lesser extent the c++ and java programming languages ) instead of pascal .
7	burgos currently works as a developer using java , python , and mysql .
5	support for clients written in java , c++ , .net as well as other languages using representational state transfer ( rest ) .
12	jhepwork was initially written for data analysis for particle physics using the java software concept for international linear collider project developed at slac .
13	this invasion has forced srivijaya to made peace with its old enemy , java kingdom of kahuripan ( successor of medang kingdom ) .
12	indonesia it has been suggested that underground temples at gua made in java reached by shafts , in which masks of a green metal were found , originated as a qanat .
8	napoleon 's gaoler after a brief voyage to java , disease spread aboard powerful and plampin himself was taken ill , returning to britain to recuperate .
25	by the start of the 16th century , with malaccan sultanate in the malay peninsula and parts of sumatra , the sultanate of demak in java , and other kingdoms around the malay archipelago increasingly converting to islam , it had become the dominant religion among malays , and reached as far as the modern-day philippines , leaving bali as an isolated outpost of hinduism today .
27	; 4 borneo -- the orang-utan dyak crossing a bamboo bridge ; 5 borneo -- journey in the interior ; 6 borneo -- the dyaks ; 7 java ; 8 sumatra ; 9 natural history of the indo-malay islands .
4	she then traveled to java and for four years immersed herself in its native music , which she introduced to north american audiences on her return .
15	the original n. adrianii plant discovered by adrian yusuf in 2004 in 2004 , a java taxon resembling n. spathulata was discovered by adrian yusuf .
18	most '' modern '' languages ( basic , c , c++ , c# , pascal , ada and java ) are also third-generation languages .
35	the stupa developed as a monument enclosing deposits of relics of the buddha from plain hemispherical mounds in the 3rd century bce to elaborate structures such as those at sanchi in india and borobudur in java .
9	it was created adding a new series of api java to mheg 's sixth version .
23	it is a suite of libraries and programs for symbolic and statistical natural language processing ( nlp ) for both the python and java programming languages .
13	it is believed that when the gods had just created the earth , java was unbalanced because of the placement of mount jamurdipo on the west end of the island .
73	it is found in the nicobar islands , eastern india ( assam ) , bangladesh , myanmar , thailand , cambodia , laos , central and southern vietnam , west malaysia , singapore , philippines ( leyte , luzon , mindanao , samar , negros , panay , etc. ) , indonesia ( sulawesi , ambon island , sumatra , borneo , east malaysia , brunei , nias , enggano , simeulue , java , sumbawa , halmahera , ceram , seram , buru , east timor , bali , palawan and maluku ) , and possibly china ( guangxi and guangdong ) and sri lanka .
13	commercial navigation software is available for most 21st-century smartphone as well as some java - enabled phones that allows them to use an internal or external gps receiver ( in the latter case , connecting via serial or bluetooth ) .
12	waldjinah born november 7 , 1945 in solo , indonesia is a java traditional singer .
36	malik ibrahim ( died 7 april 1419 ) , also known as sunan gresik or kakek bantal , was the first of the wali songo , the nine men generally thought to have introduced islam to java .
23	there are several proposals and/or projects having worked on an integration of dpws with osgi , i.e. mainly providing an implementation for this java framework .
17	this eventually led to the establishment of the , which established a number of catholic schools throughout java .
6	there are aiml interpreters available in java , ruby , python , c++ , c# , pascal , and other languages ( see below ) .
23	only one species is recognized : cheilosa montana , native to southeast asia ( peninsular malaysia , borneo , sumatra , philippines , java ) .
19	the current generation of bbx - bbj - is a superset of the bbx language and environment implemented in java .
23	in the 13th century kublai khan , the founder of the yuan dynasty , sent emissaries demanding tribute from the singhasari kingdom of java .
41	wordfast pro can handle word documents ( doc/docx ) , microsoft excel ( xls/xlsx ) , powerpoint ( ppt/pptx ) , rich text format ( rtf ) , text ( txt ) , html , xml , asp , jsp , java , indesign ( inx/idml ) , framemaker ( mif ) , and editable pdf .
9	najas halophila is an aquatic plant species native to java , new guinea and queensland .
21	acromantis insularis , common name luzon mantis , is a species of praying mantis found in india , sumatra , and java .
11	one of the earlier examples of anastylosis : the borobudur in java , indonesia .
28	it is found in afghanistan , nepal , north-eastern india , sri lanka , bangladesh , burma , vietnam , thailand , malaysia , singapore , sumatra , java , borneo , sumba , sulawesi , the philippines , taiwan , china and japan .
14	the word static is also used in languages influenced by c , such as java .
16	he discovered the cocos ( keeling ) islands in 1609 as he was going home from java to england .
8	for example , a database persistence framework for java objects might use base64 encoding to encode a relatively large unique id ( generally 128-bit uuid ) into a string for use as an http parameter in http forms or http get urls .
22	distribution this species can be found in india , andaman islands , myanmar , malayan subregion ( malay peninsula , sumatra , java , borneo and all the indonesian archipelago ) , amur river region and china .
19	when her father , king chulalongkorn , visited southern asia in 1896 , she followed her father while visiting java , singapore , and malayu with the other princesses .
13	the party 's base of support is strongest in the rural areas of java and draws from the constituency that formerly supported the conservative muslim organization nu .
3	judo is a java - based integrated development environment designed for children and beginning computer programmer .
13	rife is a content management framework designed for rapid web application development in java , without using j2ee .
6	people seeking refuge from flood in java .
17	it is found in southern queensland and from coastal new south wales to central australia and on java .
3	a specimen from java is the type species of the genus .
24	that state met its demise in the mid-16th century , however , and banjar was not required to send tribute to new power in java , the sultanate of pajang .
9	although c + + , c # , and java share the same keyword volatile from c , there is a great deal of difference between the semantics and usefulness of volatile in each of these programming languages .
12	it is a delicacy commonly found in javanese and sundanese cuisine of java , indonesia , and often consumed as snack .
4	qvcs-enterprise is written in java .
11	wisemapping is a free mind mapping web based application written in java , svg and html5 .
27	a ganesha statue from the 1st century ad was found on the summit of mount raksa in panaitan island , the ujung kulon national park , west java .
12	a gujarati ship has been depicted in a sculpture at borabudur , java .
13	however , this failed too and it was subsequently directed to anjer , java .
7	technology the mashape platform is built in java and play framework while the api proxy is open source and built in node.js .
23	the library is accessible from several computing environments , including standard languages such as c , c++ , fortran , visual basic , java , f# and c# , as well as packages such as matlab , r , labview and excel .
46	schenck 's modifications were retained and embellished by both schenck and others , and the game went on to be implemented on a range of different systems including the hp 2100 , hp 3000 , cp/m , commodore 64 , commodore amiga , and later in java for multiple platforms ( ratquest 20th year edition , 2002 ) .
47	16 january -- both engines of a boeing 737-3q8 operating as garuda indonesia flight 421 with 60 people on board flame out while the aircraft is flying through a thunderstorm with heavy rain and hail during an indonesia domestic flight from ampenan on lombok to yogyakarta on java .
1	in java , to execute a unit test from the command line , a class can have methods like the following .
1	in java , several factories are used in the package .
8	: rewrite/re-implementation/port of the zlib encoder into pure java and distributed under a bsd license .
24	from india he sailed in a junk to sumatra , visiting various ports on the northern coast of that island , and thence to java , to the coast ( it would seem ) of borneo , to champa ( indochina ) , and to guangzhou ( canton ) , at that time known as chin-kalan or great china ( mahachin ) .
18	he sailed his entire life , dying on a trading voyage to bantam , on the island of java in present day indonesia .
15	she departed cape of good hope 9 november with the expedition and arrived batavia , java , the day after christmas .
48	peristrophe tinctoria nees , peristrophe baphica ( spreng ) bremek. ; also called magenta plant , or lá cẩm in vietnamese ) is a flowering plant in the family acanthaceae , native to southeastern asia from assam south to sri lanka and east to mainland southeast asia , java , southern china , and taiwan .
55	properties and functions standard sql properties transbase supports all important functions of the sql standard : extensive transaction concept , complex queries with included subqueries , referential integrity ( primary keys , foreign keys , check constraints and others ) , set operations , updatable views , trigger , interface for c , c++ , java / jdbc , php , odbc export and import of data as well as database schema .
6	the game applet is written in java and is developed with j2se1 .4.2 .
20	on 27 february , hatsuyuki was assigned to '' operation j '' , covering landings of japanese forces in western java in the netherlands east indies , and was in the battle of sunda strait on 1 march , assisting in the sinking of the australian cruiser and the american cruiser .
50	collected by eighteenth-century boston merchants , traders , and researchers during their pacific voyages the 23,000 items of this collection include easter island tapa figures and carved wooden statues ; hawaii feather cloak and mahiole feather helmets ; maori carved whakairo door panels , bowls , and human figures ; java wayang shadow puppet ; and micronesia canoes and shell jewelry .
13	sleman ( ) is an indonesian regency ( ) on the island of java .
26	it professes to be the world 's largest online community of developer , dba , and architect using oracle products and computer-industry-standard technologies ( such as java , linux , and php ) .
34	during the first three voyages from 1405 to 1411 , the fleet followed the same basic maritime route : from fujian to the first call in champa , across the south china sea to java and sumatra , up the strait of malacca to northern sumatra for assembly of the fleet , across the indian ocean to ceylon , then along the malabar coast to calicut .
21	originally from bremen , germany , he is also a key member of the team that developed the bluej and greenfoot java learning environments .
14	rudolf ( or rudolph ) van eecke ( 23 october 1886 , buitenzorg , java - 24 december 1975 , leiden ) was a dutch entomologist .
8	the south central portion of the island of java ( one of the five largest in the indonesian archipelago ) had been affected by an eruption of mount merapi that began prior to the may 27 earthquake , but the special region of yogyakarta has experienced numerous other eruptions , earthquakes , and tsunamis , including the july 2006 pangandaran earthquake and tsunami that occurred just two months later .
18	he was commissioned as a pilot officer on 11 october 1940 and was killed at the fall of java in march 1942 , during the japanese offensives in the dutch east indies .
11	he was a dutch reformed pastor and worked with churches in java ( at the time a dutch colony ; modern-day indonesia ) , and also preached in goa on the indian subcontinent ( at the time a portuguese colony , now part of india ) .
5	technology aris express is a java based application , which shares some of the features of aris platform products such as aris business architect and aris business designer .
32	some of them developed elaborate and distinctive musical instruments , such as sasando string instrument of rote island , angklung of sundanese people , and the complex and sophisticated gamelan orchestra of java and bali .
16	on february 9 , 2007 , one was released playable on foma cell phones via a java program by ntt docomo .
13	it is known from india , thailand , peninsular malaysia , sumatra , java , borneo and sulawesi .
13	between 1945 and 1946 , he commanded the 5th indian division , in java and worked at the imperial defence college in 1947 .
27	the history of mataram area as the of heartland of central javanese medang kingdom , is also part of the historical yawadvipa or bhumijava ( land of java ) , and the whole classical javanese civilization .
17	it is found in malaysia ( sabah ) , indonesia ( sumatra , nias , kalimantan and java ) and the philippines .
9	neo4j is an open-source graph database , implemented in java .
11	it is an object-relational mapping ( orm ) solution for the java language , which simplifies storing objects in databases .
11	the feature is found in a limited way in for instance java and c + + , where a child class constructor always calls the parent class constructor .
0	java : javanese , sundanese , bantenese , betawi , tengger , osing , badui madura : madurese sumatra : malays , batak , minangkabau , acehnese , lampung , kubu kalimantan : malays , dayak , banjar sulawesi : makassarese , buginese , mandar , minahasa , buton , gorontalo , toraja , bajau lesser sunda islands : balinese , sasak the moluccas : nuaulu , manusela , wemale papua : dani , bauzi , asmat pribumi worldwide malaysia malaysia shares a border with indonesia and both countries share many aspects of their culture , including mutually intelligible national languages .
24	afrojavanica is a genus of moth in the family arctiidae with a curious disruptive distribution in north-east africa ( ethiopia ) and sundaland ( java ) .
32	current srms consist of four phases : coding phase ( 75 minutes ) : coders write programs to solve three short problems using a limited selection of languages ( currently c++ , java , c# , visual basic , and python ) .
13	in january 2006 , mas selamat was arrested by indonesian anti-terror squads in java and deported to singapore .
17	with the linux terminal , sagemathcloud also indirectly supports editing and running many other languages , including java , c / c++ , perl , ruby , and other popular languages that can be run on linux .
13	there were also 21 boxes of ethnographic material , a large collection from java , as well as gifts from scientists in many of the cities and ports visited by the expedition .
13	it is used to construct rich internet application ( ria ) using the java programming language .
40	under his rule , his regiment is said to have been a model of good order in the field and in cantonments , and whenever volunteers were called for , as in the cases of the expeditions to mauritius and java and the proposed occupation of macao , the 15th native infantry was always ready with double or treble its quota .
2	therefore some java based and closed package dependent application can not be installed .
5	the genus is known from java , borneo and the philippines .
18	standard mappings exist for ada , c , c++ , c++11 , lisp , ruby , smalltalk , java , cobol , pl/i and python .
16	the genus is found from thailand , myanmar ( burma ) , laos , vietnam , java and sumatra .
10	dieselpoint 's apis and search platform are written entirely in java to simplify implementation and enable interoperability within a range of environments .
18	applications have been developed in c , c++ , c# , perl , visual basic , vbscript , java , javascript and matlab .
20	custody battle in 1945 , with the end of world war ii , sergeant hertogh was released and returned to java , where he reunited with his wife .
29	the inscriptions tell that in the year 1208 saka , under the order of king kertanegara of singhasari , a statue of amoghapasa lokeshvara was transported from bhumijawa ( java ) to svarnabhumi ( sumatra ) to be erected at dharmasraya .
28	the district also includes villages built under the government transmigration program , which brought in residents from densely populated areas , such as the primarily muslim islands of java and lombok , and a small minority from the hindu island of bali .
5	for other languages , including java , fortran , and ada , llvm remains dependent on gcc .
16	it generates the core crud code in sql and the basic front end for php and java applications .
44	the turtle is found in eastern and southern india , bangladesh , burma , thailand , malaysia , cambodia , vietnam , eastern and southern china , singapore ( extirpated ) , the philippines ( luzon and mindanao ) and indonesia ( kalimantan , java and sumatra ) .
20	through its considerable naval power aceh dominated the melaka straits with the support from the malay sultanate johor and the java emporium japara .
14	creating an object to represent a function is cumbersome in object-oriented languages such as java and c++ ( especially prior to c + +11 ) , in which functions are not first-class object .
6	pogamut , a free platform for java ai development in games , developed by the charles university in prague , an open-source , cross programming language web platform for artificial intelligence research and education based on the book , developed by the national university of san luis ( argentina ) .
21	during the last years of his reign , kublai launched a naval punitive expedition of 20 -- 30,000 men against the java kingdom of singhasari ( 1293 ) , but the invading mongol forces were forced to withdraw by the majapahit dynasty after considerable losses of more than 3,000 troops .
29	software for software developers , brew mp is a full set of application programming interface ( api ) that enables making software and applications in c , c++ , java , and is supported ( platform ) by an application-specific integrated circuit ( asic ) .
16	it is the seventh largest island in the world , and the second most populous after java .
5	x exposes its api in java , javascript , groovy , ruby , python , scala , clojure and ceylon .
23	a recent integrated development environment that supports ssp is cocovila a model-based software development platform for implementing domain specific languages and developing large java programs .
5	the tool kit will include java and python libraries , an r programming language plug-in for analysis , extensions for excel , the vistrails scientific workflow , and the kepler scientific workflow system .
17	despite being warned of an imminent uprising by chinese lieutenant que yonko , the military commander for java , bartholomeus visscher , dismissed the threat of the incoming chinese .
77	range woodcut from the fauna of british india , including ceylon and burma papilio helenus is found in sri lanka , southern and north-east india , nepal , bhutan , bangladesh , myanmar , thailand , laos , kampuchea , vietnam , southern china ( including hainan , guangdong province ) , taiwan , southern japan , south korea , ryukyu islands , peninsular and eastern malaysia , brunei , philippines , and indonesia ( sumatra , java , bangka , kalimantan , the lesser sunda islands except tanimbar ) .
8	modern object-oriented languages , such as c++ and java , support a form of abstract data types .
15	in basic , lisp - family languages , and c - family languages ( including java and c++ ) , operator = means '' less than or equal to '' .
20	he also worked on a systematic description of basidiomycetes such as merulius and fungi from vermont , siberia , and java .
12	hdf is supported by many commercial and non-commercial software platforms , including java , matlab / scilab , octave , idl , python , and r .
13	underway from fremantle on 16 december 1942 , she arrived off soerabaya , java , on 25 december .
22	paratoxodera cornicollis , common name giant malaysian stick mantis , is a species of praying mantis found in malaysia , sumatra , java , and borneo .
10	he received an order to hasten the invasion preparation toward java .
4	semeru a mountain in java , indonesia , named after sumeru .
29	he is the author of numerous widely used introductory textbook for more than 10 different programming language , including ada , basic , c , c++ , fortran , java , modula-2 , and pascal .
23	the bleeding toad , also known as the fire toad ( leptophryne cruentata ) , is a species of true toad endemic to java , indonesia .
21	similar gestures in other countries in indonesia , wai like gestures are in use in various parts of the country , java ( called sembah in the royal courts ) , lombok and bali , where hinduism and buddhism is or has been widely practiced .
49	implicit vs explicit use of futures may be implicit ( any use of the future automatically obtains its value , as if it were an ordinary reference ) or explicit ( the user must call a function to obtain the value , such as the get method of in java ) .
24	mps also provides many ide services automatically : editor , code completion , find usages , etc. existing languages base language - 99 % java reimplemented with mps .
4	it is available in java as the '' arraylist '' type and in python as the '' list '' type .
18	the submarine then patrolled in davao gulf through 8 february without any contacts and put into surabaja , java , on 12 february .
16	in the region of southern china , burma , thailand , malay peninsula , sumatra , java , lesser sunda islands , borneo ( sarawak , sabah , east kalimantan ) , philippines and sulawesi , the dysoxylum species is widely distributed , and is known as dysoxylum densiflorum ( meaning in latin : '' densely flowered '' ) .
42	species genus chiropodomys - pencil-tailed tree mice palawan pencil-tailed tree mouse , chiropodomys calamianensis taylor , 1934 , palawan and neighboring islands indomalayan pencil-tailed tree mouse , chiropodomys gliroides blyth , 1856 , mainland southeast asia , southeastern china , sumatra , java , and bali koopman 's pencil-tailed tree mouse , chiropodomys karlkoopmani musser , 1979 , mentawai islands large pencil-tailed tree mouse , chiropodomys major thomas , 1893 , borneo gray-bellied pencil-tailed tree mouse , chiropodomys muroides medway , 1965 , borneo small pencil-tailed tree mouse , chiropodomys pusillus thomas , 1893 , borneo † chiropodomys maximus , thailand † chiropodomys primitivus , southern china description species of chiropodomys have a body length of 7 to 12 cm , plus a tail of 9 to 17 cm .
13	finally , popular av pak had its origin from the kebaya worn in java , bali and sunda which retained strongly on embroidery like av pak .
21	now professing a desire to help others , the miracle man transports himself and the defenders to the poverty-stricken island of java , which he attempts to turn into a paradise .
8	jlab is a numerical computational environment implemented in java .
5	net with wse 3.0 , java , and with php .
32	combining and averaging information from various internet sites , langpop.com claims that in 2013 the ten most popular programming languages are ( in descending order by overall popularity ) : c , java , php , javascript , c++ , python , shell , ruby , objective-c and c# .
30	history the earliest example of using a javadoc-like syntax to document javascript was released in 1999 with the netscape / mozilla project rhino , a javascript run-time system written in java .
12	it is found in vietnam , malaysia and indonesia ( sumatra , java ) .
15	the tamil script of vatteluttu later evolved into old kawi script which was used in java , the philippines , and bali as well .
52	language support automation is available for a variety of languages , including , but not limited to : abap c c++ ( with compiler com support , or with libraries like mfc or atl ) visual basic and visual basic for applications delphi microsoft .net languages apl ( most windows versions ) java ( only with third-party tools ) jscript and vbscript open object rexx perl php powerbuilder python ruby ( via the ` win32ole ' library included in the standard ruby 1.8 .
20	in 1941 he was called for submarine duty by the dutch navy and was assigned to admiral 's headquarters on java where he stayed until the arrival of the japanese .
3	it is a java application , so it can run in windows , mac os x , and linux .
23	users can get up to speed quickly on the most critical technologies affecting their profession , like open , industry-standard technologies such as java , linux , soa and web service , web development , ajax , php , and xml , as well as learn about ibm 's software products ( websphere , rational , lotus , tivoli and db2 ) .
37	during the japanese occupation of indonesia , sulawesi along with much of eastern indonesia was administrated by the imperial japanese navy which sought to suppress local republican and nationalist movements in contrast to the army-dominated occupations of java and sumatra .
14	distribution areas where the tree is native include burma , sumatra , borneo , java , kalimantan , malaysia , sulawesi ( indonesia ) , western new guinea , and the philippines .
42	feature summary rife is composed out of a large collection of modular parts , which include : web application engine , integrated web continuation , inversion of control support bidirectional multi-format template engine ( xhtml , html , xml , sql , java , text file , ... ) support for template content transformation through for example xslt , content management framework , centralized meta-data facility , authentication framework , jdbc abstraction layer , database query builders , persistence layer , configuration framework , central application life-cycle management , cron - like scheduler , asynchronous mail queue , content syndication framework , resource abstraction , web service .
5	it adds exploit blocking for java and botnet protection .
8	this form of mosque architecture is common in java , sundanese , and malay cultural sphere in indonesia and malaysia .
9	some widely used modern programming languages , such as java and python lack the goto statement -- see language support -- though most provide some means of breaking out of a selection , or either breaking out of or moving on to the next step of an iteration .
9	in 1905 singapore and sumatra were added , with java and the philippines added in 1906 .
8	net syntax and lexical conventions are similar to java in that both are derived from c .
9	rice bowl in southeast asia indonesia the plains of java are considered the rice bowls of indonesia .
30	it is widespread through much of southeast asia , native to yunnan , assam , andaman islands , cambodia , laos , myanmar , thailand , vietnam , borneo , java , lesser sunda islands , malaysia , philippines , sulawesi .
19	cloudsnap is a free and open source software released under the terms of the lgpl license and written in java .
12	another species of long pepper , piper retrofractum , is native to java , indonesia .
37	time zones the keeping of standard time is divided into three time zone : western indonesian time/wit ( indonesian : waktu indonesia barat / wib ) ( utc+7 ) wib is observed in islands of sumatra , java , provinces of west kalimantan and central kalimantan central indonesian time/cit ( waktu indonesia tengah / wita ) ( utc+8 ) wita is observed in islands of sulawesi , bali , provinces of east nusa tenggara , west nusa tenggara , east kalimantan and south kalimantan eastern indonesian time/eit ( waktu indonesia timur / wit ) ( utc+9 ) .
7	the yoix interpreter is implemented using standard java technology without any add-on packages and requires only a sun-compliant jvm to operate .
17	denpasar court official nengah sanjaya said the 3-page appeal would be sent to a cilacap , central java court .
7	the sakai project 's software is a java - based , service-oriented application suite that is designed to be scalable , reliable , interoperable and extensible .
14	japan in september 1689 , kaempfer reached batavia ; spent the following winter studying java natural history , and in may 1690 set out for japan as physician to the voc trading-post in nagasaki .
5	the c , c++ and java front ends produce generic directly in the front end .
21	after earning a solutions expert certification from microsoft and working as an it consultant , he launched in 2002 , a java consulting company which has grown to become one of the largest software delivery and product companies in france with over 150 j2ee engineers .
12	application nucaptcha apis are currently available in php , .net , and java .
7	staffing the racecourse were bawean settlers from java in indonesia .
16	the ibloc application programming interface ( api ) enables the creation of customized iblocs from pre-coded java - based components available on the internet .
29	code generation and reverse engineering bouml can automatically generate code from the uml class diagram and rebuild them from existing source code using the following languages : c++ , java , php , mysql .
1	a java port of the game is also currently available for compatible mobile phone .
6	his vocal advocacy of ruby over java has garnered wide criticism .
29	it is widely distributed in southern asia ( including pakistan , nepal , china , india , burma , thailand , vietnam , malaysia and indonesia : sumatra , java ) .
18	early life tjio ( whose name is pronounced chee-oh ) was born to chinese parents in pekalongan , java , then part of the dutch east indies and later known as indonesia .
18	in may 1876 he enlisted as a soldier in the dutch colonial army to get free passage to java in the dutch east indies ( now indonesia ) .
9	meanwhile , from the peak of mount muria in java , the boy 's father was secretly watching over his son clairvoyantly .
22	distribution and status historically , the white-winged duck was widely distributed from north-east india and bangladesh , through south east asia to java and sumatra .
20	before co-founding marimba , polese spent more than seven years with sun microsystems and was the founding product manager for java when it launched in 1995 .
11	the following apis are possible for the database access : a java - based framework ( ajo ) , a simple proprietary 4gl language ( fo ) , apis in c , c++ , c# , vb , vba as well as the standard interfaces odbc and sql .
5	it is reportedly naturalized in java , malaysia and costa rica .
17	distribution e. spelaea is found in india , china , southeast asia , philippines , sumatra , java and borneo .
5	rhododendron album is native to java ( indonesian jawa ) , indonesia .
7	gemstones and other merchandise from thailand and java were traded in the delta and through it .
18	it has been remixed by crazy frog , and used in a sample game in sun microsystems ' java midp software development kit .
12	parrott operated in the netherlands east indies archipelago until the fall of java , participating in two major engagements -- the battle of makassar strait ( 24 january 1942 ) and the battle of badoeng strait ( 20 february 1942 ) .
29	prior to 2001 , he was the co-founder and chief technology officer for a leading-edge p2p software company where he was granted two u.s. patent and co-wrote a massive java codebase .
9	external interfaces include native object binding for c++ , java , ejb , activex , and .net .
30	it is found in large parts of the pacific rim including the marquesas , rapa iti , fiji , the new hebrides , the kermadec islands , the solomons , java and malaya .
20	the mobile 3d graphics api , commonly referred to as m3g , is a specification defining an api for writing java programs that produce 3d computer graphics .
8	the functionality of allegrograph is made available through java , python , common lisp and other apis .
24	besides the himalayan region , the species also occurs naturally in china in guangxi , xizang and yunnan , also in myanmar and in java , sumatra and malaysia .
1	across java , indonesia , the storm produced moderate to heavy rains .
29	distribution the twin-barred tree snake is found in thailand , malaysia ( malaya , penang island , pulau tioman , and east malaysia ) , indonesia ( bangka , java , mentawai archipelago , nako , natuna archipelago , nias , riau archipelago , sumatra , borneo ) ; brunei darussalam ; burma and singapore .
29	most of the native speakers ( around 3 million ) are concentrated in south sulawesi , indonesia but there are small groups of buginese speakers in the island of java , samarinda and east sumatra of indonesia , sabah and malay peninsula , malaysia and south philippines .
12	acrocercops argodesma is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from java , indonesia .
4	it is found on java and sulawesi and in australia .
26	the various ` traditional ' styles of painting on modern bali are derived from the kamasan style , which in turn takes it patterns from ancient java .
18	this black-and-white film included several keroncong songs , and was partly shot in the preanger region of west java .
18	this includes actionscript , ada , blitzmax , c++ , c# , d , ecmascript , eiffel , java , ml , object pascal ( e.g. delphi , free pascal , and the like ) , powerbuilder , objective-c , ocaml , php ( as of version 5 ) , pl/1 , pl/sql , prolog , python , realbasic , ruby , scala , seed7 , tcl , visual prolog and most .net languages .
8	it emerged in the late 19th century in java .
8	the agreement recognized de facto indonesian sovereignty over java and sumatra and called for the establishment of a federal united states of indonesia .
9	there was a king of yavabhumi ( yava or java ) , who was the ornament of the sailendra dynasty , whose lotus feet bloomed by lustre of the jewels in the row of trembling diadems on the heads of all the princes , and whose name was conformable to the illustrious tormentor of brave foes ( vira-vairi-mathana ) .
43	the synod of javanese christian church or sinode gereja-gereja kristen jawa ( gkj ) which founded on february 17 , 1931 is a mutual bond of javanese christian churches amounting 307 churches in 32 chapters spreading in 6 provinces in the island of java .
3	uportal is a java - based framework for creating enterprise web portal .
25	history major changes : may 1999 , aviator 2d/3d interactive maps ( dhtml interface and activex / opengl plug-in ) august 2000 , 2d maps java based interface , search for slovenian addresses , restaurants , ... may 2001 , astronomy , aviator 2d/3d was removed ( reason : support of ms ie only - criticism of netscape users ) february 2002 , information kiosk system support may 2003 , weather viewer modules added july 2004 , new design , more applications are running simultaneously june 2005 , satellite imagery , maps and search for geographic entities worldwide added september 2006 , georss feed added june 2007 , experimental video geo-search funding a private company academa ltd is funding the geabios project entirely from its own sources .
3	consider the following java code : linkedlist list ; list = new linkedlist ( ) ; list .
4	it is written in java and licensed under affero general public license license .
16	three b-17s were released and were allowed to depart for mindanao , but were diverted to java , netherlands east indies , where they were assigned to evacuated 19th bg components that were operating from singosari airfield .
14	prelude of the chambered is a short first-person dungeon crawler videogame entirely written in java .
3	keyser died in java the following year but his catalogue of 135 star , probably measured up with the help of explorer-colleague frederick de houtman , was delivered to plancius , and then those stars were arranged into 12 new southern constellation , letting them be inscribed on a 35-cm celestial globe that was prepared in late 1597 ( or early 1598 ) .
18	he has worked on programming language design and implementation ( fortran , mesa , euclid , c++ , java ) , interactive programming systems , dynamic interpretation and compilation , document preparation systems , user interface design , distributed transactional file systems , and distributed , object-oriented operating systems .
20	ford and his crew successfully flew over 31,500 miles to home via gladstone , australia darwin , australia surabaya , java trincomalee , ceylon karachi , british india bahrain khartoum , sudan leopoldville , belgian congo natal , brazil port of spain , trinidad and tobago new york , arriving january 6 , 1942 .
75	some of the features : program analysis program transformation generation of interactive programming environments ( ide ) visualization of parse trees pretty printer generation components : metastudio , the ide pgen parse table generator scannerless glr parser ( sglr ) for parsing terms over sdf grammars sglr parser generator for sdf asf , allows term rewriting and automatic generic tree traversals aterms for generic data representation apigen , generates strongly typed api in c and java toolbus architecture for connecting the various tools the toolbus is a component interconnection architecture ( somewhat like d-bus or corba ) based on a process algebra formalism .
15	hooijer was born in medan on sumatra , but spent his youth in bogor on java .
21	it is believed that the predecessor of the keris first appeared in the 13th century , originally from the island of java in indonesia .
37	internals libvirt supports several hypervisor and is supported by several management solutions libvirt itself is a c library , but it has bindings in other languages , notably in python , perl , ocaml , ruby , java , and php .
5	from there he went to java , where he met and married , in november 1946 , cornelia '' corrie '' ronteltap , who had been a prisoner in various japanese camps .
10	it is still found in parts of central and east java today .
11	range they are found in malaysia , hawaii , india , java , korean peninsula , philippines , new guinea , southern china , taiwan , vietnam , west sumba , honshu , shikoku , kyushu , okinawa , taiwan .
3	xwiki is a java - based wiki engine with a complete wiki feature set ( version control , attachments , etc. ) and a database engine and programming language which allows database driven applications to be created using the wiki interface .
10	afrs stations broadcast from the islands of new guinea , java , and borneo in the dutch east indies as the allies moved into the gilbert islands and bismarck archipelago to the east .
12	the language borrows concepts familiar to anyone using statically typed languages like java , cobol , c , etc. .
16	in programming languages that include a distinct boolean data type in their type system , like java , these operators return true or false , depending on whether the conditional relationship between the two operands holds or not .
26	earlier versions of the compiler were written in a subset of x for which there existed some other compiler ; this is how some supersets of java , haskell , and the initial free pascal compiler are bootstrapped .
6	it offers features for development in java , xml , sql and pl/sql , html , javascript , bpel and php .
3	for example , java developers working with financial applications might benefit from built-in support of monetary values .
27	airlangga ( also spelled erlangga ) , regnal name rakai halu sri lokeswara dharmawangsa airlangga anantawikramottunggadewa ( born 991 in bali , indonesia -- died 1049 in java ) , was the only raja of the kingdom of kahuripan .
12	unlike the other mac os x server applications , it is a java application , and can run on operating systems other than mac os x , including windows and linux .
23	however , beginning in 1936 the dutch colonial government sent javanese migrants to colonise the area , which served to relieve overpopulation on java , and mitigate the influence of indonesian independence activists .
9	he was born in surabaya on the island of java , where he reported he experienced a mystical vision as a child of two .
9	the japanese authorities brought 600 labourers to tarakan from java .
5	'' children studying koran in java during colonial period .
7	in january 2013 , st announced full java support for stm32 f2 and f4-series chips .
19	he received his education at the university of utrecht , and following graduation ( 1867 ) , traveled to java in the dutch east indies .
10	other adventures his adventures expanded even further from australia to java and then to easter island .
8	jgnash can be used on any platform supporting java runtime environment .
23	as early as 1629 , the dutch east india company was carrying some passengers on the ill-fated batavia from texel in holland to java .
7	in 1905 and 1906 neisser traveled to java , in order to study the possible transmission of syphilis from apes to humans .
30	c. scleronemus occurs in the pahang river basin of peninsular malaysia , the baram , barito , kapuas , and rejang river basins of borneo , citarum river basin of java , and the batang hari and siak river basins of sumatra .
6	one project which focuses on the java platform is called jport and is accessible from the web site .
42	the british had long maintained a naval presence in the region , but the outbreak of the napoleonic wars in 1803 diverted much of the british strength in the indian ocean to the dutch colonies of the cape of good hope and java and the french bases on île bonaparte and île de france , leaving the persian gulf and arabian sea largely undefended .
11	mpu gandring was a famous keris maker , a type of java knife .
3	he died in java ( now part of indonesia ) in 1617 on a voyage to the east indies .
25	hotjava ( later called hotjava browser to distinguish it from hotjava views ) was a modular , extensible web browser from sun microsystems implemented in java .
7	treub 's worked with tropical flora on java and organised the botanical gardens at buitenzorg ( bogor , indonesia ) as a world-renowned scientific institution of botany .
17	while primarily written in c++ , scilab bindings and bindings generated with swig ( supporting python and java for now ) are also available .
15	habitat and distribution this species grows on dead wood in tropical locales like indonesia ( java and sumatra ) , and india ( sri lanka ) , where it is prolific in some areas .
15	the differences between the more bureaucratic and legalistic dutch colonial state and the traditional agrarian java state that relies heavily on personal relation called for the need of intermediaries or power-brokers .
4	it is endemic to java and bali in indonesia .
15	series 40 series 40 is a phone platform used in feature phone , mainly running java - based applications .
4	after a trip to java and mecca beginning when he was sixteen , he became a religious scholar in deli , east sumatra , then in makassar , south sulawesi .
20	yacc has also been rewritten for other languages , including ocaml , ratfor , ml , ada , pascal , java , python , ruby , go and common lisp .
23	it has a rich set of features , libraries for constraint logic programming , multithreading , unit testing , gui , interfacing to java , odbc and others , literate programming , a web server , sgml , rdf , rdfs , developer tools ( including an ide with a gui debugger and gui profiler ) , and extensive documentation .
17	this architecture allows application to be built up from a mixture of code written using php , java , groovy or the flow language .
24	duyfken replica , swan river willem janszoon made the first recorded european landing on the australia continent in 1606 , sailing from bantam , java in the duyfken .
20	history the type species ( entopolypoides macaci ) was described by mayer in 1934 in a macaca irus monkey from java .
19	it extended as far as china , indonesia ( where more than 100,000 people succumbed on the island of java alone ) and the caspian sea before receding .
4	completion saleh returned to java in 1851 after a lengthy period studying in europe , during which he had claimed a familial relationship to the guerrilla and protested his treatment at the hands of the dutch colonial administration .
22	the mouse-deer are restricted to southeast asia from far southern china ( south yunnan ) to the philippines ( balabac ) and java .
5	infinitydb is an all - java embedded database engine that is deployed in handheld devices , on servers , on workstations , and in distributed settings .
9	it is found in india , burma and on java .
24	in july 2011 , kopassus and chinese special forces held a joint counter terrorism exercise called exercise sharp knife , held in bandung , java .
6	it is found in pakistan , java and northern borneo .
16	) here , scala is shown clearly behind a first-tier group of 11 languages ( including java , c , python , php , ruby , etc. ) , but leading a second-tier group .
9	this module uses a subset of sun microsystems ' java programming language instead of parallax 's pbasic .
6	simplej is free software written in java by gerardo hovilleur , jorge vargas and elmer garduno , that emulates a simplified computer on a pc : a retro-style video game console which lets the user understand how a computer works and write their own video game programs with ease .
12	later editions from the late 1990s and the 2000s used c++ and java , reflecting a fundamental shift in how computer science was taught .
6	the dutch later introduce it to java .
5	eve community - a hosted java / mysql based community system targeted towards enterprise customers .
1	in java , the bark is used for bloody diarrhea or dysentery .
11	distribution this species can be found in borneo , sumatra , java and in the malay peninsula .
26	nxtgcc nxtgcc is a gcc toolchain for programming the nxt firmware in c. lejos nxt lejos nxj is a high level open source language based on java that uses custom firmware developed by the lejos team .
27	they occur mainly in warmer to intermediate , humid climates of the foothills of the himalayas , in myanmar , thailand , malaysia , the philippines , java and borneo .
14	in computer programming , particularly in the c , c++ , c# , and java programming languages , a variable or object declared with the volatile keyword usually has special properties related to optimization and/or threading .
7	technology dspace is a set of cooperating java web applications and utility programs that maintain an asset store and an associated metadata store .
2	and in java .
6	example for example , the following java code causes the simplenlg system to print out the text the women do not smoke .
17	first , the languages that do not support anonymous functions c , pascal , object pascal , java are all conventional statically typed languages .
8	scavis is a free numerical framework written in java which includes data visualisation .
3	like c# and java , fantom uses a curly brace syntax .
10	range southern burma , the malay peninsula , sumatra , java , nias and borneo .
67	career tretikov introduced to wmf employees , wikimedia foundation : introduction by sue gardner 0 : 00 -- 6 : 40 , remarks by tretikov 6 : 40 -- 18 : 45 , q & a 18 : 45 -- 36 : 00 in 1999 tretikov started her professional career at sun microsystems , as an engineer at the sun-netscape alliance , where she worked on the java server .
17	c. annae was described in 1916 based on a plant cultivated at the bogor botanic gardens in java .
14	the flowchart can be converted to several major programming languages such as c# , java , visual basic .net and python .
9	plotting extensions for the languages perl , python and java are also supported for most operating systems .
9	gridworld is a computer program case study written in java for use with the ap computer science program .
32	rushin 's essay -- how we got here -- spanned 24 pages and remains the longest-ever article published in a single issue of s.i. at the magazine , he filed stories from java , greenland , the india - pakistan border and other far - and near-flung locales .
16	jython , successor of jpython , is an implementation of the python programming language written in java .
4	it is written in java and currently is under active development .
12	compsomantis crassiceps is a species of praying mantis found in borneo and java .
22	meganthropus is a name commonly given to several large jaw and skull fragments found at the sangiran site near surakarta in central java , indonesia .
9	the game provides the atmosphere of the island of java on a hexagonal board .
14	a gangsa is a type of metallophone which is used mainly in balinese and java gamelan music .
20	it is native to a region from bangladesh east to hong kong , south through much of southeast asia to java .
14	aspectj is an aspect-oriented programming ( aop ) extension created at parc for the java programming language .
18	the parade , which began in jakarta on april 12 , 2008 , was to make stops across java in the cities of rengas dengklok , cirebon , pekalongan , semarang , rembang , tuban and surabaya , before ending in monas , jakarta , on may 20 , 2008 .
15	gremlin is a domain-specific language hosted in groovy language which itself is a superset of java .
9	the hindu majapahit empire is founded by kertarajasa in java .
22	late in december the remaining bombers and some men were evacuated to australia , and in january 1942 they were moved to java to help delay the japanese advance in the netherlands indies .
15	paleontology october -- eugène dubois finds the first fragmentary bones of ) , or ' java man ' , at trinil on the solo river .
3	for instance : java , pascal , ada and c require all variables to have a declared type , and support the use of explicit casts of arithmetic values to other arithmetic types .
7	demak established as first islamic sultanate of java .
13	exmaralda is based on the open standards xml and unicode and programmed in java .
12	kebatinan , also called kejawen , agama jawa and kepercayaan is a java religious tradition , consisting of an amalgam of animistic , hindu - buddhist , and islamic , especially sufi , beliefs and practices .
29	google codef is a career event and mentoring program organized by google for female undergraduate computer scientist who have foundational coding skills in at least one of c++ , java or python .
13	other indonesian areas gradually adopted islam , making it the dominant religion in java and sumatra by the end of the 16th century .
6	testdox is a documentation generator for java to create an overview of test case methods written for the junit unit testing framework presented as full sentences .
7	it was named after the island of java .
17	distributed data flows serve a purpose analogous to variables or method parameters in programming language such as java , in that they can represent state that is stored or communicated by a layer of software .
10	the predominant paradigm for concurrency in mainstream languages such as java is shared memory concurrency based on monitors .
59	plot summary after an animated introduction about the history of extinct species ( e.g. the quagga , the great auk and the dodo ) it has gone to 60 countries and territories ( including turkey , spain , germany , poland , australia , borneo , chile , spitzbergen , new zealand , papua new guinea , india , java , usa , and peru ) on all continents and to the most famous national parks .
43	the company 's army had first joined forces with the royal navy during the seven years ' war , and the two continued to cooperate in arenas outside india : the eviction of napoleon from egypt ( 1799 ) , the capture of java from the netherlands ( 1811 ) , the acquisition of singapore ( 1819 ) and malacca ( 1824 ) , and the defeat of burma ( 1826 ) .
22	lethe confusa museum specimens from malaya , showing upperside the himalayas , shimla to sikkim , assam into myanmar and extending to java .
7	it is endemic to the islands of java and bali in indonesia .
11	this bot , known as hipcrime 's activeagent , was a java applet which allowed anybody with a web browser to send mass volumes of unsolicited e-mail messages .
31	the structure of vpcode , the virtual processor 's machine code , is intended to be able to represent the constructs required when compiling languages such as c , c++ and java , and to allow efficient translation into the machine code of any real 32 - or 64-bit cpu .
37	during the early years of the dutch colonisation of the east indies ( modern-day indonesia ) , many people of chinese descent were contracted as skilled artisans in the construction of batavia on the northwestern coast of java ; they also served as traders , sugar mill workers , and shopkeepers .
21	on 11 march 1816 by the last advice from batavia , john relieved sir thomas stamford raffles as lieutenant governor of java , an island which is now a part of the republic of indonesia .
9	the university which is located in magelang , central java , indonesia , was founded on august 31 , 1964 .
9	jgroups is a reliable multicast system written in the java language .
12	ein beitrag zur kenntnis der malaiischen strandfauna , 1920 -- polychaetes of java and amboina .
25	the opencl standard defines host apis for c and c++ ; third-party apis exist for other programming languages such as python , julia , or java .
24	it is nowadays primarily a software development laboratory , specializing in transaction and message processing ( cics , mq ) , information management , java , and .
9	neuroph is an object-oriented neural network framework written in java .
45	many critical z/os functions and services depend on unix system services and would never be able to function otherwise , including the z/os management facility , xml parsing and generation services , openssh , the ibm http server for z/os , the z/os sdk for java , and some z/os pki services as examples .
14	on 25 february , the third battleship division provided cover for air attacks on java .
15	the javan slow loris ( n. javanicus ) is native to the indonesia island of java , whereas the bornean slow loris ( n. menagensis ) can be found on borneo and nearby islands , including the sulu islands in the philippines .
19	following the outbreak of war with japan , i corps was shifted to the far east , arriving in java in january 1942 .
12	pagedangan is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
19	it is found in the terai of india , in myanmar , thailand , w borneo , sumatra and java .
7	he was mentioned in darmagandhul , a java spiritual story .
25	on 29 december 1941 wilkes and his headquarters staff were forced to evacuate from corregidor island in the submarine , and headed for surabaya , java .
4	it is found on java , bali and kangean island .
0	java is the development language of talend 's products and services .
19	with his family , he runs an islamic school ( pesantren ) , and is a well-known export of java folk arts , and a consultant for the regional office of the indonesian ministry of culture and education .
23	the isyana dynasty , rulers of the kingdom of medang , was a dynasty of the hindu medang kingdom on the island of java .
12	by the 14th century po-ni also fell under the influence of the java majapahit empire .
16	distribution this species can be found in the forests of cambodia , china , india , java , laos , myanmar , sri lanka , thailand and vietnam .
38	in early 1942 , hatsukaze participated in the invasion of the netherlands east indies , escorting the invasion forces for menado , kendari and ambon in january , and the invasion forces for makassar , timor and eastern java in february .
6	the type specimen was collected off java and is deposited at the zoologisches museum of the universitat hamburg .
30	the project consists of : the rabbitmq exchange server itself gateways for http , streaming text oriented messaging protocol ( stomp ) , and mqtt protocols amqp client libraries for java , .net framework , and erlang .
27	bronchocela jubata , or more commonly known as the maned forest lizard , is an agamid lizard found mainly in indonesia on the islands of singkep , java , bali , sulawesi , karakelang , salibabu ; nias island , singkap island , borneo ( kalimantan ) also in thailand , cambodia and philippines .
31	other side trades included chile copper from valparaíso , scrimshaw ( whale teeth ) , tortoise shells and meat from the galápagos islands , sugar from manila , and , from java , areca nut ( so-called betel nuts ) and coffee bean .
14	acrocercops barringtoniella is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from india and java , indonesia .
26	this species was originally described by william wilson saunders in 1851 under the misspelled name eudioptes indica ( properly : eudioptis ) , using specimens from java .
1	in java and sumatra it exists solely in national parks .
2	like all java apis that interface with host systems , jndi is independent of the underlying implementation .
8	this species occurs in thailand , malaysia , java and sumatra .
8	a 1979 phreatic eruption on the island of java killed 140 people , most of whom were overcome by poisonous gases .
27	openfire ( previously known as wildfire , and jive messenger ) is an instant messaging ( im ) and groupchat server that uses xmpp server written in java and licensed under the apache license 2.0 .
15	ibm urges customers to migrate their often highly complex applications to e-business technologies such as java in a platform-neutral manner .
37	after her father died , admiral hajji mahmud ( admiral zheng he ) of ming china decided to make her brother the new chieftain of palembang , so she left palembang and went to gresik in east java to preach her religion to the natives .
0	java literature has a very large historical component .
9	it is found in the sundaic region , in java , madura island , bawean , kangean island , nusa penida , bali and lombok , parts of sumatra , and the western slopes of mount kinabalu on sabah , borneo .
9	maven is a build automation tool used primarily for java projects .
11	in 1811 , leyden joined lord minto in the expedition to java .
4	as his fleet approached java , during the invasion , his transport , the ryujo-maru , was sunk by torpedo , probably by friendly fire , in the battle of sunda strait and he was forced to swim to shore .
48	a world war i ( 1914-1918 ) jat army officer 's brass button - from the famous 9th jat regiment an elite-fighting unit of the jat regiment the regiment saw a great deal of fighting in north africa , ethiopia , burma , malaya , singapore , and java - sumatra .
24	he remained in the far east after the war , serving as a political officer with the 5th battalion of the parachute regiment in java , under laurens van der post .
12	acrocercops eurhythmopa is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from java , indonesia , as well as sierra leone .
6	multidimensional arrays in languages such as java , python ( multidimensional lists ) , ruby , visual basic .net , perl , php , javascript , objective-c , swift , and atlas autocode are implemented as iliffe vectors .
15	ametys is a free and open source content management system ( cms ) written in java .
5	product capabilities programming languages : java webmethods flow webmethods dsp ( dynamic server pages ) c/c + + sql ( via graphical adapter services ) protocols/standards ( core ) : http / https ftp / ftps ( ftps from 6.5 onwards ) webservices / soap & rest jms xml json ldap smtp oauth 2.0 protocols/standards ( additional packages ) edi/flatfiles xslt ediint rosettanet microsoft .
9	the differences between fortran , c , and even java , although considerable , are ultimately constrained by all three being based on the programming style of the von neumann computer .
17	elvy sukaesih ( born june 25 , 1951 ) is one of the most popular singers in java , indonesia , and has been dubbed the queen of dangdut .
32	leaving new york on 30 june , niagara called in porto grande , cape verde islands ; são paulo-de-loande ( now luanda ) , angola ; batavia ( now djakarta ) , java ; and hong kong .
23	it is endemic to the low-elevation forests of southeast asia , specifically burma/myanmar , thailand , and the indonesia islands of sumatra and java .
8	this version of the game was developed in java and is compatible with the majority of modern cellular phones .
9	it is found on sumatra , peninsular malaysia , java and borneo .
1	the java and c# programming language specifications require that the compiler report a compile-time error if the analysis fails .
8	on 20 june the ship reached semarang , java , and conrad signed off on 1 july .
27	afterwards he returned to breslau as an assistant to dermatologist albert neisser ( 1855-1916 ) , under whose direction he participated on a medical research mission to java ( 1907 ) .
34	the fanged river frog , javan giant frog , malaya wart frog , or stone creek frog ( limnonectes macrodon ) is a species of frog in the dicroglossidae family endemic to sumatra and java , indonesia .
4	from the island of java in indonesia , the instruments of the gamelan are treated with respect and reverence , and played on a regular basis to maintain their physical and spiritual life .
26	the official implementation is available in a variety of languages such as c , c++ , c# , d , erlang , go , haskell , java , javascript , lua , ocaml , perl , php , python , ruby , scala and smalltalk .
2	alternatively , java computer programs are compiled ahead of time and stored as a machine independent code called bytecode .
62	subspecies there are six subspecies of amphidromus perversus : amphidromus perversus perversus ( linnaeus , 1758 ) amphidromus perversus butoti laidlaw & solem , 1961 amphidromus perversus emaciatus ( von martens , 1867 ) amphidromus perversus melanomma ( pfeiffer , 1852 ) amphidromus perversus natunensis fulton , 1896 amphidromus perversus rufocinctus fruhstorfer , 1905 distribution distribution of amphidromus perversus include sumatra and java to borneo , sulawesi and bali .
3	they came from java in the dutch east indies ( modern indonesia ) .
14	with over 2,800 attendees in 2006 , javapolis became the biggest vendor - independent java conference in the world .
14	sepiella ocellata is a species of cuttlefish known only from the type locality off java .
7	and the boats did not steer for java , to the east of sumatra , but toward the port of muntok on bangka island , off the east coast of sumatra .
12	this tiny squirrel is found in forests in borneo , sumatra and java .
15	the chola empire established vast tamil influence across south east asia region across indonesia , java , bali and sumatra .
24	lisa is a production-rule system implemented in the common lisp object system ( clos ) , and is heavily influenced by clips and the java expert system shell ( jess ) .
18	based on the terms of the agreement , the eastern half of the sultanate of mataram in central java was given to pakubuwono iii with surakarta as its capital , while the western half was given to prince mangkubumi with its capital in yogyakarta .
10	2005 a massive power blackout hits the indonesia island of java , affecting almost 100 million people , the one of the largest and most widespread power outages in history .
20	one species , d. planata , has also been observed in sri lanka , the andaman islands , seychelles , java , great coco island , and fiji ; however , this species has expanded its range by being transported through human activity .
14	history in its early days , sulake developed and experimented with an open source java based gnu called fuse light , an alternative to macromedia 's flash .
3	according to the java wayang puppet tradition , tara ( dewi tara ) is the apsara daughter of indra and his wife wiyati .
38	link time optimization is relevant in programming languages that compile programs on a file-by-file basis , and then link those files together ( such as c and fortran ) , rather than all at once ( such as java 's '' just in time '' ( jit ) compilation ) .
18	the genus ' type species , described by carl ludwig blume in 1825 , is dendrochilum aurantiacum of java and sumatra .
17	this shark is found in the western pacific ocean , from southeastern japan to vietnam and northwestern java , at depths between 50 and 100 m. females can reach a length of 65 cm .
3	southeast asia ( java ) was reached about 1.7 million years ago ( meganthropus ) .
30	merapi , primarily developed by roundarch , serves as a messaging bridge between applications that run in the adobe flash player , or adobe air , and applications written in java .
10	the ap exam currently tests students on their knowledge of java .
34	being in possession of a time travel device , drake must return to the past and do battle in five areas over a 100-year period that covers world war i - era greece , java in the 1940s , the united states in the 1960s , siberia in the 1990s , and the near future ( 2016 ) .
6	it has also been implemented in java and on the web .
10	there are differences in that even though the as/400 supports java and c++ , as/400 objects can not be inherited like the classes in those languages .
5	a message consumer is a java interface for distributed systems .
12	phyllocnistis voutei is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from java , indonesia .
4	hidayatullah was exiled to java , but antasari , together with prince miradipa and tumenggung mancanegara , defended tundakan fort on 24 september 1861 .
8	malay sailors were recruited to guide them through java , the lesser sunda islands and the ambon island to banda islands , where they arrived in early 1512 .
29	this long-term , strategic policy contrasts with the gyorin ( kyorin ) ( neighborly relations ) diplomacy in dealings with jurchen , japan , ryukyu kingdom , siam and java .
4	his squadron returned to java on 18 january , missing out on the battle of singapore .
41	the term is a portmanteau of the terms bookmark and applet , however , an applet is not to be confused with a bookmarklet , just as script written in javascript is not to be confused with a script written in java .
13	around 1997 , james gosling , another sun fellow and the inventor of java , added the eighth fallacy .
10	these technologies automate a number of defect prevention practices for java , c and c++ , and .net .
44	kanjeng gusti pangeran adipati arya mangkunagara viii ( born in kartasura , 7 april 1925 ; died in surakarta , 2 august 1995 at the age of 70 years ; came to power in 1944 ) was the last ruler of mangkunegaran , in java , in modern indonesia .
7	a magnitude 6.0 earthquake struck south of java , indonesia on april 24 at a depth of 100.0 km .
17	srivijaya 's influence spread over all the coastal areas of sumatra and the malay peninsula , western java and western borneo , as well as the rest of the malay archipelago .
4	it 's written in java and xml , and has an extensible architecture integrating several web and peer-to-peer technologies , with a hypersonic sql ( hsql ) back-end database for content exchange and search engines .
21	most of the operators available in c and c + + are also available in other languages such as c# , java , perl , and php with the same precedence , associativity , and semantics .
15	bogoria is a genus of epiphytic orchids native to insular southeast asia ( borneo , java , sumatra , new guinea and the philippines ) .
16	in 1924 , he was manager of the ifa team that went on a tour to java , then part of dutch east indies and presently indonesia starting with los angeles olympic games in 1932 , he was manager or coach of the indian team or contingent to many sports events in europe and america .
6	in other languages , such as java , the order of evaluation of operands and function arguments is explicitly defined .
3	languages such as java , javascript , html , css , c++ , etc. basics of digital media like all digital medium it is absolutely crucial for users to be able to get to know the basics of the systems before they can create any media such as animations , graphics or any data visualisations .
19	it has built-in syntax highlighters for c / c++ , delphi / pascal , fortran , 80x86 assembler , java , javascript , visual basic , perl / cgi , html , sql , python , php , tcl / tk , and its own syntax highlighter definition language .
40	the chinese chronicles suggest that after jayavarman i of chenla died around 690 , turmoil ensued which resulted in division of the kingdom into land chenla and water chenla which was loosely ruled by weak princes under the dominion of java .
24	geologically considered a continental crustal fragment , it lies alongside the sunda shelf , and is the largest in a cluster of islands between java and new guinea .
28	french indochina was added , along with borneo -- most of which had already been captured by australian forces , under the south west pacific command -- and java .
2	tengström visited java in 1849 where he discovered several new species of lepidoptera .
10	leptopanorpa is a genus of scorpionflies that is endemic to java , with one species also occurring in sumatra .
0	java offers the interface to support sets ( with the class implementing it using a hash table ) , and the sub-interface to support sorted sets ( with the class implementing it using a binary search tree ) .
23	the dutch did not interfere in local matters in malacca , but at the same time diverted most trade to its colonies on java .
20	it is found in the north-eastern himalaya , vietnam , thailand , as well as on malacca , sumatra , java and borneo .
10	in 1926 he was offered an opportunity to sail to java , by his friend olga whose brother-in-law was on the island .
5	he arrived in batavia , java on 15 may 1811 and immediately involved himself in efforts to strengthen the colony 's defenses .
9	it forms the middle portion of the island of java .
0	java , formerly jawa dwipa .
28	for instance , in private correspondence the same year that the origin of the family was published , engels attacked european colonialism , describing the dutch regime in java directly organizing agricultural production and profiting from it , '' on the basis of the old communistic village communities '' .
4	ovirt is written in java , over wildfly , the former jboss , application server and gwt web framework for its user interface .
16	men shi or meng-qi ( 孟琪 ) , one of his ministers who was sent to java , was not well received there .
10	according to a well known google employee , c++ , java , python and ( more recently ) go are favored over other programming languages .
16	the earthquake was felt as far away as the malay peninsula and the eastern part of java .
10	bupati had been regional lords under the pre-colonial monarchies of java .
6	software , a tool written in java which implements mva .
10	current projects full robot projects open-source software nxj an open-source java programming environment for the lego nxt robot kit ( robotics software developed by jpl as part of the mars program .
27	concerned for the threat to their own ships , the dutch placed the reef on their charts , but '' exactly south of the western extremity of java according to the statements made by the english sailors '' .
19	the butterfly also occurs in west and central china , yunnan , peninsular malaysia , sumatra , borneo , java , japan , and possibly bali and lombok .
5	it can be implemented with java , microsoft .net , or c , eliminating the need to use a microsoft windows based platform of earlier opc versions .
4	this article compares the java and android api and virtual machine .
9	x-smiles is an experimental xml browser written in the java programming language , which means that it can be used on a wide range of devices and platforms .
6	a reporter at the yogyakarta , java , daily newspaper bernas , he published a series of articles on corruption in the bantul regency in the months before his death .
22	documentaries and dramas were filmed at various locations such as tahiti , bora bora , new zealand , rarotonga , australia , java , cambodia , japan , and others .
9	dwr , or direct web remoting , is a java open source library that helps developers write web sites that include ajax technology .
29	bromheadia , abbreviated as brom in horticultural trade , is a genus of about 29 species of orchid native to the region stretching from myanmar and vietnam south to java and east to new guinea and the philippines , with a few species extending to sri lanka and queensland .
22	in 1863 conscientious scruples obliged him to resign his charge , and busken huet , after attempting journalism , went out to java in 1868 as the editor of a newspaper .
56	geographic range reticulated pythons are found in southeast asia from the nicobar islands , northeast india , bangladesh , burma , thailand , laos , cambodia , vietnam , malaysia , and singapore , east through indonesia and the indo-australian archipelago ( sumatra , the mentawai islands , the natuna islands , borneo , sulawesi , java , lombok , sumbawa , sumba , flores , timor , maluku , tanimbar islands ) and the philippines ( basilan , bohol , cebu , leyte , luzon , mindanao , mindoro , negros , palawan , panay , polillo , samar , tawi-tawi ) .
9	coverity dynamic analyzer is a tool used to analyze java source code .
2	includes a java alternative to the trec eval tool , capable of performing significance tests over pairs of runs .
28	while the trams were replaced with buses in the post-colonial era , long-distance railways continued to connect the city to its neighbouring regions as well as cities throughout java .
21	the bedhaya ( also written as bedoyo , beḍaya , and various other transliterations ) is a sacred ritualized dance of java , indonesia , associated with the royal palaces of yogyakarta and surakarta .
14	it is found in thailand , japan , taiwan , china , india , java and new guinea .
17	species nothybus acrobates frey , 1958 -- vietnam and laos nothybus biguttatus v.d. wulp , 1896 -- java nothybus decorus de meijere , 1924 -- sumatra nothybus kempi ( brunetti , 1913 ) -- india and laos nothybus lineifer enderlein , 1922 -- sumatra nothybus longicollis ( walker , 1856 ) - malaysia nothybus longithorax rondani , 1875 - borneo nothybus sumatranus enderlein , 1922 -- sumatra nothybus triguttatus bezzi , 1916 -- the philippines there are additional known but undescribed species from papua new guinea and the solomon islands .
4	native to india , java , and the philippines .
30	the dutch ruled malacca from 1641 to 1798 but they were not interested in developing it as a trading center , placing greater importance to batavia ( jakarta ) on java as their administrative center .
12	algorithm is suitable for coding in most of the programming languages like java , tcl , python or j .
26	background in 1804 , at the start of the napoleonic wars , a powerful french squadron operating from batavia harbor on the dutch island colony of java attacked a large and valuable british merchant convoy sailing from china near the straits of malacca in the battle of pulo aura .
27	rumours spread that the deportees were not taken to ceylon at all but were instead thrown overboard as soon as they were out of sight of the java coastline , provoking unrest in the chinese community .
4	there is also a java - based gui version of the program called jhymn .
13	fokke was renowned for the speed of his trips from the netherlands to java and was suspected of being in league with the devil .
18	object-oriented programming later , object-oriented language ( like simula , smalltalk , c++ , c# , eiffel and java ) were created .
16	amantis reticulata is a species of praying mantis found in myanmar , malaysia , sumatra , java , borneo , and palawan .
10	the platform can also be extended using labkey server 's java , javascript , r , python , perl and sas client libraries .
60	rear-admiral sir edward pellew , commander of the british royal navy in the eastern half of the indian ocean at madras in british india in the eastern half of the indian ocean was now able to concentrate on a major threat to british shipping in the region ; the dutch squadron based in the dutch east indies , specifically on java at the port of batavia .
53	bok continued as an emeritus professor at the university of arizona , and he participated in or led several groups to view solar eclipse , including a trip to the eclipse near bratsk in siberia in july 1981 and his last eclipse trip to what he called his '' spiritual home '' of java to view a totality that passed near the town of salatiga in june 1983 .
6	beschuppte laubknospen in den immerfeuchten tropenwäldern java .
15	currently these are lua , c , c++ , python and the jvm languages like java and groovy .
10	significant sugarcane railways still operate in cuba , fiji , java , the philippines , and queensland .
7	the kings of kalinga , siam and java had to periodically mount expeditions to put down malay and bugis pirates operating in the strait of malacca and throughout maritime southeast asia .
3	in python , java and the .net framework , strings are immutable objects .
9	distribution this species can be found in india , java , laos , malaysia , thailand and myanmar .
49	this enables you to develop gui applications that can run on windows 95/98/me / nt/2000/xp / ce , linux , freebsd , solaris , mac os x ( w/x11 ) , btron , t-engine , mu-clinux ( wo/x11 ) in various programming languages such as c / c++ , java , perl , ruby , python , ocaml .
11	william dampier william dampier made voyages from weymouth to newfoundland , java , jamaica and honduras .
7	58 % of the population lives in java , the world 's most populous island .
27	uss merapi ( af-38 ) was an acquired by the u.s. navy for service in world war ii , named after mount merapi , the mountain in java , indonesia .
13	overseas expansion currently oldtown has 10 outlets in indonesia in areas such as java and bali and plans to triple the number of outlets it has by five years .
39	emma-based tools includes code coverage support from its own and an emma plugin sonarqube emma plugin enables usage of emma analyses within the code quality management platform sonarqube serenity serenity is an open source toolkit for measuring and reporting java code coverage .
25	friedman and felleisen wrote three more '' little '' books in the 1990s : the little ml , the seasoned schemer , and a little java , a few patterns .
3	features vaadin uses java as the programming language for creating web content .
27	typically , members of a jug support each other through : regular meetings ( e.g. monthly ) mailing lists a collaborative website or wiki study groups for java certification exams like other technology user groups , many jugs cover costs by meeting in educational or community spaces ( e.g. university lecture halls ) and/or asking local companies to sponsor individual meetings .
7	in about 1395 , the raja of java gave two elephants to the ruler raja baginda of sulu .
44	jackson structured programming ( jsp ) is a method for structured programming based on correspondences between data stream structure and program structure lepus3 is an object-oriented visual design description language and a formal specification language that is suitable primarily for modelling large object-oriented ( java , c++ , c# ) programs and design patterns .
80	crinum asiaticum is native to southern china , hong kong , jeju-do in south korea , india , nansei-shoto ( ryukyu islands ) , ogasawara-shoto ( bonin islands ) , mainland japan , taiwan , assam , bangladesh , india , the maldive islands , sri lanka , the andaman & nicobar islands , cambodia , laos , myanmar ( burma ) , the paracel & spratly islands , thailand , vietnam , mauritius , borneo , cocos island , java , lesser sunda islands , peninsular malaysia , sulawesi , sumatra , philippines , christmas island , the bismarck archipelago , new guinea , norfolk island , australia , fiji , new caledonia , samoa and vanuatu .
31	the blue-banded kingfisher ( alcedo euryzona ) , also called the javan blue-banded kingfisher , is a species of bird in the alcedinidae family that is endemic to the island of java in indonesia .
6	a preview of fbreaderj ( the java port ) for google android was released on april 13 , 2008 .
14	sql/olb , or object language bindings , is a standard for embedding sql in java , commonly known by its prior name as sqlj ( part 0 ) .
9	the software is compatible with blackberry , iphone , java , android , symbian and windows mobile devices .
13	it is found in thailand , korea , japan , taiwan and eastern java .
21	distribution , ecology and conservation parochetus communis is native to the himalaya and other asian mountain systems as far south as java , and also the afrotropical mountains .
14	godiva ( go al - di rected va ) is an extension to the java programming language supporting goal-directed evaluation of expressions .
15	routing prinses amalia was one of the earliest steamers to operate in the amsterdam - java service ( inaugurated by smn in 1871 ) , spending her entire service life on this route .
23	) 10 million and the number had the tendency to stay , until the next intervention , in a small-language wikipedia such as java wikipedia , the readership rate dropped the minute the number of contributors dropped .
4	it was located near java , then under japanese occupation .
12	tmate was a software revision control plugin for intellij idea , a java integrated development environment .
18	other emulators include vcc , jeff vavasour 's coco emulators and mocha , a web-based emulator written in java that can emulate a coco 2 inside a web browser .
15	the history of champa was one of intermittent conflict and cooperation with the people of java , the khmer of angkor in cambodia and the đại việt of what is now northern vietnam .
22	with a population of about 61 million people in 2011 , it is the third-most populous island in the world , after java ( indonesia ) and honshū ( japan ) .
18	on may 5 , 2005 , news reports broke that a new case of polio was diagnosed in java , indonesia , and the virus strain was suspected to be the same as the one that has caused outbreaks in nigeria .
23	this solution combines a fully native design with systems expertise to create a storage system that runs the solaris operating system and leverages java development tools to drive a closer integration between compute and store assets in a data center .
5	oracle magazine named him '' java developer of the year '' in 2002 for his work with the struts framework and oracle jdeveloper .
2	moved to java in the dutch east indies an attempt to stop the japanese advance , however the small force of b-17s could do very little to stem the tide of the japanese advance , launching valiant but futile attacks against the masses of japanese shipping and returned to raaf townsville in early march .
19	beginning in the 1990s , she authored a series of instructional texts on web publishing , html , and java .
13	where procedural programming is necessary , it can be done in c , java and jpl , a user-friendly 4gl scripting language .
37	xml schema is used to specify deployment descriptors , replaces dtds ejb 2.0 , final release ( 2001-08-22 ) - major changes : overall goals : the standard component architecture for building distributed object-oriented business applications in java .
24	as of version 10.1 , these include : ansi c , c++ , css , fortran ( through fortran 95 ) , html , java , javascript , jsp , lasso , object pascal , objective-c , objective-c++ , perl , php , python , rez , ruby , setext , sql ( including transact-sql , pl/sql , mysql , and postgresql ) , tcl , tex , unix shell scripts , xml , and yaml .
36	pspad has many software development - oriented features , such as syntax highlighting and hex editing , and is designed as a universal gui for editing many languages including php , perl , html , and java .
8	games are played in a browser with the java - plugin or flash .
3	celtix delivers a java enterprise service bus ( esb ) runtime and set of api that make it easy to add transports , message formats , and security features .
5	campers learn about c++ or java .
21	siege of batavia was a military campaign led by sultan agung of mataram to capture the dutch port-settlement of batavia in java .
6	it is found on malacca , java , sumatra and lombok .
4	the mongols land on java , taking the capital , but it proves impossible to hold .
2	transported to java , netherlands east indies in january 1942 , he was then sent to sumatra on 14 february , where he helped organise the evacuation of allied troops from oosthaven .
6	is a lightweight api written in java .
12	its territories cover several areas like the maluku islands , minahasa , java , sumatra , east nusa tenggara .
19	source code is written in one or more programming language ( such as c , c++ , c# , java , python , smalltalk , javascript , etc. ) .
1	the java implementation of sax is considered to be normative .
18	with the assistance of documents collected by the old east india company , he completed a map of java in five sheets , accompanied by sailing directions ( amsterdam , 1842 ) .
9	similar libraries have appeared for php , python , java , erlang , coldfusion and objective-c .
12	after world war ii the no . 31 squadron raf moved to java .
11	many programs using functions from c , such as perl and java , two programming languages widely used in web development , incorrectly treated this value as the last two digits of the year .
12	the situation was desperate and it had to move to palembang on java where the squadron collapsed through lack of spares and was dispersed by 10 march 1942 .
16	because of sumbawa 's natural resources , it was regularly invaded by outside forces -- from java , bali , makassar , dutch and japanese .
12	the group consisted of ten members of parliament , all elected from java .
10	the affandi museum is a museum located in yogyakarta on java , indonesia .
37	mnogosearch is a crawler , indexer and a search engine written in c and licensed under the gpl ( \* nix machines only ) norconex http collector is a web spider , or crawler , written in java , that aims to make enterprise search integrators and developers 's life easier ( licensed under gpl ) .
41	1857-1858 ship surgeon on the corvette carolin , and escort to the frigate sms novara , sailing to gibraltar , madeira , teneriffe , brazil , cape of good hope , benguela , luanda , ascension island , cape verde , java , singapore , thailand , vietnam , china , japan , hawaii , south america , as escort to the frigate '' novarra '' .
19	in the 1990s , translation into p-code became a popular strategy for implementations of languages such as python and java .
10	jenkins is an open source continuous integration tool written in java .
0	java implementation , named jtexy , is under development .
10	in the early 20th century , the dutch colony of java became a leading exporter of coca leaf .
10	the software has been created by eric hakenholz , in java .
17	it is known from japan , china , thailand , india , sri lanka , borneo , java , malaysia , mauritius and south africa .
12	it contains the single species sicciaemorpha ivyalba , which is found on java .
24	duta wacana christian university ( dwcu ) or universitas kristen duta wacana ( ukdw ) is a private university in yogyakarta , central of java island , indonesia .
15	this sentiment led to the establishment of state-sponsored conservatories and academies of music in both java and bali during the 1950s and 1960s , with similar schools established in sumatra and sulawesi during the 1970s .
7	from 1896 to 1900 he worked in java .
9	the church reports more than 16,000 members living in java , bali , sumatra and kalimantan .
45	g.a. siwabessy graduated from high school ( mulo ) in kota ambon in 1931 , where his grades were high enough to earn a scholarship funded by the government of the dutch east indies to nias ( dutch indies medical school ) in surabaya on java .
1	prime java paddy yields roughly 6 metric tons of unmilled rice ( 2.5 metric tons of milled rice ) per hectare .
36	it is found in sri lanka , india , nepal , burma , thailand , eastern and southern china , taiwan , japan ( the ryukyu archipelago ) , peninsular malaysia , indonesia ( sumatra , java , sulawesi ) and the philippines ( palawan ) .
100	other cities famous for its spanish colonial heritage are ciudad colonial of santo domingo , the port of cartagena , colombia , and old san juan latin america spanish colonial architecture in mexico spanish colonial architecture in colombia colonial architecture in peru philippines spanish colonial architecture in the philippines united states spanish colonial architecture in north america portuguese colonial architecture church of santo antónio ; b. 1498 , mozambique portuguese colonial architecture is most visible in brazil , madeira , north africa and sub-saharan africa , macau , malaysian city of malacca , city of goa , moluccas , and java india brazil examples of portuguese colonial architecture in brazil british colonial architecture westover plantation , an example of georgian architecture on the eastern james river , in virginia british colonial architecture are most visible in north america , british west indies , far east , and australia .
33	thailand controlled the malay peninsula as far as malacca in the 1400s and held much of the peninsula , including temasek ( singapore ) some of the andaman islands and a colony on java , but eventually failed when the british used force to guarantee their suzerainty over the sultanate .
5	the chinese indonesian population of java accounts for nearly half of the group 's national population .
27	it is also known from the batang hari and musi river drainages in sumatra , the pahang river drainage in peninsular malaysia , the citarum drainage in java , and the baram , rejang , kapuas , and barito river drainages in borneo .
5	it is originally written in java , but is now available in c , c++ and c# .
4	docear is written in java , licensed under the gnu general public license and based on the open source software freeplane and jabref .
52	the relationship between those sides was ambivalent : while legal and military power rested with the dutch government ( or , for a long time , with the dutch east india company ( commonly known as the voc , an abbreviation of the dutch ) under a governor general in batavia on java , the regents held higher protocollary rank than the white officials who supposedly advised them and held day-to-day sway over the population .
17	it is often compared with other historical temple complexes in southeast asia , such as borobudur of java in indonesia , angkor wat of cambodia , bagan of myanmar and ayutthaya of thailand .
9	in the late 1990s , brown worked as a java programmer for recor in evanston , illinois .
10	in march 1942 , while supporting fleet operations off of java in the dutch east indies , one of kirishima s floatplanes bombed an enemy merchant vessel .
24	the ship was one of six dutch ships joined with australian corvettes in the sunda strait auxiliary patrol attempting to prevent japanese infiltration of java by small craft .
6	the language later evolved to become java .
10	the new airport provides domestic terminal facilities serving destinations in java , bali and sumbawa .
17	javanese court gamelan is a recording of the gamelan of the paku alaman court in yogyakarta , java , indonesia .
18	the type specimen was collected by botanist pehr osbeck on a sandy beach area on the island of java , later to be described ( and given the original name of mammea asiatica ) by carl linnaeus in his species plantarum in 1753 .
6	some examples of such languages are java , c++ , c# , vb.net , and many scripting language , such as python and ruby .
25	10 -- 15th century many chinese merchants chose to settle down in the southeast asian ports such as champa , cambodia , sumatra , and java , and married the native women .
36	it is equipped with a 2-megapixel camera with built-in flash , a front vga camera to allow video calling , fm radio , bluetooth , digital music player functionality , and support for 3d symbian , java games and other s60 2nd edition software .
4	most populous island : java .
12	it is native to thailand , malaysia , myanmar , borneo , java , and sumatra .
13	itext is an open source library for creating and manipulating pdf files in java .
42	by the year 750 ad , debal was second only to basra ; sindhi sailors from the port city of debal voyaged to basra , bushehr , musqat , aden , kilwa , zanzibar , sofala , malabar , sri lanka and java ( where sindhi merchants were known as the santri ) .
11	it is located on the eastern part of the island of java and includes the neighbouring islands of madura , and the kangean , sapudi , bawean , and masalembu groups .
13	it contains only one species , aeolosma celata , which is found on java .
31	client software amarok : kde audio player banshee : multi-platform audio player clementine : multi-platform audio player cdex : microsoft windows cd ripper ieatbrainz : mac os x deprecated jaikoz : java mass tag editor max : mac os x cd ripper and audio transcode mp3tag : windows metadata editor and music organizer musicbrainz picard : cross-platform album-oriented tag editor musicbrainz tagger : deprecated microsoft windows tag editor puddletag : a tag editor pyqt under the gplv3 rhythmbox music player : audio player for unix-like systems sound juicer : gnome cd ripper foo musicbrainz component for foobar 2000 : music library/audio player beets : automatic cli music tagger/organiser for unix-like systems .
2	both the java programming language , and the c# programming language versions are compact and perst has been implemented on smart phones running the android and windows phone ( wp7 ) operating systems .
40	the exact syntax of action and guard expressions is n't defined in the uml specification , so many people use either structured english or , more formally , expressions in an implementation language such as c , c++ , or java .
5	foreign robbers , perhaps from java , '' men living on food more horrible than cadavers , frightful , completely black and gaunt , dreadful and evil as death '' had arrived in ships , had stolen the jewelry and had broken the linga .
12	phyllocnistis temperatior is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from java , indonesia .
9	second civil war after the british seizure of dutch java in 1811 , relations between aceh and the british became increasingly strained .
6	all provinces in the island of java including major cities such as : bandung , surabaya , jakarta , semarang and yogyakarta .
8	jrdf is an open source rdf framework for java .
32	smartsheet - online spreadsheet for project management , interactive gantt , file sharing , integrated with google apps thinkfree online calc as part of the thinkfree office online office suite , using java spreadsheets that are parts of suites ability office spreadsheet - for ms windows .
37	flanagan suggests the use of the developer 's own domain name , dotted segments reversed , as a single global name to publish that is very likely to be unique , in the style developed in the java language .
12	the narrator grows up the child of a white dutch family on java , with oeroeg , a native young man ; as high-school students they live together in a boarding house .
41	medialib 2.5 contains about 4000 files and 2.4 million lines of code , and contains more than 3000 functions for different areas : algebra matrix image graphics signal processing video audio speech volume rendering open source applications that use medialib include java , jds for solaris , mplayer , ffmpeg , and ogle .
12	both newspaper pieces indicated that fuller had spent a period painting in java ( at that time part of the dutch east indies ) , although when this occurred is not clear , and such a visit is not mentioned by mcfarlane .
29	the cape dutch cookery style owes at least as much to the cookery of the slaves brought by the dutch east india company to the cape from bengal , java and malaysia as it does to the european styles of cookery imported by settlers , and this is reflected in the use of eastern spices and the names given to many of these dishes .
34	in early 1942 , lamb 's battalion and several other units were returning to australia on board the ss orcades , but once the ship landed at batavia , they were ordered to defend java against japanese forces which had begun to move through the dutch east indies .
13	custom software instruments are developed for the ensemble primarily using the chuck and java programming languages .
3	features supports : java , c / c++ , objective-c , c# , php , flex , groovy , javascript , python , pl/sql , cobol , etc. ( note that some of them are commercial ) can also be used in android development .
20	kdevelop has supported a variety of programming language , including c , c++ , perl , python , php , java , fortran , ruby , ada , pascal , sql , and bash scripting .
23	data acquisition applications are controlled by software programs developed using various general purpose programming languages such as basic , c , fortran , java , lisp , pascal .
17	actual power , however , was exercised by dutch general dirk van hogendorp , former governor of java , who was appointed governor of vilnius .
14	ldtp can test any accessibility-enabled gnome application , mozilla , openoffice.org , any swing-based java , qt 4-based and kde 4 .
27	in 1405 , under the ming dynasty , tan sheng shou , the battalion commander yang xin ( chinese : 杨欣 ) and others were sent to java 's old port ( palembang ; chinese : 旧港 ) to bring the absconder liang dao ming ( chinese : 梁道明 ) and others to negotiate pacification .
18	sven nilsson completes ornithologia suecica ( 1817 -- 1821 ) thomas horsfield describes new species of birds from java in 1821 .
2	on the java side : enterprise javabean ( ejb ) specification describes the responsibilities of an ejb container , which must support such enterprise features as remote procedure calls and transaction management .
23	cirebon ( formerly referred to as cheribon in english ) is a port city on the north coast of the indonesia island of java .
12	indonesian national route 14 starts from semarang on the north coast of java and ends at yogyakarta to the south .
13	this is a list of named passenger train of indonesia which run on java and are operated by the national railway company pt kereta api .
4	.class -- used in java coff ( no suffix for executable image , .
37	drawing in ink by kazan watanabe , c. 1826 heinrich bürger ( or : heinrich burger ) ( hamelin , 29 february 1804 , or 7 november 1804 , or 20 january 1806 , - indramayu ( java ) 25 march 1858 ) was by birth a german physicist , biologist and botanist employed by the dutch government , and an entrepreneur .
3	daisy is a java / xml open-source content management system based on the apache cocoon content management framework .
12	a lancaster - registered ship named the dallam tower was wrecked off java in march 1889 with a cargo of coal from newcastle .
3	java-like language is java 5.0 implementation with business user extensions .
37	tsesarevich nicholas alexandrovich in siam with crown prince maha vajirunhis ( left ) and king chulalongkorn ( right ) , march 1891 leaving ceylon on 31 january , the expedition continued to singapore , the island of java and bangkok .
15	the company provides client libraries that enable integration with android , ios , javascript , java , objective-c and node.js applications .
6	at server side , there were java based web services that ran to serve the client processes and to provide data from the relational database in the backend .
39	scope = '' row '' style = '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' indian ocean style = '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' passing just north of providence atoll , passing just south of the islands of java , bali , nusa penida and lombok , - !
9	meal times traditional slametan ( thanksgiving ) meal in java during colonial period .
12	it is found in burma , perak , borneo , sumatra and java .
4	works the rhopalocera of java .
13	code programs in the book are presented in pseudo code with implementations in java , python , and lisp available online .
37	llvm allows code to be compiled statically , as it is under the traditional gcc system , or left for late-compiling from the if to machine code in a just-in-time compiler ( jit ) fashion similar to java .
8	a common , notorious example is found in java and c# .
20	when singapore fell , he escaped on the troopship empire state , which came under attack before safely arriving in java .
13	the undersea cable was finished earlier than expected , with the line from java reaching darwin on 18 november 1871 and being connected the following day .
2	sumatra , java , and the surrounding islands are converted to buddhism .
4	jbnd is a pure java library made to ease the creation of programs that present data stored in persistent sources to end users .
42	the average speed improvement is typically in the 1.5-4x range , making python performance close to languages such as smalltalk and scheme , but still slower than compiled languages such as fortran , c or some other jit languages like c# and java .
10	for example , using the eclipse ide to code in java , a developer can just type in the first letter if lowercase and the uppercase letters from a type/variable name then press ctrl + space to be offered all the choices that match the entered letters that are valid for the current context ( class name , interface name , variable or field names ) .
20	applications applications ( '' apps '' ) , that extend the functionality of devices , are developed primarily in the java programming language using the android software development kit ( sdk ) .
4	audiveris is written in java and published as free software under the terms of the gnu general public license ( gpl ) .
13	later that year , stirling chartered the parmelia to bring food supplies from java .
6	it is a concept used in java gamelan music , describing melodic tempo and relationships in density between the balungan , elaborating instrument , and gong structure .
11	in 2000 , dan hettena at uc berkeley ported nachos to java as nachos 5.0 j , in an effort to make nachos more portable , more accessible to undergraduates , and less susceptible to subtle bugs in student code that had in earlier versions often dominated student project development time .
4	it is found on java , sumatra , sulawesi and northern borneo .
18	according to the manuscript '' pustaka rayja-rayja i bhumi nusantara '' , the first kingdom in javadwipa ( java island ) is salakanagara ( lit : country of silver ) .
12	the captured guerrillas were placed on the evertsen to be transported to java ; they were meant to be used as slave labor on the coffee plantations there .
5	mandarax is an open source java class library for deduction rule .
7	products renderx 's main product is a java - based xsl-fo formatting engine called xep , which converts xsl-fo documents to printable form ( pdf or postscript ) .
8	these traders settled along the northern coast of java , but there is no documentation of their settlements beyond the 16th century .
21	the southern plans called for : attacking malaya and hong kong , and following with attacks against the bismarck archipelago , java , and sumatra .
12	mauk is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
6	it is found on borneo , java and sumatra .
10	in despair , zainuddin and his friend muluk go to java , first to batavia and then to surabaya , where zainuddin becomes known as a writer and philanthropist .
17	apache vxquery ( or versatile xquery ) is a standards-compliant xml query processor that is implemented in java .
7	there are third-party reimplementations of figlet in java ( including one embedded in the jave ascii art editor ) , javascript and php .
27	code used citeulike is written in tcl , with user contributed plugins in python , perl , ruby and tcl ; some additional modules are written in java ; data is stored using postgresql there is no api but plugins can be contributed using subversion .
11	it is a graphical browser game implemented on the client-side in java or html5 , and incorporates 3d rendering .
37	in early 1942 , hayashio participated in the invasion of the netherlands east indies , escorting the invasion forces for menado , kendari and ambon in january , and the invasion forces for makassar , timor and java in february .
39	the sunda strait the sunda strait bridge ( , jss , jembatan selsun , sometimes referred to in english-language reports as the ssb ) is a planned road and railway megaproject between the two indonesia islands of sumatra and java .
7	the technology takes the form of a java application which is downloaded to the user handset via cellular wireless networks .
15	today , the most commonly used programming languages that have specific constructs for concurrency are java and c# .
14	he was granted leave of absence to visit the botanic garden at buitenzorg in java , where he stayed for five months and did pollination studies .
13	taxonomy the chestnut-breasted malkoha was first described from a specimen collected in western java by english naturalist george shaw in 1810 as cuculus curvirostris , before the genus phaenicophaeus was erected by english naturalist james francis stephens in 1815 .
15	permainan-tabal is a two-player abstract strategy board game from indonesia specifically from the island of java .
13	examples of popular high-level programming languages today may include c++ , c , java , python , visual basic , delphi , perl , php , ecma script , ruby and many others .
10	this was the last significant area of temple building in java before the island 's courts were converted to islam in the 16th century .
16	venturesoft 's systems integrated with global distribution system that included worldspan using an early version of java .
6	later she moved to surabaya , java , and from there made night patrols with cruiser and and destroyers of division 58 , including the battle of badoeng strait on 4 february 1942 .
6	he was born in cianjur , java .
5	bhattacharya was dispatched first to java , where over the next two months he was able to obtain some limited funds , albeit no armaments .
21	thus , the designer can use higher-level programming languages that do not allow the programmer much control over size ( e.g. java , c++ , smalltalk ) .
32	language support some ides support multiple languages , such as gnu emacs based on c and emacs lisp , and eclipse , intellij idea , myeclipse or netbeans , all based on java , or monodevelop , based on c# .
12	acrocercops diffluella is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from java , indonesia , and selangor , malaysia , as well as india , papua new guinea , and the solomon islands .
9	therefore the javanese considered the mahabharata epic happened in java .
12	will follow the '' write once , run anywhere '' philosophy of java .
19	the dutch government persisted in its attempt to smuggle the seeds , and by the 1930s dutch plantations in java were producing 22 million pounds of cinchona bark , or 97 % of the world 's quinine production .
6	batavia , on the island of java , target of the british force in mid-1811 crawford commissioned the 38-gun in late 1810 and sailed for the east indies in february 1811 .
21	with a crew of 120 portuguese and 60 slaves they were guided by malay pilots , recruited to guide them through java , the lesser sunda islands and ambon island to the banda islands , where they arrived in early 1512 .
35	features antenna built-in handsfree umts and gsm triband - 900/1800/1900 mhz wap 2.0 / xhtml browser data compatible via usb cable or bluetooth internal memory - 32mb microsd transflash external memory card up to 1gb java midp 2.0 syncml messaging : sms , mms , email , instant messaging .
10	the netherlands , also under criticism for their policies in java , sumatra and the eastern island , decided to make amends , and announced the establishment of an '' ethical policy '' .
12	increasing violence beginning in 1999 by gam rebels against government officials and java residents , buoyed by massive weapons smuggling from thailand by the gam , led to an increase in military presence .
18	talks have covered languages such as perl , python , php , ruby , groovy , scala , java , mono and c .
6	biouml workbench - this is a java application that can work standalone or as '' thick client '' for the biouml server edition .
10	the open source javolution library addresses these concerns for the java platform and native applications .
5	8th century pawon temple , java , indonesia .
17	he wrote that '' many big ships came from borneo , persia , qunglun ( indonesia / java ) ... with ... spices , pearls , and jade piled up mountain high '' , as written in the yue jue shu ( lost records of the state of yue ) .
9	this was followed in 1811 with an invasion of java , which cole planned and successfully executed .
13	the main carecast code-base is written in cobol , tal , c and java and runs on tandem/nonstop tandem computers hardware .
12	the dutch surrendered on march 8 , after japanese troops landed on java .
16	padilla javana is the only species of jumping spider in the genus padilla which occurs on java , with most others found in madagascar , and one in china .
7	singhasari was a kingdom located in east java between 1222 and 1292 ( today indonesia ) .
15	the medium endemicity in sumatra , kalimantan and sulawesi , whereas low endemicity is in java and bali which almost 100 percent of malaria cases have been confirmed clear .
5	it is primarily found in java .
22	the software developed by the ilog software company supports several software platforms , including cobol , c++ , c# , .net , java , ajax and adobe flex / air .
23	although a near miss by a bomb caused minor damage , sargo arrived safely at fremantle on 5 march with 31 passengers from java .
8	supported language environments javascript ruby python php perl java haskell .net supported databases mysql postgresql mongodb microsoft sql server supported frameworks openshift supports web-application frameworks by supporting each language 's preferred web-integration api , with no required changes to the actual framework code .
24	it is found in forest , woodland , mangrove , plantations and scrub in southeast asia , ranging from myanmar and thailand south to java and east to the philippines and the bird 's head peninsula in new guinea .
6	the language comes with an extensible java object model .
17	ormlite is an open source software framework that provides lightweight object relational mapping ( orm ) between java classes and sql database .
12	the service supports programing languages such as : ruby , python , java , scala , node.js , php , go on such databases as mysql , redis , postgresql , elasticsearch , memcached , sqlite 3 and mongodb on ubuntu .
19	related languages c has directly or indirectly influenced many later languages such as c# , d , go , java , javascript , limbo , lpc , perl , php , python , and unix 's c shell .
68	it is also reportedly naturalized in austria , portugal , spain , azores , canary islands , cape verde , madeira , most of tropical africa , ascension island , st. helena , madagascar , china , japan , taiwan , the bonin islands , india , assam , nepal , sri lanka , the andaman islands , cambodia , laos , thailand , vietnam , burma , java , malaysia , the philippines , christmas island , the bismarck archipelago , norfolk island , new south wales , queensland , fiji , tonga , vanuatu , kiribati , the cook islands , the society islands , the caroline islands and hawaii .
34	peta was an auxiliary force which contained of indonesians and was designed to bolster the amount of troops for the japanese and assist them in fighting the united states should they decide to invade java .
12	below is a list of the hereditary rulers on the indonesia island java , together with those of the adjacent island madura .
10	many bindings to it exist for programming languages such as java , matlab and r .
7	he is a muslim of minangkabau , java and hakka descent .
30	the time was one of great emotional turmoil for hamzah , who was required to marry the daughter of the sultan of langkat , who had funded his studies in java .
4	she then cruised to java to procure water , where she arrived on 27 september .
5	destinations include hong kong , java , taiwan , melbourne and li jiang and vary depending on availability and safety .
1	in java programming language , there exist '' reifiable types '' that are '' completely available at run time '' ( i.e. their information is not erased during compilation ) .
54	it would take however until 21 march 1619 when the decidedly less pacifistic jan pieterszoon coen would replace him as governor-general , before which time reael had fought the spanish in 1617 in the bay of manila , the english at bantam and in the mollucas , and the mataram sultanate at japara on java .
29	the idea of the north kalimantan was originally proposed by azahari , who had forged links with sukarno 's nationalist movement , together with ahmad zaidi adruce , in java in the 1940s .
15	third war patrol , february 1942 she arrived at soerabaja on the north coast of java on 2 february , her crew frustrated by their attempts to intercept enemy shipping , but with information on tides , currents , navigational aids , and japanese tactics .
11	november 13 , 2006 sun microsystems announces the release of its java technologies under the gnu general public licence by march 2007 .
13	by the end of september most of the prisoners recovered from singapore , java and sumatra had been returned to australia along with about half of those recovered from the bangkok area .
8	it is found in the mountains of eastern java .
7	sun microsystems 's multiple schema validator for java also provides relax ng support .
32	close relations with china were established in the early 15th century during the reign of parameswara when admiral zheng he ( cheng ho ) , a muslim chinese , visited malacca and java during his expedition ( 1405-1433 ) .
56	a consequence of syntactic abstraction is also that any lisp dialect and in fact almost any programming language can , in principle , be implemented in any modern lisp with significantly reduced ( but still non-trivial in some cases ) effort when compared to '' more traditional '' programming languages such as python , c or java .
18	at the end of february and into april , desron1 escorted the carrier striking force in attacks on java in the dutch east indies , and colombo and trincomalee in ceylon and against other targets in the indian ocean , including the royal navy aircraft carrier hms hermes .
14	additionally , more game engines are being built upon higher level languages such as java and c# / .net ( e.g. torquex , and visual3d.net ) or python ( panda3d ) .
27	the architectural features , particularly of the sculptures , were widely adopted in south india and also in the building of temples in cambodia , annam and java .
18	appscale is modeled on the app engine api and has support for python , go , php and java applications .
30	livistona saribus , commonly known as taraw palm , is a species of palm tree found in southeast asia ( cambodia , laos , thailand , vietnam , borneo , java .
9	afterwards , he conducted research as a naturalist on java , sumatra , celebes and the moluccas .
10	elephas hysudrindicus is a fossil elephant of the pleistocene of java and different from elephas maximus .
7	rainbow is an implementation of arc in java .
16	moreover , languages such as ada , objective-c , c# , delphi / free pascal , java , and swift allow multiple-inheritance of interfaces ( called protocols in objective-c and swift ) .
0	java the null reference value may represent an unsuccessful ( out-of-domain ) result .
6	chudori was born in indramayu , java , on december 24 , 1926 .
16	the submarine retired from her patrol area two days later , when she was ordered to java , netherlands east indies .
45	morfik technology pty ltd. , an australia company , is the developer of morfik , a set of visual designers , compilers and a framework combined in an integrated development environment ( ide ) aimed at developing ajax applications in a high-level language such as java , c# , basic or object pascal .
38	found in south and southeast asia , they range from bangladesh and northeast india in the west to the philippines in the east , and from the yunnan province in china in the north to the island of java in the south .
15	implementations implementations for linux , windows , solaris , osf1 and vxworks in c and java have been released under the gnu lesser general public license ( lgpl ) .
18	the road was intended to ease military support , e.g. transfer of soldiers , in order to defend java from possible british invasion .
7	balinese art is art of hindu - java origin that grew from the work of artisans of the majapahit kingdom , with their expansion to bali in the late 13th century .
18	double ikat is still endemic to guatemala , india , japan and indonesia : specifically : bali , java , kalimantan ( borneo ) and sumatra .
12	kosambi is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
35	on the server side , far-play 's engine is composed of an apache server which manages the system 's web interface , including the mobile and desktop versions of the far-play website , and a java - based rest framework for managing the database of nodes .
28	tables , triggers , columns , indexes are examples of database objects , which are present in o-pl/sql , but with the same meaning of the notion of java objects , specifically an element of a set that has its existence beginning from an instantiation of a class .
12	ardor3d is a scenegraph based 3d game engine , written entirely in java and utilizing opengl for high performance gaming and visualization .
8	it is endemic to the indonesia island of java .
20	this can be enforced either by convention , or by using a language feature such as the final keyword in java or the sealed keyword in c# .
26	their range is split into two parts ; one part is much of southeast asia ( northeast india , southern china , borneo , thailand , java and bali ) , the other part is extreme southern india and sri lanka .
9	oceania march 25 the inscription of sukabumi from eastern java marks the beginning of the javanese language .
8	some courses also included interactive web demonstrations in java , complete textbooks written by mit professors , and streaming video lectures .
2	in the java programming language , for example , an illegalstateexception might be thrown under these circumstances .
10	a shadow puppet representing semar semar is a character in java mythology who frequently appears in wayang shadow plays .
21	the first citeproc implementation used xslt 2.0 , but implementations have been written for other programming languages , including javascript , java , haskell , php , python , and ruby .
5	general wavell left singapore for java early on 11 february and sent a cable to british prime minister winston churchill in london on his assessment of the war front in singapore : by 12 february , the imperial guards had captured the reservoirs and nee soon village .
14	juniors take an online computer programming course called computer science that focuses in programming java .
34	in early 1942 , fumizuki was assigned to escorting troop convoys from french indochina for '' operation e '' ( the invasion of malaya ) and '' operation j '' ( the invasion of java , netherlands east indies ) , in february .
13	economy this regency is included in one of the largest industrial region outside java , especially with opening of liquid gas ' processing industry plants based on pt arun lng in lhokseumawe , 1974 .
12	kemiri is a district located in the tangerang regency of banten in java , indonesia .
6	origins some muslim mystics came to java from gujarat , india via samudera pasai ( part of what is now aceh ) .
14	transnusa also has current agreements with mandala airlines to feed traffic from ntb into java , medana and batam , with riau using a fokker f50 , and with pelita air service using a fokker f28 .
14	major landmasses on the shelf include the malay peninsula , sumatra , borneo , java , madura , bali and their surrounding smaller islands .
22	the javastation was a network computer ( nc ) developed by sun microsystems between 1996 and 2000 , intended to run only java applications .
4	thunberg then sailed to java in march 1775 .
13	belmera is the first toll road that is located outside the island of java .
26	during world war ii he was awarded the navy cross for saving 12 wounded american servicemen under his care from certain capture by the japanese on java .
19	developers can instantiate a jetty container as an object , instantly adding network and web connectivity to a stand-alone java app .
10	clu 's exception handling mechanisms also influenced newer languages like java and c + + .
9	interpretation the mountainous volcanic nature and geographic conditions of java and bali is corresponds and suitable with hindu mythology .
9	the merong is a section of a composition for java gamelan , a musical ensemble featuring metallophones , xylophone , drum , and gongs .
7	trading links with sumatra , borneo , java , malay peninsula , indochina , china , india , arabia , japan and the ryukyu kingdom flourished during this era .
8	mason is a multi-agent simulation environment developed in java .
14	it is found in the southern pacific , including hawaii and french polynesia , java , sulawesi , the new hebrides , samoa , the austral islands and the marquesas .
14	according to the current understanding , this species is known with certainty only from java ( also the type locality ) , madura , bali , and kangean islands , indonesia .
10	the dutch thus gain control of all deep-water ports in java , and in sumatra control is secured over plantations around medan , oil and coal installations around palembang and the padang area .
9	technology iuclid development and deployment iuclid 5 is a java based application , using the hibernate framework for persistence .
18	the out-of-the-box memory configuration was too small to run the netscape 2.0 browser , or anything comparable to java and vrml support .
7	on 27 january , she moved toward java .
4	it is found on java and sumatra .
32	part of the original material was deposited at herbarium bogoriense ( bo ) , the herbarium of the bogor botanical gardens ( formerly the herbarium of the buitenzorg botanic gardens ) in java , and some may be at the philippine national herbarium ( pnh ) in manila , the philippines .
33	robert edward elson is an historian , author and academic regarded as an authority on indonesia history , with his biography of former president suharto and works on the cultivation system in colonial java ( the latter frequently being described by elson himself as '' very long and very boring books '' ) considered leading works on their subjects .
11	capture in december 2002 , muklas was arrested while hiding in java .
11	kampong makassar was one several internment camps in the island of java near batavia ( present-day jakarta ) in which the japanese interned enemy civilians , mostly dutch , after the dutch east indies fell to japanese forces in 1942 .
18	this can be seen in the sculptures and architectural style of the sailendra ( present-day malay peninsula , java and sumatra ) .
7	indonesia shia are found in areas of java , madura and sumatra .
14	a language constructed of elements of other main programming languages c# , c++ and java .
25	the genus was first described in 1930 with phaulomyrma javana as the type species , based on two males from bogor on the island of java .
6	it is an object-relational mapper for java .
34	it is widespread across much of europe and north america ( us , canada , mexico , central america ) , with additional populations in the russian far east , japan , hainan , java , vietnam , kazakhstan , uzbekistan , venezuela , cuba , and brazil .
17	it is found in sri lanka , india ( calcutta , travancore , nilgiris ) and on java .
14	the kingdoms of vijaynagar and kalinga established footholds in malaya , sumatra and western java .
10	they house interesting artefacts of regions such as cambodia and java .
10	it is found on borneo , peninsular malaysia and possibly java .
7	it supports many client languages c++ , java , ruby , and python .
39	this idea had originally proposed by a. m. azahari , leader of the parti rakyat brunei ( brunei people 's party ) , who had forged links with sukarno 's nationalist movement , together with ahmad zaidi , in java in the 1940s .
11	expressions python expressions are similar to languages such as c and java : addition , subtraction , and multiplication are the same , but the behavior of division differs ( see mathematics for details ) .
5	freecol is mostly programmed in java and should thus be platform-independent .
10	some programming languages , such as c , c++ and java , allow a program to interpret the command-line arguments by handling them as string parameters in the main function .
0	java and ada only have exclusive locks because they are thread based and rely on the compare-and-swap processor instruction ( see mutex ) .
4	while central and eastern java was dominated by a kaleidoscope of competing agrarian kingdoms including the sailendra , mataram , kediri , singhasari , and finally majapahit .
8	torajan slaves were sold and shipped out to java and siam .
9	arema is also the name of an indonesian / java legend , kebo arema who is thought to originate from malang .
16	some of these programming languages are ruby , smalltalk , python , php , objective-c , java , and the .net family of languages .
16	distribution and habitat the range of the pale-edged stingray extends from the indian subcontinent eastward to java and borneo , and northward to the philippines and southern japan .
27	march 7 march -- garuda indonesia flight 200 , a boeing 737–497 , crashes and bursts into flames on landing at adisucipto international airport at yogyakarta on java in indonesia , killing 22 of the 140 people on board 12 march -- the first two joint fighter-17 aircraft were delivered to the pakistan air force .
37	the japanese species s. sendaicus described in 1924 from dentary materials from pliocene deposits has been ascribed to the genus , as well as the species s. bumiajuensis ( formerly tetralophodon ) from the late pliocene of java .
25	features similar to rexx compound variables are found in many other languages ( including associative array in awk , hashes in perl and hashtables in java ) .
5	javac is itself written in java .
17	j jakarta project -- a project constituted by sun and apache to create a web server for java servlets and jsps .
14	plot the first story is set in a japanese prisoner of war camp in java during ww2 and is a first person account of the relationship between john lawrence , a british officer , and sergeant hara , one of the camp 's senior guards .
12	all variables are statically typed , as they are in c# and java .
6	he was born in purworejo , java , dutch east indies , and educated at utrecht university , taking his doctoral degree in 1936 with a paper on surinam lauraceae .
15	the black-winged flycatcher-shrike is found in the malay peninsula and on sumatra , borneo , java and bali .
5	attempts to port openbugs to java with the gardens point component pascal were given up in favor of a new portable implementation called jags .
18	esoteric buddhism in southeast asia , refers to the traditions of esoteric buddhism found in indonesian islands of java and sumatra before 700 ce , which predates the arrival of esoteric buddhism in greater tibet and the himalaya region .
5	he did the evangelists in java along with other lay evangelists such as kiai ibrahim tunggul wulung , paul tosari and johannes emde .
6	in 1897 , he went to java , and then to japan in 1898 .
10	it is found on sumbawa , flores , lombok , java and pulo laut .
50	description distribution haustellum haustellum is known from taiwan , indonesia , vietnam , the solomon islands , northern queensland in australia , new caledonia , fiji , madagascar , the mascarene basin and the red sea paleontology haustellum haustellum is recorded from the miocene of borneo , the pliocene of java , indonesia and the plio-pleistocene of the malaysian archipelago .
4	it is written in java , and postgres as the default database .
16	syzygium malaccense is a species of flowering tree native to malaysia , indonesia ( sumatra and java ) vietnam and thailand .
27	this programmer must be familiar with both the original and target operating systems and languages ( for example , converting a game originally written in c++ to java ) , convert assets , such as artwork and sounds or rewrite code for low memory phones .
30	in 1838 he became a member of the natuurkundige commissie for the dutch east indies , where he would spend the next several years collecting zoological and botanical specimens ( java , sulawesi , ternate , ambon ) .
5	static method in c++ or java are not associated with instances but classes , and so can not use this , because there is no object .
12	armenian church , settlement and history in surabaya armenians first traveled to java towards the end of the 18th century .
32	world war ii during the second world war with japan their ships assisted the dutch , british and australian war ships with the protection of singapore and during the battle of the java sea with the supply of ammunition .
4	it is found in java , borneo , hong kong and japan .
9	general architecture for text engineering or gate is a java suite of tools originally developed at the university of sheffield beginning in 1995 and now used worldwide by a wide community of scientists , companies , teachers and students for all sorts of natural language processing tasks , including information extraction in many languages .
5	kartika wijaya in batu , java , indonesia was originally built as a vacation villa for the sarkies , and was only later turned into a hotel .
12	a minor tsunami was generated and some light damage was reported on java , indonesia .
13	cymbiola are related to tethyan species of the late miocene of indonesia , java .
20	it is also known from eastern and central china , taiwan and korea , the indonesian islands of sumatra , java , sulawesi and bali , and from the islands of palawan , negros , sibuyan and luzon in the philippines .
25	distribution and habitat the sicklefin weasel shark is found off southern india and sri lanka , as well as from southern china and taiwan to java and borneo .
16	he gathered material for his studies on numerous expeditions , which included journeys to ceylon and java ( 1893 -- 94 ) , the arctic ocean ( 1902 ) and north america ( 1907 ) .
6	programs exist in database design , java programming , project management , scrummaster certification , kai certification , and leadership development , among many others .
20	frequent ferry services cross the straits between nearby islands , especially in the chain of islands stretching from sumatra through java to the lesser sunda islands .
10	the death toll from an outbreak of dengue fever on java has risen to 224 .
2	it requires java to work .
12	acrocercops chalinosema is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from java , indonesia .
4	it is found on java , borneo and sulawesi .
19	it is found in papua new guinea , australia ( queensland , norfolk island ) , new zealand , java , tahiti , sri lanka , new caledonia , the caroline islands , the southern mariana islands , rapa iti and micronesia .
20	visual j # ( pronounced ` jay - sharp ' ) programming language was a transitional language for programmers of java and visual j++ languages , so they could use their existing knowledge and applications on .net framework .
6	distribution blood bananas are native to java , indonesia .
19	according to the release notes , peter mattis was working for hewlett-packard and spencer kimball was working as a java programmer .
16	google plugin for eclipse ( gpe ) is a set of software development tools that enables java developers to design , build , optimize , and deploy cloud computing applications .
10	there are bytecode based virtual machines of this sort for java , python , php , tcl , and forth ( however , forth is not ordinarily compiled via bytecodes in this way , and its virtual machine is more generic instead ) .
53	sister cities kolaka , southeast sulawesi unaaha , southeast sulawesi world war ii kendari was an important objective of the japanese in world war ii because of the nearby airfield , which could be used to interdict the sea lanes between australia and the dutch east indies and to bomb dutch bases on java and other islands .
3	is a typesafe java implementation of linq .
14	in javanese , the term ratu is used instead of datu , thus in java karaton , keraton or kraton is used instead of kedaton to describe the residence of regional leader .
1	a java platform mobile game was also made based on game knb ?
16	bruce worked for 13 years at ibm on database technologies , object-oriented infrastructure , and the java programming language .
12	it is known from thailand , malaysia , borneo , sumatra , java and the philippines .
11	it is similar to dynamic cast in c++ or casts in java and c# .
12	most mainstream statically typed languages , such as c++ , c# and java , are manifestly typed .
12	the school has some online classes , such as introductory c++ , java , and ap computer science .
13	criminals who were sentenced to death had copies of their trials sent to java for review .
13	the computer and basic science courses offered at the school include gw-basic , java ( using the bluej ide ) , and logo .
36	distribution and habitat distribution of the blue nuthatch in southeast asia this species lives in the malay peninsula ( in extreme southern thailand and northern malaysia ) and in indonesia on the islands of sumatra and java .
36	as she proceeded down river towards the sea , she attempted to cross the bows of the artemisia , a ship of 5,731 tons which was inward bound to liverpool with a cargo of sugar from java .
22	releases as of 3 march 2014 cds sf 001 - folk and pop sounds of sumatra vol .1 sf 002 - radio java sf 003 - night recordings from bali sf 006 - princess nicotine : folk and pop music of myanmar ( burma ) sf 007 - radio morocco sf 008 - radio palestine : sounds of the eastern mediterranean sf 009 - i remember syria 2-cd sf 011 - cambodian cassette archives : khmer folk & pop music vol .
13	many languages , including most functional programming language and recent imperative languages like java , replace pointers with a more opaque type of reference , typically referred to as simply a reference , which can only be used to refer to objects and not manipulated as numbers , preventing this type of error .
12	based at singapore for escort duty and support of military operations in java and sumatra , she escorted vessels carrying former prisoners of war and civilian internees for repatriation .
5	qualities replay is written in java , open source and oriented towards standards wherever possible .
18	the jvx framework ( or jvx - enterprise application framework ) is an open source framework for the java platform .
17	in indonesia , only sumatra , borneo , and papua are larger in territory , and only java and sumatra have larger populations .
63	single if choice clause : if condition then statements ( else statements ) fi '' brief '' form : ( condition statements statements ) chained if choice clause : if condition1 then statements elif condition2 then statements ( else statements ) fi '' brief '' form : ( condition1 statements : condition2 statements statements ) c a traditional if-else construct in c , java and javascript is written : if ( a ) b ) -lcb- result = x ; -rcb- else -lcb- result = y ; -rcb- this can be rewritten as the following statement : result = a ) b ?
9	internet explorer 11 for windows rt does not support java and other add-ons .
27	in return , such experience gave bandem the capabilities and firmness to conduct in-depth research of various nusantara ( indonesian ) music including kalimantan , sulawesi , java , and bali .
11	press activity flourished as dōmei opened offices in major cities throughout java .
19	it is found in russia , china , korea , japan , taiwan , india , malaysia and western java .
5	the software is written in java and data is stored in extensible mark-up language xml .
9	how it works ssl-explorer is an application written in java and contains its own database and web server that is used to serve secure web pages in order to access back-end network resources .
43	cfm file which could look like this : assuming the tag is in the same directory as the file ( or in a pre-defined customtags directory ) , it can be invoked thus : cfx tags are custom tags which are developed using java or c++ , and are prefixed with cfx just like cf .
8	the two islands that have railroads now are java and sumatra .
9	jnsynch is a light-weight file synchronization engine written in java , and released as open source through gpl license .
12	dutch ships , commanded by frederick de houtman , reach sumatra and java for the first time .
26	upstream tracker is a web service providing analysis of api changes from the backward compatibility point of view for a variety of c / c++ and java libraries .
4	it was described from java , but is also found in taiwan , china , vietnam and pakistan .
6	it is known from borneo , java , peninsular malaysia , luzon and new guinea .
13	this resembles usage in object-oriented programming languages like object pascal , c++ and java .
15	the native range of true clarias batrachus is only confirmed from the indonesia island of java , but three closely related and more widespread species have frequently been confused with this species .
9	it is similar to watir , but implemented in java .
35	he made significant contributions to other open source software projects including flightgear , a cross-platform flight simulator making use of xml , the newsml toolkit library for newsml , the xmlwriter libraries for perl and java , rdf filter , and sgmlspm , a mid-1990s precursor to many xml functionalities .
17	yogyakarta international school ( yis ) is a secular , co-education , international school in yogyakarta , java , indonesia founded in 1989 ; making it yogyakarta 's most established and only international school with expatriate teachers for core classes .
6	many modern programming languages such as java and haskell provide automated garbage collection .
48	the animal was once widespread from assam and bengal ( where their range would have overlapped with both the sumatran and indian rhinos ) eastward to myanmar , thailand , cambodia , laos , vietnam , and southwards to the malay peninsula and the islands of sumatra , java , and possibly borneo .
20	in digital typography , the new typesetting system ( nts ) is a reimplementation of the typesetting system tex in java .
14	for example , iptscrae has , in the past , been webbed together with java , javascript , html , and other artificial languages , including other scripting languages , programming languages , specification language , query language , and markup language to add more end-user interactions and commands to other programs , without sacrificing user-friendliness .
24	as of april 6 , 2011 , twitter engineers confirmed they had switched away from their ruby on rails search stack , to a java server they call blender .
13	angus spent a year in indonesia on a scholarship studying folk art in java and bali .
5	therefore it is written in java , using jboss as applications server and postgres as default database .
1	the java standard mandates this behavior .
15	programming languages such as perl , python , php , ruby , c# , and java support template processing either natively , or through add-on libraries and modules .
43	the company 's army had first joined forces with the royal navy during the seven years ' war , and the two continued to co-operate in arenas outside india : the eviction of napoleon from egypt ( 1799 ) , the capture of java from the netherlands ( 1811 ) , the acquisition of singapore ( 1819 ) and malacca ( 1824 ) and the defeat of burma ( 1826 ) .
15	it is found in vietnam , thailand , india , sri lanka , myanmar , java , the solomon islands , korea , japan , taiwan , são tomé & principe , tanzania , south africa , la réunion and madagascar .
5	technical overview ocap is the java based software/middleware portion of the opencable initiative .
14	this species is distributed in burma , thailand , vietnam and peninsular sumatra , java and bali .
15	interface specification the interface specification is object oriented , with specifications for both c++ and java programming languages plus ada and fortran for the 1.3 specification .
51	swig ( simplified wrapper and interface generator ) is an open source software tool used to connect computer program or libraries written in c or c++ with scripting language such as lua , perl , php , python , r , ruby , tcl , and other languages like c# , java , javascript , go , modula-3 , ocaml , octave , and scheme .
15	( ) : world war ii : the was scuttled in the madura strait off java , after suffering boiler failure during her escape from advancing japanese forces in the dutch east indies .
7	biography ian craig leslie was born in java , dutch east indies ( now indonesia ) in 1942 .
12	jlex is a lexical analyser ( similar to lex ) which produces java language source code .
26	net , and its contents are accessible from several computing environments , including standard languages such as c , c++ , fortran , visual basic , java and c# , as well as packages such as matlab , r , labview , excel and ch .
10	jpg majapahit - style minaret of menara kudus mosque in java , indonesia file : collectie tropenmuseum de minaret van de grote moskee tmnr 20018859 .
14	s. ( l. ) bartelsi ( bartels 's wood-owl ) , javan wood-owl from java , the southeasternmost taxon , has a loud , forceful , single hooh !
4	it is written in java and runs on windows , mac os and linux platforms .
12	gorogoa is written in a custom-built game engine created by roberts in java , and all illustrations are hand drawn by roberts .
10	undersea cables went to rodrigues , mauritius , batavia , java and fremantle , western australia .
21	the system implements a modern kind of web application model , excessively using ajax for communicating between client components and the java server backend in an exclusively asynchronous manner .
10	geography cilegon is located on the most northwest coast of java island , at the mouth of the cilegon river on ciwandan bay , which is an inlet of the sunda straits .
14	they are native to stillwater habitats including ponds , canals and paddy fields in java , borneo , sumatra , malaya , thailand , laos , cambodia , and vietnam .
28	allocota viridipennis is a species of either brownish-green or reddish-blue colored ground beetle in the lebiinae subfamily that can be found in such indonesia islands as borneo , java and sumatra .
11	january 16 , 2006 a 15-year-old indonesia girl from indramayu , java , dies of bird flu .
7	porong river is a river in eastern java , indonesia .
17	equipment producers would have been able to customize their distributions , including options such as flash , java , or custom interfaces .
10	products the company offers an extended family of ides for java , ruby , python , php , objective-c and other programming languages .
12	background map prepared by the japanese during world war ii , depicting java , the most populous island in dutch east indies .
0	java , however , held out till 1811 .
24	pacific theater during world war ii in october 1941 , he went with the 19th bombardment group to the philippine islands and then to java and australia .
8	object-oriented programming language , such as c++ , java and smalltalk may use classes for this purpose .
5	compatibility j is written in java and runs on linux , mac os x , os/2 , unix , vms , and windows .
7	lusi river is a river in northern java , indonesia .
9	his particular area of knowledge centered on events in java during the period , and he authored a number of works dealing with the subject .
10	c# extends the number of them to five , while java has four access modifiers , but three keywords for this purpose .
26	in the palace of the peacock ( 1969 ) temple lane reveals a streak for adventure when she travels to a far away island in the java seas in search of her fiance nick .
18	distribution and habitat melicope accedens grows naturally from the andaman islands to indochina and in peninsular malaysia , java and borneo .
8	pellew 's particular target was the island of java , where the principal dutch squadron and their base at batavia were located .
6	in some languages , such as java , the only kind of opaque type provided is the opaque pointer .
11	jfin is a free software derivatives trade processing application written in java .
18	in the late of 90 's , web services were developed , based on dhtml , activex and java .
11	complete uno language bindings exist for c++ ( compiler-dependent ) , java , object rexx , python , and tcl .
21	mangkunegara i ( born raden mas said , 7 april 1725 -- 1796 ) was the first ruler of mangkunegaran in java .
7	jess is a rule engine for the java platform that was developed by ernest friedman-hill of sandia national labs .
34	technologies collaba uses and/or supports the following technologies and standards : bonjour , cas , css , clamav , dh , dnsbl , dublin core , ftp , http , https , jaas , java , ldap , md5 , mime , nntp , pop3 , podcast , rss , san , smb/cifs , smtp , ssl , tsl , vfs , webdav , xhtml , xml , zeroconf , icalendar , vcard early history in 2001 , quebec 's school districts were approaching the end of a three-year provincial agreement with softarc ( now open text ) for the annual acquisition of firstclass software licenses at a very low cost per student .
23	palangkaraya is far larger in area than jakarta and safe from the danger of earthquake and volcano , common on the island of java .
10	the voc became deeply involved in the internal politics of java in this period , and fought in a number of wars involving the leaders of mataram and banten .
5	for portability , it produces java code .
2	software a java implementation is included in the elki data mining framework .
25	it is relatively widespread in southeast asia , from southern china ( yunnan ) to burma and indochina to the malay archipelago ( borneo , java , lombok , sumatra , bali ) .
20	the airline 's logo is a golden eight-pointed mandala reflecting the eight characters of humanity and the eight elements in java tradition , with a five-petaled lotus in its center reflecting indonesia 's five-principled state ideology , pancasila .
21	simula was the first object-oriented programming language , and its classes are nearly identical to the modern concept as used in java , c++ , and c# .
13	'' by some accounts greater india consists of '' lands including burma , java , cambodia , bali , and the former champa and funan polities of present-day vietnam , '' in which pre-islamic indian culture left an '' imprint in the form of monuments , inscriptions and other traces of the historic '' indianising '' process .
9	these applications are built using apex ( a proprietary java - like programming language for force.com ) and visualforce ( an xml-like syntax for building user interfaces in html or flex ) .
4	to combat overpopulation in java , the indonesian government started a massive transmigration ( transmigrasi ) of poor farmers and landless peasants into borneo in the 70 's and 80 's , to farm the logged areas , albeit with little success as the fertility of the land has been removed with the trees and what soil remains is washed away in tropical downpours .
33	other traditions naga at the steps of a building in the wat phra kaew in bangkok for malay sailors , nāgas are a type of dragon with many heads ; in thailand and java , the nāga is a wealthy underworld deity .
9	while 3gls like c , c++ , c# , java , and javascript remain popular for a wide variety of uses , 4gls as originally defined found narrower uses .
6	optimj is an extension of the java with language support for writing optimization models and abstractions for bulk data processing .
20	in their first three weeks of operation from 13 september 1944 they accomplished 98 , mining targets in celebes , java , and surabaya .
30	voxeo products include : prophecy interactive voice response ( ivr ) platform voiceobjects multi-channel ( ivr , sms , im , web , social ) service creation environment prism sip/http/xmpp java application server and media server ( previously sipmethod ) tropo multi-lingual cloud-based communications platform for voice , sms , im and twitter imified hosted instant messaging application development and deployment platform smsified hosted sms ( text messaging ) application development and deployment platform phono web-based softphone and coloboration sdk customers have developed a wide range of applications on voxeo 's platform , ranging from traditional customer service ivr systems to conferencing systems to outbound notification systems .
29	the yolngu people also remember with grief the abductions and trading of yolngu women , and the introduction of smallpox , which was epidemic in the islands east of java at the time .
22	consequently , alden and three sister ships , as well as black hawk , were soon directed to proceed to batavia , java , '' for supplies and liberty .
0	java and python also follow this convention .
10	it is found in indonesia ( borneo , sumatra , java ) , the philippines ( palawan ) , thailand , vietnam and myanmar .
27	social web applications are typically built using object oriented programming , utilizing combinations of several programming languages , such as ruby , php , python , and/or java .
11	southeast asia furniture such as thai , vietnam , indonesia , java , and bali furniture are now becoming more prominent and appreciated .
7	the manuscript describes the mythical origin of java island .
9	for comparison , consider a similar example written in java - based pseudocode : try -lcb- while ( ( a = read ( ) ) !
5	among the millions population of java their numbers of approximately a few thousand were small , but in jakarta their autonomous contra-terror operations escalated to the point that the british military leadership wanted to de-mobilise them from the city .
16	on 6 june 1596 the ships arrived at bantam , the most important pepper port on java .
3	this is in java using the swing ui framework : void buttonhandler ( ) -lcb- / / this is executing in the swing ui thread .
3	freemarker is a java - based template engine , originally focusing on dynamic web page generation with mvc software architecture .
12	bordering jakarta , it is the westernmost province on the island of java , and its capital is serang .
9	the software is programmed in various languages , mainly java , and released under the gpl , with various dependencies provided under other licenses .
30	imsl ( international mathematics and statistics library ) is a commercial collection of software libraries of numerical analysis functionality that are implemented in the computer programming language of c , java , c#.net , and fortran .
13	a part of japan , probably kyūshū , appears below the island of java , with the legend '' isola de cimpagu '' ( a misspelling of cipangu ) .
12	it is found in the north-eastern himalaya and on peninsular malaysia , java , bali , borneo , the philippines , taiwan and japan .
4	on a voyage to java he was shipwrecked , along with part of his crew , and continued in a lifeboat .
14	suroloyo peak is the highest peak of the menoreh mountains on the island of java , indonesia .
26	it is endemic to indonesia , where it occurs on the islands of sumatra ( where it occurs on the east of the island ) , java and bali .
6	its appointed members included representatives from java and the outer islands in approximate relation to population .
12	in addition , he also taught in bogor and other places in java .
20	there are wddx interfaces for a wide variety of languages , including coldfusion , ruby , python , php , java , c++ , .net , actionscript , lisp , haskell , perl .
31	in 2006 proanimalia became part of international animal rescue and in 2007 a new primate rescue and rehabilitation center was built in ciapus , near bogor , on the island of java .
12	the mite species creutzeria tobaica was described from the pitchers of a java nepenthes identified as n. tobaica .
17	nodezilla is a peer-to-peer network software written in c++ ( core , aka network agent ) and java ( gui ) , and the gui part is released under the gnu general public license .
12	the congress was attended by 30 feminist organizations from 12 cities in java and sumatra .
12	range the malaysian moon moth ranges from malaysia , to sumatra , java , the philippines , and the surrounding region in southeast asia and south asia including a population in the western ghats .
5	their homeland in banten , java is contained in just of hilly forest area from jakarta , indonesia 's capital .
8	general-purpose programming language , such as c , java or python .
13	early history the expansion of majapahit empire circa 14th century the island of java has been a center stage of indonesian history for centuries , and javanese people as the largest ethnic groups in indonesia has been dominating the politics and social landscapes in the past as well as modern indonesia .
21	dyah pitaloka citraresmi or citra rashmi ( 1340 -- 357 ) , was the princess of the sunda kingdom in western java .
25	sunit , designed by kent beck in 1998 , was written in a highly-structured object-oriented style , which lent easily to contemporary languages such as java and c# .
20	cint is an interpreted version of c/c + + , much in the way beanshell is an interpreted version of java .
30	in addition to its uml 2.0 modeling capabilities , objecteering 6 enterprise edition fully supports requirements management integrated with uml , report and documentation production , and code generation for java , c++ , c# , sql ddl , corba idl and fortran .
38	description they are about 100 species distributed in higher rainfall areas across australia ( with 50 or so species ) , new zealand ( 10 + endemic species ) , new caledonia ( 2 ) , timor , java , and the philippines .
17	the game made the jump from consoles on june 12 , 2003 , when taito developed a java - based version of kiki kaikai for mobile phones called kiki kaikai : the bizarre world .
8	frederik hendrik endert ( 1891 in semarang , java -- 1953 in bussum , netherlands ) was a dutch botanist and plant collector .
0	java is the most common platform for mobile games , however its performance limits lead to the adoption of various native binary formats for more sophisticated games .
16	the jess rules engine utilizes the rete algorithm , and can be utilized to create : java servlet enterprise javabeans applet license while clips is licensed as open source , jess is not open source .
6	it is found on sumatra , java , peninsular malaysia and borneo .
0	java : object-oriented programming language .
32	gonocephalus chamaeleontinus , the javan humphead lizard , is a species of agama from indonesia and malaysia description this species lives in a humid tropical environment , in the forests of central java .
8	the language itself is similar to c and java , which can make nwscript daunting for the novice scripter .
5	they intended to settle in java or lampung , but their request was not approved by the indonesian government , and instead they were sent to west sumatra .
7	examples include the programming languages perl , java and lua .
55	on guillaume le testu 's 1556 cosmographie universel , locach , under the name la joncade , is shown as an island off a promontory of the southern continent , terre australle , to the eastward of grande jaue , a northward-extending promontory of the terre australle ( terra australis ) to the south of java .
3	it is a java - based content management platform designed to meet the requirements of content rich , global web properties including high visitor traffic , multi-language publishing , and multi-channel services delivered to a range of digital consumer devices .
13	lacking air cover , the american asiatic fleet in the philippines withdrew to java on december 12 , 1941 .
16	the islands of wallacea lie between sundaland ( the malay peninsula , sumatra , borneo , java , and bali ) to the west , and near oceania including australia and new guinea to the south and east .
9	it is found in india and on sumatra , java , bali , sumbawa , borneo and the philippines .
33	distribution and habitat the four species in the subgenus coelomys are restricted to tropical evergreen lowland and mountain forests of sri lanka , southern india , mainland southeast asia , sumatra , and java .
15	participants in the submit programs in one of five languages , c , c++ , java , pascal , and python .
15	jx is a microkernel operating system with both the kernel and applications implemented using the java programming language .
19	these species are endemic to southern yunnan and indochina ; peninsular thailand and malaya to sumatra , borneo , java , nias island , and sulawesi .
32	easydita 's browser-based topic authoring interface , its component content manager and ditamap editor , its review and versioning systems , and its publishing system , all make use of xquery , java , and javascript , using the rest , webdav , and xmlrpc protocols .
10	madura is an indonesian island off the northeastern coast of java .
10	sap 's current development platform netweaver supports both abap and java .
12	in the indonesian archipelago the butterfly occurs in ne sumatra , east java , bali , bangka , timor , wetar , kissar , sumbawa and sulawesi .
12	born of mixed arab-malay heritage in labuan , he was educated in java and later fought against the dutch there .
12	in south east asia in countries like thailand , cambodia and also java whose culture has large influence of hindu heritage and sanskrit language , we can find little shrines elevated on poles .
20	developed by ibm and released to open source in 2005 , the distribution packages contain ant , apache fop , java , saxon , and xerces .
8	it is found in india , indonesia ( java ) and australia , where it has been recorded from queensland , the northern territory and victoria .
14	an independent set of traditions have developed around irawan on the main island of java where , for example , he loses his association with the naga .
15	one of the specimens , a long female from the cilacap landing site in central java , was designated the holotype .
27	this is infrequently seen in modern code , but occurs in some uses of c. resource management without raii the dispose pattern many garbage-collected languages , including java , c# and python , support various forms of the dispose pattern to simplify cleanup of resources .
26	india fanny bullock workman on her bicycle tour of india ( c. 1897 ) the workmans ' trip to india , burma , ceylon , and java lasted two and a half years , beginning in november 1897 , and covered ; at the time , fanny was 38 and william 50 .
15	it is found in thailand , taiwan , japan , the philippines , india , java , the solomon islands , the moluccas and new guinea .
9	the range extends to peninsular malaysia , sumatra and java .
34	adoption programming languages sqlite has bindings for a large number of programming language , including : basic delphi c c# c++ clipper / / harbour common lisp curl d delphi free pascal go haskell java ( on jvm and dvm ) javascript julia livecode lua newlisp objective-c ( on os x and ios ) ocaml perl php pike purebasic python r realbasic rebol ruby scheme smalltalk tcl visual basic xojo middleware ado.net adapter , initially developed by robert simpson , is maintained jointly with the sqlite developers since april 2010 .
17	anoectochilus setaceus , the bristly anoectochilus , is a species of orchid native to the island of java and sumatra in indonesia .
8	it is found on borneo , sumatra , java , sulawesi , the moluccas , new guinea , taiwan , the philippines ( luzon ) and australia , where it has been recorded from northern territory and queensland .
9	it also includes hint , an interpreter written in java with a graphical user interface .
28	explicit communication can be divided into two classes : ; shared memory communication : concurrent components communicate by altering the contents of shared memory locations ( exemplified by java and c# ) .
4	it is found on java , thailand , peninsular malaysia , sumatra and borneo .
12	acrocercops diplacopa is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from java , indonesia .
13	in computing , hazelcast is an in-memory open source data grid based on java .
9	the original implementation of php has a php / java bridge separately available from sourceforge .
6	although the dance is native to java , indonesia , it also performed by javanese communities in suriname , malaysia and singapore .
17	it is found on sumatra and possibly in india ( sikkim ) , sri lanka and on java .
22	about 270,000 of these javanese laborers were sent to other japanese-held areas in south east asia , only 52,000 were repatriated to java , meaning that there was a death rate of 80 % .
12	it contains the single species plumareola lineola , which is found on java .
14	distribution this species is endemic to southeast asia ( indonesia , east and southwest java ( mount semeru , lumajang ) and in central sumatra ) .
13	anusapati , the second king of singhasari ( a kingdom located in east java between 1222 and 1292 ) , was the son of tunggul ametung and the first husband of ken dedes .
5	it arrived in batavia , java on 4 february 1942 .
34	the toolset includes a complete integrated development environment designed to facilitate team development allowing personnel of different skill sets , from business analysts to database analysts to application programmers ( both from c and java '' world '' ) to user interface designers to participate in the software development process .
8	amphidromus perversus rufocinctus range : bawean island , java .
12	performances of shadow puppet theater are accompanied by a gamelan orchestra in java , and by gender wayang in bali .
22	pyroclastic flows -- clouds of scalding gas , pumice , and ash -- rapidly descend an erupting mount merapi volcano in central java , causing sixty deaths .
19	jean pierre moquette ( july 5 , 1856 -- february 26 , 1927 ) moved from the netherlands to java in 1873 .
7	some languages , such as rexx and java , provide decimal floating points operations , which provide rounding errors of a different form .
20	growl includes bindings for developers who use the objective-c , c , perl , python , tcl , applescript , java , and ruby programming languages , and comes with multiple '' display plugins , '' providing different styles for presenting the notifications .
46	macros : yes java-applet : no animation : yes locus : yes / point on locus assignments : no measurement/calculations : yes platform : windows proofs : no grace grace ( the graphical ruler and compass editor ) is an analog of gsp , written in java .
14	the basic control structures of perl are similar to those used in c and java , but they have been extended in several ways .
23	realnetworks ' helix universal server can support rtmp , rtmpt and rtmps streaming for live and on-demand content red5 media server is a java open source project which delivers a powerful video streaming and multi-user solution to the adobe flash player and other client technologies .
30	post-world war ii and disbandment personnel of 80 squadron raf amongst parts of a mitsubishi f1m , bearing indonesian markings , at an airfield and seaplane base in surabaya , java , january 1946 .
11	it is located on the southern coast of the island of java .
25	these religions were brought to indonesia around the 2nd and 4th centuries , respectively , when indian traders arrived on the islands of sumatra , java and sulawesi , bringing their religion .
12	in 1816 , the dutch sent a fleet to reclaim possession of java .
10	ward keeler is an american anthropologist who conducted fieldwork in java in indonesia during the new order area .
18	during his reign , the kingdom still used javanese traditions , though the islam already was introduced to java .
13	early life and education syed muhammad naquib al-attas was born in bogor , java , dutch east indies into a family with a history of illustrious ancestors , saints .
21	it was named after german botanist heinrich zollinger , who researched the genus clavaria , and collected the type specimen in java , indonesia .
18	with the assistance of documents collected by the old east india company , he completed a map of java in five sheets , accompanied by sailing directions , in amsterdam , in 1842 .
27	a ruby implementation called ` asciidoctor ' , released in 2013 , is in use by github and also provides a gateway to asciidoc use in the java ecosystem .
11	toxiclibs is an independent , modular open source library collection for java and processing , released under the lgpl .
25	in 1909 , he financed the kuser - william beebe expedition to study birds in ceylon , india , burma , the malay states , java , borneo , china and japan .
21	ken dedes , first queen of singhasari , was the consort of ken arok , the first ruler of singhasari , java , indonesia .
10	unfortunately , this language is rarely used by residents of java , especially because they think out of date or '' katrok '' .
7	a magnitude 6.0 earthquake struck south of java , indonesia on april 15 at a depth of 100.0 km .
15	1022-1025 ) ( son of dharma udayana ) airlangga ( c. 1025-1042 ; king in java from 1019 ) ( brother ) anak wungsu ( fl .
28	today a variant of the script exists for most popular web scripting language , such as perl , asp ( asp.net ) , php , coldfusion , and java .
16	on the client side it is web-based and contains clients for windows and linux written in java .
17	the intent portfolio included support for : c / c++ games with opengl es 3d rendering a java virtual machine which translated to native code an internet browser optimised for small screens a music and multimedia mixer called minimixa a midi ringtone engine called the advanced polyphone ringtone engine .
22	a very common strategy of guaranteeing such operations are impossible is to base the system around a high-level language , such as java , whose design precludes dangerous constructs ; many are entirely written in such a language , with only the minimum amount of low-level code being used .
18	the kepyak is a percussion instrument played by the dalang ( puppeteer ) of a wayang performance in java .
28	thus huia recurvata is an extinct species of plant , found as fossil in yunnan , china , whereas huia masonii is a species of frog found in java , indonesia .
7	with most of its aircraft based in java , the feaf was nearly destroyed a second time trying to stem the tide of japanese advances southward .
4	forests on sumatra and java are examples of popular tourist destinations .
19	it occurs from south india and assam through myanmar , tenasserim and southeast asia to southern china and to java , indonesia .
30	some software libraries work with fuzzy regular expressions : tre -- well-developed portable free project in c , which uses syntax similar to posix frej -- open source project in java with non-standard syntax ( which utilizes prefix , lisp - like notation ) , targeted to allow easy use of substitutions of inner matched fragments in outer blocks , but lacks many features of standard regular expressions .
17	in 1994 , sun microsystems decided to change the name of their new language from oak to java because oak was already trademarked by oak technology .
7	scope = '' row '' islands of java and kambangan island - style = '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' !
35	tools are available for python as the main programming language , with support for bbc basic ( via the risc os image or the brandy basic clone for linux ) , c , c++ , java , perl and ruby .
15	it is found in china ( yunnan ) , sikkim , india , myanmar and java .
5	officially supported libraries include : java and php .
18	rajasa was the ruling dynasty of singhasari kingdom and later majapahit empire in 13th to 15th century eastern java .
29	thunderhawk is a mobile web browser from bitstream available for a full range of operating systems in high end ( windows mobile and symbian browsers ) and mass-market ( java browser ) mobile phones and pdas .
11	as a result helium v runs on any platform which supports java ( linux , mac os x , windows ) .
12	beginning in the 1920s , large numbers of unemployed indo people in java persuaded the dutch government to set up colonies in northern west new guinea , which eventually failed to give the colonists the prosperity they expected .
46	remote application platform ( rap , formerly rich ajax platform ) project is an open-source software project under the eclipse technology project which aims to enable software developers to build ajax - enabled rich internet application by using the eclipse development model , plugins and a java - only application programming interface ( api ) .
11	through these contacts von koenigswald could join the geological survey of java as paleontologist in late 1930 .
26	surakarta gameboard and starting setup surakarta is a little-known indonesian strategy board game for two players , named after the ancient city of surakarta in central java .
5	many large aftershocks followed the java earthquake .
27	habitat and range the native range of the species extends from southern thailand , tenasserim , peninsular malaysia and singapore to the indonesian islands of sumatra and java .
13	examples of other languages similar to c + + that provide delegation are java , c# , d and swift .
9	shortly thereafter sea witch successfully delivered fighter planes to java in a failing effort to reinforce forces there resisting japanese invasion .
4	the expedition returned to java in april after having utterly failed .
18	while goldberg and kraus were on a tour of asia , they and their families were interned in java by the japanese from 1942 to 1945 .
5	at the panarub factory in java , 33 workers were fired after striking for better pay in 2005 .
3	yanel is a java / xml based open-source content management system / content management framework featuring versioned interfaces as an approach to provide backwards compatibility at all times and hence replacing the classical approach of periodical releases by continuous deployment .
40	the search for a fossil showing transitional traits between apes and humans , however , was fruitless until the young dutch geologist eugène dubois found a skullcap , a molar and a femur on the banks of solo river , java in 1891 .
5	architecture idempiere consists of a java server ( based on an apache tomcat container ) with a zk web gui .
33	outside of the region in which austroasiatic languages are currently spoken or have a historically attested presence , haplogroup o-m95 reaches its highest frequencies among the populations of the islands of sumatra , java , bali , and borneo in western and central indonesia .
2	written in java .
56	see also extended backus–naur form augmented backus–naur form translational backus-naur form syntax diagram ( railroad diagram ) definite clause grammar , a more expressive alternative to bnf used in prolog wirth syntax notation , an alternative to bnf from 1977 pseudocode , a similar concept metalanguage software using bnf antlr , another parser generator written in java bnf converter ( bnfc ) coco/r , compiler generator accepting an attributed grammar in ebnf dms software reengineering toolkit , program analysis and transformation system for arbitrary languages gold bnf parser gnu bison , gnu version of yacc rpa bnf parser .
37	mortuary temple ( candi ) of kertanegara kertanegara of singasari ( full name sri maharaja sri kertanegara wikrama dharmatunggadewa ) ( died 1292 ) , was the last and most important ruler of the singhasari kingdom of java , reigning from 1268 to 1292 .
19	in a related use of this sense of a message , in object-oriented programming language such as smalltalk or java , a message is sent to an object , specifying a request for action .
13	the second is a no-longer developed open-source graphical database designer tool written in java .
41	concursive , until october 2007 named centric crm , is a software company located in norfolk , virginia that offers the concoursesuite product , a customer relationship management application , and concourseconnect , a social software application , both based on java / j2ee .
10	for example , db2 udb , cobol , pl/i , java and the ibm xml toolkit support utf-16 on ibm mainframes .
13	in early march 1942 the allied forces were evacuating civilians and wounded from java through broome , western australia , and on to perth .
14	smiley has authored books on visual basic , c# , c + + and java .
6	supported target languages are php , java and perl .
6	the technology 's focus is large-scale java and scala code bases .
20	it applies especially to the ethnic chinese populations of the british straits settlements of malaya and the dutch-controlled island of java and other locations , who have adopted nusantara customs -- partially or in full -- to be somewhat assimilated into the local communities .
13	it contains only one species , eugauria albidentata , which is found on java .
12	xdoclet is an open-source code generation library that enables attribute-oriented programming for java via insertion of special javadoc tags .
25	over half the construction cost of 5,000 spanish dollars was donated by the armenian community in singapore , with the rest coming from armenians in java and india , and a small portion from european and chinese merchant in singapore .
6	architecture and technology fastest is a java application based on the community z tools ( czt ) project .
36	it features syntax highlighting for many programming languages : asp , assembly language , c , c++ , c# , common gateway interface ( cgi ) , cascading style sheets ( css ) , html , java , javascript , nsis , pascal , perl , php , python , sql , visual basic ( vb ) , vbscript , xhtml , and xml .
19	sheikh achmad khotib al-syambasi atau ( also known as sheikh ahmad khatib ibn abdul ghaffar al-sambasi al-jawi ) from java merged this tariqas and founded the qadiriyyah wa an-naqshbandiyyah tariqa .
5	tombo ati is a traditional java song composed by sunan bonang , one of wali sanga .
4	it is found on java , borneo , the bismarck archipelago and new guinea .
9	the apache commons math library implements the algorithm in java .
16	there are churches in sumba , flores , rote-ndao , kupang , timor , bali , java , sulawesi .
12	template systems an example of a beginner-friendly hex editor , written in java .
68	banta , basantia , basudebpur blocks & villages respectively in which village various melas are organised in various days of the year out of which panchuka purnima which is celebrating in a very great fun of people in which boat is sailed in the big pond of basantia village in the memories of oriya sadhabas , who was going to make their business in the near islands like java and borneo , indonesia for too many days .
14	interfaces rest api in addition to providing a number of interfaces ( e.g. , java , c# , webshell , webdav ) the sones graph database also offers a rest api .
103	higher compatibility between sco and linux than any other unix/linux combination , mainly as a result of caldera 's long standing sco focus that created products like abi and thus resulted in ports of sco code to linux a good back-office and database solution while linux specialized in networking ( lamp ) and client desktop , a very appealing combination in challenging sun and microsoft a global infrastructure ( presence in about 80 countries ) , caldera was domestic thousands of business applications targeted to vertical market some of the 3rd party components needed to get hp-ux , aix , solaris 3rd party java applications ported to linux from a technical standpoint however caldera openlinux really shone during the ransom love years .
16	a. alecto is confined to montane forest above 1000 m from peninsular malaysia , sumatra and java .
6	languages allegrograph has client interfaces for java , python , ruby , perl , c# , clojure , and common lisp .
25	online gambling scratchcards by around 2010 online versions of virtual '' scratchcard '' ( not physical cards ) gambling games which utilized macromedia flash and java to simulate scratching a card on a computer were available .
15	it is found growing in such places as papua new guinea ( kusta ) , java , borneo , truk islands ( ais ) and prolifically on the sea front and in the river valleys of fiji ( makita ) .
7	culture most major cities , especially on java , have one or more venues that have a dangdut show several times a week .
18	it supports many programming languages including : c , cascading style sheets ( css ) , html , java , javascript , perl , php , python , ruby and xml .
7	it is found in western malaysia and java .
4	it is implemented in java .
60	jpg female kuda lumping dancer in cemoro village , temanggung ( 2011 ) modern kuda lumping ( or jaran kepang ) procession in yogyakarta ( 2008 ) kuda kepang ( woven bamboo horses , also known as kuda lumping or jaran kepang ) originate in the state of johor and performances are often given at weddings by malayan men of java origin in singapore and elsewhere .
15	spathulata - new zealand north island coprosma strigulosa lauterb. - samoa coprosma sundana miq. - java coprosma × tadgellii w.r.b. oliv .
15	it is found in taiwan , china , india , sri lanka , malaya , java , sumatra , the philippines , borneo , new guinea , micronesia , the bismarck islands , the solomon islands and são tomé & principe .
28	history the first fossilized skeletal remains and indication of early ` proto-australian ' southeast asian inhabitants surfaced in 1920 during an excavation by dubois on the island of java .
32	the sunda pangolin ( manis javanica ) , also known as the malayan or javan pangolin , is a species of pangolin found in southeast asia , including thailand , indonesia ( java , sumatra , borneo , and the lesser sunda islands ) , vietnam , laos , cambodia , malaysia , and singapore .
7	kroeung from india , by way of java , cambodians have been taught the art of blending spices into a paste using many ingredients like cardamom , star anise , clove , cinnamon , nutmeg , ginger and turmeric .
10	cinderella cinderella is very different from gsp , written in java .
13	it is a specification put out by sun microsystems for the use of java on embedded devices with very limited displays .
4	multivalue databasic like the java programming language , the typical databasic compiler compiles to p-code and runs in a p-machine .
7	the platform-independent control software is written in java , and contains plugins for i2c and spi protocol analyzer .
20	melati putih is also the most important flower in wedding ceremonies for ethnic indonesians , especially in the island of java .
29	distribution glyptothorax species are distributed in the black sea basin , northern turkey , south and east to the yangtze river drainage in china and south throughout indo-china to java , indonesia .
11	prova is an open source programming language that combines prolog with java .
30	operator overloading in some programming languages an operator may be ad-hoc polymorphic , that is , have definitions for more than one kind of data , ( such as in java where the + operator is used both for the addition of numbers and for the concatenation of strings ) .
9	auribeau died a month later and rossel sailed from java in january 1795 on board a dutch ship , arriving at table bay in april 1795 .
25	kgpaa paku alam ix ( born as ambarkusumo , 7 may 1938 , in yogyakarta ) is the current ruler of pakualaman , in central java , indonesia .
50	the following languages are natively supported by notepad + + as of version 6.6 : ada , asp , assembly , autoit batch c , c++ , c# , caml , cmake , cobol , coffeescript , css d , diff flash actionscript , fortran gui4cli haskell , html inno java , javascript , jsp kixtart lisp , lua makefile , matlab , ms-dos , ini file nsis , normal text file objective-c pascal , perl , php , postscript , powershell , properties , python r , resource file , ruby shell , scheme , smalltalk , sql tcl , tex visual basic , vhdl , verilog xml yaml users can also define their own language ( for syntax highlighting ) and its respective api ( for autocompletion ) by using the built-in user language define system .
22	it occurs in diverse habitats throughout southeast asia , including andaman & nicobar islands , thailand , philippines , peninsular malaysia , java , borneo , sumatra , sulawesi , indo-china and lesser sunda islands .
3	mallet is a java '' machine learning for language toolkit '' .
14	development libraries treemapping libraries are available for : adobe flex : , , : java : , , , , javascript : , , protovis ( slated to be replaced by d3 .
6	queen coralbead ( india east to java ) cocculus sarmentosus ( lour. ) diels ( taiwan ) formerly placed here jateorhiza palmata ( lam .
27	visit of d. fock , governor-general of the netherlands indies , to kalijati in 1922 suryadarma air force base is one of 9 indonesian airforce bases on java .
8	supported gui toolkits guidancer supports the testing of java ( swing , swt / rcp ) , web ( html ) , .
6	lmax exchange has open sourced its java implementation of the disruptor component and a number of other libraries .
3	he died on java after that date .
33	benda is about 400 meters above sea level and alongside a valley , which means that the climate in the village is a little cooler than the lowland cities along the coast of java .
10	baluran national park is situated at the north-eastern extremity of java , close to the islands of bali and madura .
13	while the madurese have their roots on madura off the northeastern coast of java , the majority of madurese do not now live on that island .
24	a programmer would work in a development environment such as microsoft visual studio for development in a .net framework application or eclipse for a java - based application .
29	richardson 's own view is that a study of placenames ( toponymy ) on '' jave la grande '' identifies it as unmistakably connected to the coasts of southern java and indochina .
5	this open-source software written in java is developed in projects , and productized with commercial-level support by red hat .
27	distribution mobile games can be distributed in one of four ways : over the air ( ota ) - a game binary file ( usually brew or java ) is delivered to the mobile device via wireless carrier networks .
12	it contains the single species bryantia caudata , which is found on java .
41	yongle emperor was afraid that zhu yunwen would be back to claim his right , so he sent three commanders to find him : the first was wan lian fu who went to champa , the second yan qin went to java , while zheng he made his famous seven journeys .
20	several open source programs have become defining entries in their space , including the gimp image editing system ; sun's java programming language and environment ; the mysql database system ; the freebsd unix operating system ; libreoffice office productivity suite ; activecollab for project management and the wireshark network packet sniffer and protocol analyser .
19	in indonesia , it is found on the islands of sulawesi , kalimantan , nias , bangka , and java .
26	oo advocates point out that inheritance/subtyping models need not be limited to trees ( though this is a limitation in many popular oo languages such as java ) , but non-tree oo solutions are seen as more difficult to formulate than set-based variation-on-a-theme management techniques preferred by relational .
23	patih or pepatih is a regent title which was traditionally used among austronesian polities of insular southeast asia , in particular those of java and the malay world .
2	written in java and mainly used in corporate environments , it is developed and marketed by atlassian .
4	many engines use a java - like syntax , while some allow the definition of custom business-friendly languages .
19	originally , all game interactions were carried out through sms , but later updates included implementing the game in java the mission of the game was to locate and destroy other players .
21	file compare ( only byte by byte ) exporting of data to several formats source code ( c , pascal , java , c# , vb.net ) formatted output ( plain text , html , rtf , tex ) hex files ( intel hex , motorola s-record ) statistical view : graphical representation of the character distribution .
15	however , more studies claim that this writing scheme might have been possibly introduced by java muslims .
15	many other programming languages have been influenced by c + + , including c# , java , and newer versions of c ( after 1998 ) .
24	1511 -- 12 -- antónio de abreu sails through the strait of malacca , between sumatra and bangka , and along the coasts of java , bali , lombok , sumbawa , and flores to the '' spice islands '' ( maluku ) .
12	pirate galaxy is a free-to-play , massively multiplayer online game written in java in which players operate spaceships , explore various planets , mine minerals from orbit , fight other players and computer enemies in planetary combat .
17	as here defined , it is a monotypic species that is endemic to highland forests in eastern java , indonesia .
14	it is located at the westernmost end of the lesser sunda islands , between java to the west and lombok to the east .
12	there are also reports of isolated populations in vietnam , sabah and java .
6	his boyhood years were spent in java , and he had preserved in all his nature a certain tropical magnificence .
32	history the release of afc ( along with j/direct ( instead of jni ) , and wfc ) , was part of an effort by microsoft to gain leadership on the growing java community .
51	previously in 1870 , the king had had his entourage dress in a combination of chong kraben ( a wrap worn with part of the fabric folded back between the legs and tucked behind the waist ) and western suit jacket , socks and shoes during his visit to singapore and java .
76	society is still highly tribal , with the old seyyid aristocracy , descended from the prophet muhammad , traditionally educated and strict in their islamic observance and highly respected in religious and secular affairs hadhrami diaspora since the early 19th century , large-scale hadhramaut migration has established sizable hadhrami minorities all around the indian ocean , in south asia , southeast asia and east africa including hyderabad , bhatkal , gangolli , malabar , sylhet , java , sumatra , malacca and singapore .
9	i-jetty is an open source web container , serving java - based web content such as , servlets and jsp .
23	karang mas or karang mas shoal ( gosong karang mas ) is a reef located off the northeastern tip of the island of java , about 15 km offshore at the southern entrance to madura strait .
6	as well as applications written in java investors the company 's investors are uv partners , sigma partners , hummer winblad and partech international .
18	visual j + + ( pronounced '' jay plus plus '' ) was microsoft 's specific implementation of java .
15	google developed protocol buffers for use internally and has made protocol compilers for c++ , java and python available to the public under a free software , open source license .
28	it is possibly the rarest large mammal on earth , with a population of as few as 40 in ujung kulon national park at the western tip of java in indonesia .
24	distribution and habitat the flying fox is a bottom-dweller that thrives in fast-flowing foothill rivers and streams of the thai-malay peninsula , borneo , java and sumatra in southeast asia .
10	red5 is a leading open-source media streaming server implemented in java , which provides services similar to those offered by the proprietary adobe flash media server and wowza streaming engine including : streaming video ( flv , f4v , mp4 , 3gp ) streaming audio ( mp3 , f4a , m4a , aac ) recording client streams ( flv and avc+aac in flv container ) shared objects live stream video publishing ( flv , vp6 ) live stream audio publishing ( mp3 , aac ) remoting ( action message format ) protocols : rtmp , rtmpt , rtmps , and rtmpe the project was started in september 2005 and as of 2008 is now maintained at google code .
14	in javaserver pages ( jsp ) technology , a scriptlet is a piece of java - code embedded in the html - like jsp code .
23	db2 has apis for rexx , pl/i , cobol , rpg , fortran , c++ , c , delphi , .net cli , java , python , perl , php , ruby , and many other programming languages .
16	besides developing games for various handheld formats , dynamo launched several applications for mobile phones using java technology .
5	it is found on western java .
9	; bounds-checking elimination : many languages , for example java , enforce bounds-checking of all array accesses .
6	he stayed on the island of java and the rest of the indonesian archipelago from 1873 to 1876 and from 1890 to 1893 .
14	exo platform is an open source , standard-based , enterprise social platform written in java and distributed under the gnu lesser general public license .
5	in some languages ( e.g. java ) some forms of unreachable code are explicitly disallowed .
10	in early december , shortly before he reached batavia on java , linois stopped at the minor british trading town of bencoolen .
35	escorted by british light cruiser until this ship was relieved by light cruiser at 1630 on 22 january , the convoy 's escort soon swelled to three cruisers and four destroyers as the convoy neared java .
15	programming ate the ate computer uses modern computer languages ( like c , c++ , java , labview or smalltalk ) with additional statements to control the ate equipment through standard and proprietary application programming interface ( api ) .
45	coastal populations in borneo are largely muslim in belief , however these groups ( tidung , bulungan , paser , melanau , kadayan , bakumpai , bisayah ) are generally considered to be islamized dayaks , native to borneo , and heavily influenced by the java majapahit kingdoms and islamic malay sultanates .
21	z26 -- another open source , multiplatform customizable emulator ( windows , ms-dos , linux ) javatari -- open-source , multiplatform java based emulator with network multiplayer features and a real console panel user interface .
11	p. sumatranum is found in thailand , sumatra , borneo and java .
8	wachusett departed singapore on 5 june 1919 for java in the netherlands east indies .
9	he was attacked by the king of majapahit of java , king batara tamavill for declaring himself as ` mjeura ' ( those who dare ) and fled to temasik ( singapore ) .
41	interpretation the legend is sundanese folklore to explain the origin of the name pamali river , as well as to explain the origin of sundanese relationship with javanese ; as the two competing brothers that ruled on the same island ( java ) .
10	the development of web-based graphics technologies such as flash and java allowed browser games to become more complex .
13	formulation of the dutch ethical policy students in agricultural school for indonesians in java .
13	range the orange awlet is found in india , myanmar , malaysia , java , singapore and north vietnam .
12	it is found in singapore and on peninsular malaysia , borneo and java .
7	teashark is a mobile web browser for java midp 2.0 .
16	history in 1813 the methodist 's british conference approved the establishment of missions in ceylon , java and the cape of good hope .
1	in java , the japanese jailed syarif abdul hamid alqadrie , the son of sultan syarif mohamad alkadrie ( sjarif mohamed alkadri ) .
20	from 1874 to 1878 he collected natural history specimens in australia , new zealand , fiji , samoa , and java .
14	with the release of coldfusion mx 6.0 , the engine had been re-written in java and supported its own runtime environment , which was easily replaced through its configuration options with the runtime environment from sun .
9	stardog is a semantic graph database , implemented in java .
17	his conclusion is that '' jave la grande '' is unmistakably connected to the coast of south-west java and the southern coast of vietnam .
11	behaviour bantengs ( cows ) in alas purwo national park , java , indonesia banteng live in sparse forest where they feed on grasses , bamboo , fruit , leaves and young branches .
7	opencard framework ( ocf ) provides a java api to access both to smart card readers and to the applications embedded on the smart card .
17	elki : a university research project with advanced cluster analysis and outlier detection methods written in the java language .
23	tigase is an open source ( agpl3 ) project started by artur hefczyc in october 2004 to develop an xmpp server implementation in java .
8	in javanese language , the term also means java ( geographically : tanah jawi , or ethnically : tiyang jawi ) nanyang nanyang ( 南洋 ) ( literally meaning '' southern ocean '' ) , is a chinese term denoting the greater maritime southeast asia region not only indonesia , but also including malaysia , philippines , singapore , and brunei , but usually excluding other mainland southeast asian nations , especially the other nations on the indochinese peninsula .
16	codecharge can export code to all major programing languages , such as asp.net , asp , java , coldfusion , php , and perl .
13	he was also heavily involved in the conquest of the indonesian island of java from dutch and french military forces during the napoleonic wars and contributed to the expansion of the british empire .
37	designed as an end-to-end development environment to allow systems to be coded in one language from the database server down to the clients , it also provides api s for other languages , including .net framework , java , c / c++ and web service .
17	later in december the remainder of the air echelon flew b-17 's from the united staates to java , with the unit establishing its headquarters in australia .
13	sourcekibitzer was an initiative to collect and measure programming metrics from open source java project hosted all over the web in order to get an idea about the quality of code , member activity , development process and project size .
25	html5/javascript gwt google web toolkit is an open source set of tools that allows web developer to create and maintain complex javascript front-end applications in java .
8	the pattern was later migrated by taligent to java and popularized in a paper by taligent cto mike potel .
1	unlike java , the soil is not fertile enough to make it a major agricultural producer .
18	after a grueling journey , including an attack by hostile natives on sumatra , they reached batavia on java .
9	however , arachne has no support for javascript , java or ssl .
7	it also includes interfaces for com and java .
13	from its native sulawesi , the badik soon spread to neighbouring islands like java , borneo , sumatra and as far as the malay peninsula , creating a wide variety of badik according to each region and ethic group .
12	destabilization of the sultan 's palace at the time of raffles ruled java replaced janssens , sultanate yogyakarta threatened dibubarkan .
33	torajans , particularly younger ones , relocated to work for the foreign companies -- to kalimantan for timber and oil , to papua for mining , and to the cities of sulawesi and java .
6	invista 's management tool is a java - based gui called invista element manager ( a cli is also available ) .
29	australia was linked to british telegraph cables directly in 1870 , by extending a line from singapore to port darwin , although it ran through the dutch territory of java .
10	biography kartini was born into an aristocratic javanese family when java was part of the dutch colony of the dutch east indies .
14	the intention of the program was to move millions of indonesians from over-crowded populated java , bali and madura to other less populated regions , such as ambon , lesser sunda islands and papua .
26	it is found from the oriental tropics to the moluccas , including india , nepal , vietnam , cambodia , myanmar , thailand , malaysia , java , bali , sumatra , timor , flores , sulawesi , the philippines , china and taiwan .
3	jake2 is a java port of the gpl release of the quake ii game engine .
34	the sunda strait - with panaitan identified panaitan ( prinsen , or prince 's island ; sometimes also princess island ) ( 1450 m ) is an island in the sunda strait , between java and sumatra .
6	this is similar to the way java and the ucsd pascal systems work , but with true high optimization compiled code , not interpreted code or '' just in time '' compiled code .
1	the java degree ( framework ) implements sfa ( part 1 ) and various other ogc standards .
10	on 2 january 1942 hawaiian planter departed with cargo for java in the effort to build forces there .
12	however , in 1723 coffee began to be imported to europe from java , and in the 1740s from the west indies .
23	rudolph h.c.c. scheffer rudolph herman christiaan carel scheffer ( born 12 september 1844 in spaarndam , netherlands - died 1880 in singaraja , java , dutch east indies ) was a dutch botanist .
26	middle ages trade routes in eurasia and north africa c. 870 ce ; 2nd century : roman traders reach siam , cambodia , sumatra , and java .
4	he left blambangan , java with his family earlier that year .
5	ksar is a bsd licensed java based application to create graph of all parameters from the data collected by unix sar utilities .
11	slimweb is an open-source lightweight framework for developing web application in java .
13	atlas is a chart/map support for flightgear ; kelpie flight planner is a java based flight planner for flightgear .
2	however , java and c are also popular , but inappropriate for some projects .
11	in 1950s his father moved from rote island to yogyakarta on java island where his father rose to local prominence as an educator and one of the founders of the gadjah mada university ; and a thoroughfare connecting the business area of yogyakarta and the university campus is named in his honor .
5	a magnitude 5.1 earthquake struck java , indonesia on january 10 , killing one person .
14	among all islands containing indonesian territory , it is the 10th most populous after java , sumatra , borneo , sulawesi , new guinea , bali , madura , lombok , and timor .
14	islam was also introduced from india , and had become the dominant religion in java and sumatra by the end of the 16th century .
46	it combines a software stack with a code generation engine to build services that work efficiently to a varying degree and seamlessly between c# , c++ ( on posix - compliant systems ) , cappuccino , cocoa , delphi , erlang , go , haskell , java , node.js , ocaml , perl , php , python , ruby and smalltalk .
16	) , 1437 , 1457ff ) jaunpur ( 1420 ) japan ( every 10 years ) java ( 1372 , 1381 , 1404 , 1407 , every three years for some time after 1443 ) jienzhou ( ?
38	buddhist temple near tanjung on the north coast the island 's indigenous sasak people are predominantly muslim however before the arrival of islam lombok experienced a long period of hindu and buddhist influence that reached the island through java .
9	the first victim with the advent of daendels to java is banten .
15	asia in the indies he worked for a short term as physician at cirebon , java , after which he was appointed to dejima in japan .
13	in several programming language , such as c , c++ , c# , java , perl , ruby and python , a caret ( ^ ) is used to denote the bitwise xor operator .
20	moderate tropical storm hilwa on february 5 , a small patch of thunderstorms that formed off the southern cost of java grouped together to form a low pressure area which quickly started to drift westwards .
8	early years kho was born and raised in java to a poor family in an eggplant farm where his father , han ting was the head of the village .
2	thus in java , royal palace is called keraton , constructed from ke - - an circumfix and ratu , to describe the residence of ratu .
15	use of gluegen in jogl for jogl , gluegen is used to bind opengl to java , and to the low-level windowing system application programming interface ( apis ) on the microsoft windows , x window system and mac os x platforms .
4	it is found on java , bali , sumatra , nias and japan .
21	it is found from south africa through india to the pacific , including australia , the cook islands , guam , java and réunion .
6	pages and components are developed in java while templates can be written in velocity , freemarker or jsp .
18	giriloyo is a locality and graveyard in the wukirsari valley north east of imogiri , in southern central java or the yogyakarta region , indonesia .
25	during pleistocene glacial maxima , the sea level was lower than at present and the islands of the sunda shelf ( sumatra , borneo and java ) and the asian mainland were connected by lowlands traversed by rivers .
28	to cope with demand , rach recruited assistants , most often unknown , who worked in his style and are probably responsible for most of the drawings from java signed to him .
3	rajendra chola annexed java , sumatra , bali , parts of malaysia , brunei islands and demanded tribute from myanmar , thailand and cambodia .
35	in february 1942 , however , as the situation in the pacific worsened , the australian government decided that the division should be brought back to australia rather than be committed to the fighting in java , or in burma .
18	in addition to cpython , there are other '' production-quality '' python implementations : jython , written in java , pypy , and ironpython , which is written for the common language infrastructure .
21	; microsoft visual j++ / microsoft visual j # : microsoft visual j + + was microsoft 's implementation of the java language ( with microsoft-specific extensions ) and associated language services .
4	there is also a java based implementation called that is currently compatible with mos specification 2.8.2 .
3	jxworkbench - a java - based plugin to jxplorer that includes directory reporting using the jasperreports reporting engine .
29	many of the barangay were , to varying extents , under the de jure jurisprudence of one of several neighboring empires , among them the malay sri vijaya , java majapahit , brunei , melaka empires , although de facto had established their own independent system of rule .
52	the main tasks of the committee were to deliver concerns , formulate opinions and sum up the sights of ahlul sunnah scholars regarding the issues to be delivered to the new ruler of saudi arabia , to form a delegation to go to the hejaz and to contact other islamic scholars in java and madura .
15	this species can be found in malaysia , borneo , sumatra , nias island and java .
27	there were a large number of black swans on the river which drew captain vlamingh 's attention and his crew captured several and took them back to java .
3	it works with java enabled devices .
34	it is endemic to southwestern and southern china ( including taiwan and hainan ) and throughout southern asia from northern pakistan and nepal through india to sri lanka , andaman island , sumatra , java , borneo , and bali .
15	it is similar to apache ant , but targeted at the .net environment rather than java .
9	the sixth generation product , bbj , developed in java , is available for microsoft windows , unix / linux , and mac os x .
16	the highest concentration of mangifera genus is in the western part of malesia ( sumatra , java and borneo ) and in burma and india .
30	haplogroup c-m217 has been found less frequently in other parts of southeast asia and nearby areas , including laos ( 1/25 = 4.0 % lao from luang prabang ) , java ( 1/37 = 2.7 % ) , nepal ( 2/77 = 2.6 % general population of kathmandu ) , thailand ( 1/40 = 2.5 % thai , mostly sampled in chiang mai ) , the philippines ( 1/48 = 2.1 % , 1/64 = 1.6 % ) , and bali ( 1/641 = 0.2 % ) .
12	globally executable mhp ( gem ) is a dvb specification of a java based middleware for tv broadcast receivers , iptv terminals and blu-ray players .
13	usage in educational institutions bluej is the primary recommended learning software for the java section of the computer application course in icse and isc schools all over india , where it is considered the de facto software for learning the basics of object oriented programming and has proven extremely popular due to its ease of use and wide support in schools and educational centers .
3	it is a java - based application programming interface for wikipedia and allows programmatic access to all information contained in wikipedia .
37	logical components the oracle database olap option offers : an olap analytic engine workspace an analytic workspace manager ( awm ) a worksheet environment olap dml for ddl and dml an interface from sql an analytic workspace java api a java-based olap api physical implementation the oracle database tablespace cwmlite stores olapsys schema object and integrates oracle database olap option with the oracle warehouse builder ( owb ) .
27	omorgus costatus is a species of beetle of the family trogidae that occurs in australia , tasmania , the solomon islands , new guinea , vietnam , java , india and china .
24	it dates back at least as far as the fortran programming language and is currently found in c 's math.h standard library , the java math library , .
46	in 1347 , giovanni de ' marignolli visited the shrine of st thomas in south india , and then proceeded to what he calls the kingdom of saba , and identifies with the sheba of scripture , but which seems from various particulars to have been java .
15	it is found in india , china , malaysia , the philippines , taiwan , java and japan .
1	in java , bell metal mixtures including tin were used not only for the manufacture of figurine , objet d'art , sculptures and household goods for the wealthy , they were employed for the gong , saron , demung and numerous other struck glockenspiel - like instruments of the javanese gamelan ensemble .
15	essentially it is a client -- server system an implemented fully with the programming language java .
14	it is said that the realm map is best to be experienced through the java based batclient interactive map features or by viewing the google maps hack available for the web browsers .
8	it is endemic to the indonesia islands of java and bali .
13	atunes is a free , cross-platform audio player for operating systems supporting the java programming language ( linux and other unix-like os 's , windows , mac ) .
12	most came from soerabaja ( surabaya ) and other large cities on java .
9	it then sails east along the north coast of java losing twelve crew to a javanese attack at sidayu and killing a local ruler in madura .
8	javanese today distribution map of languages spoken in java , madura , and bali .
0	java 's remote method invocation ( rmi ) kde 's desktop communications protocol ( dcop ) - now deprecated .
20	the alphaworks program has launched early release technology implementations in nascent technology communities of software developers , in areas like java technology , xml and web services .
9	distribution it is native to brunei ; flores , java , kalimantan and sumatra in indonesia ; the sabah and sarawak states of malaysia ; and the sulu archipelago of the philippines .
11	objects are examined for potentially harmful or unwanted content such as java , url , metadata and other forms of active content .
20	npb 3 npb 3 retained the mpi implementation from npb 2 and came in more flavors , namely openmp , java and high performance fortran .
39	distribution dasia olivacea is found south of approximately 15° north in southeast asia , including parts of myanmar , thailand , viet nam , laos , malaysia and singapore as well as throughout the island of borneo , on java , sumatra and nearby indonesia islands , and the india andaman and nicobar islands .
4	no other mosque in java is known to have a drum tower of this type .
6	many old manuscripts dated from ancient java , indonesia , were written on rontal palm-leaf manuscript .
33	as a teenager , ghosh was selected by the first non-european nobel prize-winning poet laureate rabindranath tagore to be a teacher in santiniketan and sent across india and even to sri lanka , java and bali to further his musical education for that purpose .
7	a magnitude 7.3 earthquake struck south of java , indonesia on february 27 at a depth of 0.0 km .
18	it is found in sri lanka , india , china ( hainan ) , taiwan , borneo , java , sulawesi , the moluccas , queensland , new caledonia , the solomon islands , vanuatu , fiji , samoa and tonga .
10	there are four recognized subspecies : cynopterus horsfieldii horsfieldii - java and islands east to sumbawa cynopterus horsfieldii harpax - thailand , peninsular malaysia , sumatra cynopterus horsfieldii persimilis - borneo cynopterus horsfieldii princeps - nias biology and behavior horsfield 's fruit bats eat the fruit of strangler fig , elaeocarpus , and payena , and the flowers of bitter bean .
12	acrocercops marmarauges is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from java , indonesia .
7	setail river is a river in northern java , indonesia .
14	the n. flagelliforme and n. commune varieties are consumed in china , japan and java , n. commune is also consumed in the andes .
16	on 20 january 2006 , he was arrested again for using a fake identity card in java , where he was visiting his son who was said to be studying at a religious school there .
8	it is known from bunna , sumatra and java .
27	military career early career born the son of major charles frederick napier , who was wounded at the storming of meester cornelis ( now jatinegara ) in java on ( 26 august 1810 ) and died some months later , and catherine napier ( née carrington ) , napier was educated at addiscombe military seminary before being commissioned into the bengal engineers on 15 december 1826 .
15	under his direction infor updated big industry-specific applications from older software languages to .net and java programming languages .
7	; orchestra designer the designer is a java ide .
34	infection a vundo infection is typically caused either by opening an e-mail attachment carrying the trojan , or through a variety of browser exploit , including vulnerabilities in popular browser plug-ins , such as java .
10	it is found in laos , thailand , borneo , java , malaysia , the philippines and sumatra in humid forests at elevations of 130 to 1700 meters .
7	serang river is a river in northern java , indonesia .
17	after the japanese invasion of singapore , 261 squadron was sent to reinforce the air force on java .
14	individual fossils original fossils of pithecanthropus erectus ( now homo erectus ) found in java in 1891 .
22	the idea was to design technology based on a profile that included diskless computers , commonly coded applications using languages such as java , and interface with the internet using common software such as netscape navigator .
15	they are found from sri lanka to china and japan and down to sumatra and java in indonesia .
12	for some languages ( such as mesa , pascal , modula , java and microsoft 's .net ) this practice is recommended by the language developers or by authoritative manuals and has therefore become part of the language 's '' culture '' .
22	some languages like smalltalk and ruby only allow access via object methods , but most others ( e.g. c++ , c# or java ) offer the programmer a degree of control over what is hidden , typically via keywords like public and private .
15	bima is the largest city on sumbawa and has ferry and bus service directly to java and bali , though service breakdowns are common .
4	object-oriented languages such as java , smalltalk .
22	james gosling cites ucsd pascal as a key influence ( along with the smalltalk virtual machine ) on the design of the java virtual machine .
43	this festival is held in odisha , in the city of cuttack at gadagadia ghata of the mahanadi river , to mark the day when ancient sadhaba ( oriya mariners ) would set sail to distant lands of bali , as well as java , sumatra , borneo ( all in indonesia ) , and sri lanka for trade and cultural expansion .
7	it is a cross-platform application written in java that runs on windows , linux , mac os , and other platforms that support the jvm .
3	the islands of java and bali were thus in contact with a franco-dutch administration .
9	coastal batik is produced in several areas of northern java and madura .
59	at the same time , there are several projects which are experimenting with tpm support in free operating systems ; examples of such projects include a tpm device driver for linux , an open source implementation of the tcg 's trusted software stack called trousers ( also ported to windows vista and windows 7 in 2010 ) , a java interface to tpm capabilities called tpm/j , and a tpm-supporting version of the grub bootloader called trustedgrub .
8	some object-oriented languages , such as c# , java , and ruby implement single inheritance , although protocols , or interfaces , provide some of the functionality of true multiple inheritance .
8	forced to spend the next three years on java he used the time to make the first thorough botanical investigation of the island , which had not previously been visited by naturalists except briefly by carl peter thunberg .
8	it is found in tonkin , and on java and sumatra .
8	subjects range from open , industry-standard technologies like java , linux , soa and web service , web development , ajax , php , and xml to ibm 's products ( websphere , rational , lotus , tivoli and information management ) .
4	sundel bolong , in java and malaysia mythology , the ghost of a woman who died when she was pregnant and gave birth in her grave so that the baby came out from her back where she has a large wound .
4	.net , python , java , php , and ruby developers can all write fhtml in their original language .
11	through this single act , he started the tea culture in java , a dutch colony at the time .
5	in 1924 he transferred to java , being employed at the pasteur institute in bandung , while in the meantime conducting studies of lizards and snakes native to the island .
5	the application is written in java using the equinox osgi framework with configuration dsl written groovy .
23	bonnie continued to move west-southwestwards but the storm began to slowly weaken as its deep convection decreased and interacted with the island of java .
37	implementations the canonical implementation is in c++ , but there are efficient ports for a variety of popular languages , including python , c , c# , perl , ruby , php , haskell , scala , java , erlang , and javascript together with online version .
23	aside from his work in theoretical computer science , savitch has written a number of textbooks for learning to program in c/c++ , java , ada , pascal and others .
22	jet engine tolerance to airborne particles in 1982 , the british airways flight 9 flew through volcanic ash of mount galunggung , java , indonesia , causing all 4 engines to shut down .
10	kotlin - an industrial programming language for jvm with full java interoperability .
19	reportnet uses web services standards such as xml and simple object access protocol and also supports dynamic html and java .
15	'' according to the church of scientology , hubbard was landed on the island of java '' in the closing days of february 1942 '' to search for '' stockpiled weapons and fast , shallow-draft vessels .
13	it is found in india ( sikkim ) and thailand and possibly on java .
44	he took photographs of buddhist sculptures at the old temples in nara and kyoto , as well as of ruins in foreign countries , such as the yungang grottoes in china ; angkor wat in cambodia ; and borobudur and candi prambananin in central java .
19	the ties between indonesia and india date back to the times of the ramayana , '' yawadvipa '' ( java ) is mentioned in india 's earliest epic , the ramayana .
11	these packages are developed primarily in r , and sometimes in java , c and fortran .
34	in 1921 the organization founded its own newspaper , de indische courant , which was run by the union 's president , w. burger , and appears in two editions on the island of java ; initially leaning social-democratic , under pressure from union members a more conservative editor in chief was installed .
25	french privateers rapidly spread along the british trade routes in the far east , becoming concentrated around the narrow sunda strait between the islands of java and sumatra in the dutch east indies .
8	she was on a voyage from liverpool to java .
38	for example , one underlying data-storage model and schema and technology could be accessed via a wide variety multiple different views -- e.g. , qt gui , microsoft mfc gui , gtk+ gui , microsoft .net gui , java swing gui , silverlight website , and ajax website -- where ( unlike traditional mvc ) the model is kept completely oblivious of what information flows toward these user interfaces .
28	their population of roughly 600,000 is centered in thirty villages in the isolated tengger mountains ( mount bromo ) within the bromo tengger semeru national park in east-central java .
7	durian river is a river in northern java , indonesia .
6	is an open-source decoder written in java .
17	in 1998 he then began working career at the idb , where he was employed as a java and visual basic language developer .
5	off the north coast off java on the evening of the 27th the remains of the abda fleet was surprised by the japanese heavy cruiser and .
18	their use has been reported from burma , the malay peninsula , indo-china , borneo , sumatra , java , kalimantan , sulawesi , the philippines , madagascar and south india .
17	the earthquake occurred around seven hours after the eruption of mount merapi on the indonesian island of java .
22	it is known from sri lanka , sumba , new guinea , india , china , taiwan , malaya , sumatra , java , borneo , the philippines , micronesia , the bismarck islands , the solomon islands , australia and vietnam .
5	his troopship was diverted to java in an ill-planned attempt to bolster the defences there .
21	the church of the sacred heart of jesus ( ) is a roman catholic church located in ganjuran , bantul , java , indonesia .
14	the tour d'indonesia is an annual professional road bicycle racing stage race held in java , indonesia since 2004 .
25	it is found in south-east asia , including sumatra , burma , annam , malacca , borneo , bangka island , nias , enggano and java .
14	in march 1996 , sun announced joe , a product to integrate neo with java .
35	acutangulum -- peninsular thailand , malesia : sumatra , malay peninsula , borneo , philippines foveolatum -- new guinea , solomon is . , queensland , nt , n. australia ; malesia : sumatra , java , flores , timor , moluccas dysoxylum alatum -- new guinea dysoxylum aliquantulum -- fiji endemic dysoxylum alliaceum -- new guinea , solomon is. , coastal central qld to the wet tropics and cape york ; throughout malesia ; peninsular thailand , andaman is . , se asia dysoxylum aneityense -- vanuatu dysoxylum angustifolium -- '' restricted to the river systems on the east of the malay peninsula '' dysoxylum annae -- nw lowland new guinea dysoxylum arborescens , mossman mahogany -- new guinea , pacific is . incl .
10	he also composed music influenced by that of bali and java decades before such compositions that were based on world music became widespread .
8	1944 world war ii : anti-japanese revolt on java .
6	november a magnitude 6.2 earthquake struck java , indonesia , on november 1 , at depth of 142 km .
11	he sent out a great naval expedition that occupied parts of java , malaya , and sumatra .
2	cruisecontrol - java - based framework for a continuous build process with many competitors .
5	the species is found in java and indonesia .
7	december 19 mount merapi volcano in central java , indonesia , erupts , destroying numerous villages and killing thirteen hundred people .
46	the squadron received 9 hawker hurricane at the end of january to partially replace the buffaloes , but by 31 january , losses and the ground situation forced a withdrawal to palembang , sumatra and a few days later to tjililitan airfield , near batavia , java , where dutch east indies buffalo squadrons were facing a similarly unequal fight .
10	seeds collected by ledger were subsequently planted in india and java .
11	built-in support for c , c + + , d , java , fortran , objective-c , yacc , lex , qt and swig , as well as tex and latex documents .
20	the raid on griessie was a british attack on the dutch port of griessie ( later renamed gresik ) on java in the dutch east indies in december 1807 during the napoleonic wars .
12	programming concepts core opengl api and glu library calls are available from java through a thin wrapper looking very much as the original opengl c api , except glu nurbs routines which are not exposed through the public api .
19	nanohttpd is an open-source , small-footprint web server that is suitable for embedding in applications , written in the java programming language .
13	in the 1413 expedition ( the 4th ) , he visited champa , java , sumatra , palembang , siam , kochi and hormuz .
7	the main influences for ferite are : java for objects , c and php for functions , scheme for closures , ruby for block calling , and c++ for namespaces .
12	vue is a free , open source concept map application written in java .
19	the main idea was to build a multi-purpose computational environment that is fully multiplatform and combine the best open-source java libraries .
3	programming interfaces for java and rest are included to extend and customize behavior .
29	laidlay was unable to identify the characters with those of any published sinhalese inscriptions , but found it identical with kawi , a literary language from the islands of java , bali and lombok based on old javanese with many sanskrit loanword .
7	it connects the city of surabaya in java with the island of madura .
7	some sources also list the species for java .
8	he also drew several landscapes of singapore , java and labuan during his visit there in 1848 .
13	it is found in taiwan , india , borneo , the philippines , java , china and korea .
15	beginning in 1940 , eyma worked as an assistant at herbarium bogoriense in bogor , java .
16	components eucalyptus has six components : eucalyptus components the cloud controller ( clc ) is a java program that offers ec2-compatible interfaces , as well as a web interface to the outside world .
24	however , marblehead was badly damaged by air attacks during the day , and stewart escorted her back to the base at tjilatjap , java .
18	it is cultivated throughout india , as well as in sri lanka , the northern malay peninsula , java , the philippines , and fiji .
15	jpg the main stupa crowning borobudur , the largest buddhist structure in the world , java , indonesia .
11	many officers that were considered '' troublemakers '' were sent to java and changi in august 1942 .
10	pluggable look and feel is a mechanism used in the java swing widget toolkit allowing to change the look and feel of the graphical user interface at runtime .
19	he worked in france for sun microsystems before moving to the united states where he has worked on various java projects .
7	many are included in present-day indonesia : java , smallest but by far the most populous ; sumatra in the west , directly across the strait of malacca from malaysia ; large borneo , the indonesian sector of which is called kalimantan ; and wishbone-shaped , distended sulawesi ( formerly celebes ) to the east .
24	marine biology case study the marine biology simulation case study ( mbcs ) was a program written in c++ until 2003 , then in java , for use with the a and ab examinations .
4	it is found on java and possibly borneo .
14	telur pindang is commonly found in indonesia , but it is more prevalent in java and south sumatra .
5	he spent several months in java and bali studying native styles of gamelan music , some of which he has performed in the greater los angeles area with other gamelan enthusiasts .
17	technology and implementation most of the online stock simulators run on either c , c # , java , javascript , asp or p hp with a mysql or postgresql database .
14	the bean scripting framework is a method of allowing the use of scripting in java code .
20	banten bay also known as bantam bay is a bay in banten province , near the north west tip of java , indonesia .
22	these had no other means of making a living , because , as europeans , they were forbidden to buy land on java .
22	stangeia xerodes is a moth of the pterophoroidae family that is found in most of mainland australia , the ryukyu islands and java .
4	fitnesse is written in java ( by robert c. martin and others ) .
10	hollywood career in 1944 she was cast as a fetching java girl in the story of dr. wassell .
18	in about 1579 , he conquered pajajaran , which was the last significant hindu - buddhist kingdom on java .
21	it currently has eleven precious artefacts , namely the singapore stone , the gold ornaments of the sacred hill from east java , dagguerreotype of singapore town which was one of the earliest photographs of singapore , the will of munshi abdullah , the portrait of frank athelstane swettenham , the hearse of tan jiak kim , a peranakan coffin cover , the mace of the city of singapore commemorating king george vi 's raising of the island 's status to a city in 1951 , the xin sai le puppet stage , william farquhar 's drawings of flora and fauna and the portrait of shenton thomas , who was the former governor of singapore .
15	he also worked as a journalist , traveling to egypt , india , ceylon and java .
8	technology the rescarta toolkit is a set of java applications and utility programs that create and maintain digital objects with associated metadata .
25	pamplemousse or pamplemoucier is the grapefruit tree ( citrus x paradisi ) , which grows in the region , possibly introduced by the dutch from java .
15	zlango ltd. , the israeli company which created and owns zlango , has released a java and brew application for mobile phones which uses the zlango icon language to create a new form of sms , called zms , using zlango 's icons instead of words .
8	within a few years the dutch colonies ( java in asia , suriname in the americas ) had become the main suppliers of coffee to europe .
11	the phases above were influenced by the emergence of empires in java .
4	context framework - a java - based web framework using xslt as sole templating language .
3	some chinese in java assisted in muslim attempts to reconquer the city using ships .
9	daphne a brig of 151 tons was constructed in java and arrived in australia 1814 and was owned by william campbell of sydney .
7	habitat inhabit , such as sumatra , java , malay peninsula , indochina subalpine zone -- between alpine .
37	january 24 , 2007 '' chairul anwar nidom of airlangga university in surabaya , indonesia , told journalists last week that he had taken blood samples from 500 stray cats near poultry markets in four areas of java , including the capital , jakarta , and one area in sumatra , all of which have recently had outbreaks of h5n1 in poultry and people .
12	in february 1942 , blackburn landed with a small australian force in java .
21	this original version was primarily designed as a tool for analyzing data from agricultural domains , but the more recent fully java - based version ( weka 3 ) , for which development started in 1997 , is now used in many different application areas , in particular for educational purposes and research .
27	a food handler is required to get a medical checkup and typhim vi injections , the pasar malam site is allocated by the local council. , in java , especially in javanese royal cities yogyakarta and surakarta , the grand week-long pasar malam is usually held annually during the sekaten festival to celebrate mawlid or the birthday of prophet muhammad .
11	at the time there were new vendors moving in the enterprise java space seemingly every week .
36	for that reason , and also because of its excellent horses and numerous water buffalo , the saleyar islands are often compared with madura , being of the same importance to celebes as is madura to java .
17	among other topics in his books of travel , zaleski described botanical gardens at buitenzorg ( in java ) and penang ( malaysia ) and several exotic plants he encountered during his travels .
21	generic programming features in other languages initially , the concept of templates was not included in some languages , such as java and c# 1.0 .
31	she got underway with , , , and for makassar strait and for the remainder of december acted as picket boat in the vicinity of lombok strait and soerabaja harbor , java .
1	complex java and .net applications have many of the same problems as older cobol applications .
3	the platform is java - based , but can broker interactions between other platforms such as .net using web service or sockets .
13	it is found in thailand , china , sri lanka , india , java and australia ( queensland ) .
22	the dutch army also opposed the development of a strong fleet in the nei , arguing that a land force centered on java would be better able to mount a prolonged resistance against a large invasion force and that reducing the size of the army to fund the fleet would leave it unable to suppress insurrections .
7	it is found in india and on java .
13	distribution only g. konigsbergeri does n't occur in australia but is endemic to java .
2	the island java has about 270 endemic orchid species .
32	monochrome java-based models ( 5000 and 6000 series ) most of these models were the first blackberry models that had a built-in mobile phone , were the first models that natively ran java , and transmitted data over the normal 2g cellular network .
8	these alternative implementations include jact-r ( written in java by anthony m. harrison at the naval research laboratory ) and python act-r ( written in python by terrence c. stewart and robert l. west at carleton university , canada ) .
35	sultan agung of mataram or sultan agung anyokrokusumo or sultan agung hanyokrokusumo ( ha and a are both written using the same character in javanese script ) was the third sultan of mataram in central java ruling from 1613-1645 .
15	the 1453 -- 1456 period of civil war in kingdom of majapahit ( now in java , indonesia ) from 1481 until 1483 in the kingdom of norway , during a conflict over the succession of john , during the period of the kalmar union .
9	the underlying platform of ou campus is developed in java , and uses xslt 3.0 for template transformation .
7	malay pilots guided the expedition east via java and along the lesser sundas before steering them north to banda via ambon .
34	the earliest written account of the city is the 10th-century laguna copperplate inscription which describes a malay kingdom in what is now manila maintaining diplomatic relations with the indianized kingdom of medang in modern-day java .
10	it is possible that remnant populations still occur in western java .
20	the quicksort algorithm is well known and readily available from libraries for software developers writing general-purpose applications in c++ or java , but some javascript implementations do not provide this specific algorithm .
0	java code and xtend code can be mixed inside the same project at will .
0	java compilers oberon compilers pascal compilers pl/i compilers python compilers scheme compilers and interpreters smalltalk compilers cli compilers open source compilers production quality , open source compilers .
7	life he was born in yogyakarta , java .
39	see also ropen , a pterosaur - like beast reported from papua new guinea kongamato , a bat - like beast reported from zambia ahool , a giant bat like an orang-bati , reported from the indonesian island of java and in vietnam .
8	mackenzie spent two years ( 1811-1812/13 ) in java , during the period of british occupation during the napoleonic wars .
18	it was first collected from the indonesia island of kembangan , located off the indian ocean coast of java .
24	textile was originally implemented in php , but has been translated into other programming language including perl , python , ruby , asp , java and c# .
6	it is known from borneo , java and sulawesi .
9	later , disaffected smiths and noble entourages emigrating from java brought these cannon-founding skill to philippines , brunei , malaysia and myanmar .
11	hudson is a continuous integration ( ci ) tool written in java , which runs in a servlet container , such as apache tomcat or the glassfish application server .
5	jqurantree is a set of java api for accessing and analyzing the quran , in its authentic arabic form .
28	while the gong likely originated in the geographical area between tibet and burma , it was part of every category of human activity in maritime southeast asia including java .
11	tempe bongkrèk tempe bongkrèk is a variety of tempeh from central java , notably banyumas regency , that is prepared with coconut .
25	in south east asia , the butterfly is found in thailand , laos , vietnam and hainan , malayan peninsula , singapore , sumatra , java , borneo , philippines , palawan , nias , sumbawa , anambas islands , and sulawesi .
13	it contains only one species , leptosophista aleatrix , which is found on java .
12	they moved to malang on the east side of the island of java , traveling out on in may 1897 , and had two children , norman-john macleod ( 30 january 1897 -- 27 june 1899 ) and louise jeanne macleod ( 2 may 1898 -- 10 august 1919 ) .
8	jawk is a project to implement awk in java , hosted on sourceforge .
8	the game helps people learn to program in java or , starting in version 1.7.2 , .net framework programming languages ( c# , vb.net , etc. ) .
9	vanda limbata is a species of orchid native to java , the lesser sunda islands and the philippines .
4	these are developed in java , silverlight and html / html5 .
7	dropping the most significant element sun 's java has at times had a hybrid system , where the internal version number has always been 1 .
12	in fact , runtime systems for modern programming languages ( such as java and the .net framework ) usually use some hybrid of the various strategies that have been described thus far ; for example , most collection cycles might look only at a few generations , while occasionally a mark-and-sweep is performed , and even more rarely a full copying is performed to combat fragmentation .
13	development using pyjamas , developers can write web applications in python instead of java .
19	jupdater is a project which aims to create a utility that allows developers to quickly implement version checks into java programs .
49	uranami was part of the escort for the heavy cruiser , , and out of samah and camranh bay , french indochina in support of '' operation l '' ( the invasion of banka and palembang and the anambas islands , '' operation j '' ( the invasion of java ) and '' operation t '' ( the invasion of northern sumatra ) .
71	sensu stricto are important ` new encounter ' pests of se asian cocoa including : h. antonii : india through to west irian h. bakeri : malay peninsula and philippines h. bradyi : sri lanka , malaysia , indonesia h. clavifer : sabah and papua new guinea h. collaris : philippines h. sulawesi : sulawesi h. sumatranus : sumatra ( with h. theobromae as a sub-species ) : india through to java afropeltis and other cocoa mirid pest species very similar to helopeltis , the african species were placed into afropeltis by schmitz ( 1968 ) ; these species usually have a lesser pests status than their asian counterparts , with sahlbergella singularis and distantiella theobromae causing greatest cocoa tree and crop damage .
31	calloselasma is a monotypic genus created for a venomous pitviper species , c. rhodostoma , which is endemic to southeast asia from thailand to northern malaysia and on the island of java .
14	cilacap is also a sea port on the southern coast of the island of java .
18	in may 2004 , bytonic software released a port of quake ii ( called jake2 ) written in java using jogl .
11	batik is a traditional art on tirta 's native island of java .
6	violence spread throughout the island of java , but the government exercised its power in february and imposed a 25-day ban on street protests .
13	it is native to china , taiwan , thailand , peninsular malaysia , java and borneo .
2	disadvantages like java , c # is syntactically simpler when dealing with managed code .
24	menhirs , dolmens , stone tables , ancestral stone statues , and step pyramid structure called punden berundak were discovered in various sites in java , sumatra , sulawesi , and the lesser sunda islands .
9	mosek provides interfaces to the c , c# , java and python languages .
18	the raiders were supported by 10 medium bombers and three or four seaplane based in sumatra and west java which conducted patrols in the direction of ceylon .
28	lumpur lapindo bakrie 's name has been mentioned in reference with the sidoarjo mud flow that erupted on 29 may 2006 in sidoarjo , a regency of eastern java , causing significant devastation to the environment and loss of life .
27	the emergence of baybayin and related scripts ( 1200 onwards ) the baybayin the script used in writing down the lci is kawi , which originated in java , and was used across much of maritime southeast asia .
38	early in 1944 , her aircraft provided air support during the gilbert and marshall islands campaign before she was transferred to the indian ocean for several months to support the british eastern fleet as it attacked targets in java and sumatra .
23	in 1941 , b squadron was sent to singapore as reinforcements , but with the fall of singapore , it was diverted to java where , after a brief fight , it was ordered to surrender and the men spent the rest of the war as prisoners of war .
23	indian air force indonesian air force ( tni-au ) c-47 dakota ri-001 seulawah was bought by the acehnese in 1948 and flown between java and sumatra .
12	programming and markup language support in these environments , c c++ eiffel java .net framework rebol ruby perl php python xml jsp and other ( nowadays ) unicode - based environments , they are defined in a format similar to bcp 47 .
18	code written in the haxe language can be source-to-source compiled into adobe flash applications , javascript programs , java , c# , c++ standalone applications ( to some extent ) , python , php , apache cgi , and node.js server-side applications .
29	when the philippines fell to the japanese , the asiatic fleet moved south and operated under a unified american-british-dutch-australian command ( abda ) from a base at surabaya , java .
12	it is found on the new hebrides , the solomon islands and java .
18	( ) : world war ii : the converted gunboat was torpedoed and sunk in ambon bay , java , netherlands east indies by ( ) .
23	long distance trade in dhows and sailboats made it a dynamic zone of interaction between peoples , cultures , and civilizations stretching from java in the east to zanzibar and mombasa in the west .
40	e.g. ` name example ' string - a series of unicode characters such as '' a b c '' reference types class delegate interface object pointer composite types array struct functions unrealscript uses functions similar to c / c++ / java .
26	public void increment ( ) ensures i ) 0 ; -lcb- i + + ; -rcb- checked exceptions spec # adds checked exceptions like those in java .
17	along with the popularity of the video , the band toured and performed in some cities in java and bali during 2007 -- 09 .
23	during the second world war , bull served with the british army in the far east and was killed at the fall of java in march 1942 , during the japanese offensives in the dutch east indies .
11	pasisir is the name given to the northern coastal region of java .
31	vosao ( vo-za ) is an open source content management system ( cms ) that enables you to build web site and web applications on the google app engine platform for java .
29	further distribution in china it can be found found in such provinces as guangxi , hainan , and yunnan , while in indonesia it is found on borneo , java and sumatra islands .
33	japanese bases established in borneo by this time made the blockade of the philippines effective so that most of the troops were unloaded at darwin australia with some sent forward to surabaja , java .
11	the following table illustrates the default mapping rules for when binding java values to external variables in xquery expressions .
22	the core of shogun is written in c + + and offers interfaces for matlab , octave , python , r , java , lua , ruby and c# .
19	following the attack , edwards escorted the damaged cruisers via lombok strait to tjilatjap on the southern coast of java .
18	it is known from nepal , north-eastern india , thailand , southern china and vietnam , sumatra , java and taiwan .
40	this idea was idea originally proposed by a. m. azahari , leader of the parti rakyat brunei ( brunei people 's party ) , who had forged links with sukarno 's nationalist movement , together with ahmad zaidi , in java in the 1940s .
5	woods also traveled extensively in java , the adjacent islands and the philippines , and provided the british government with a valuable confidential report on the coal resources of the east .
29	at 09 : 00 on 8 march , the commander-in-chief of the allied forces -- ter poorten -- announced the surrender of the royal netherlands east indies army in java .
24	the plant is widespread in india , and native in other parts of the indian subcontinent as well as in myanmar , malaysia , java and solomon islands .
18	during his childhood and teens , budi and his family lived in a number of different cities in java , including yogyakarta , bandung and semarang , due to the nature of his father 's position in the postal service .
5	oil palms were introduced to java by the dutch in 1848 , and to malaysia ( then the british colony of malaya ) in 1910 by scotsman william sime and english banker henry darby .
1	the java - based mmorpg runescape , a player can choose to train up all aspects of the game 's '' combat triangle '' ( warrior , mage & ranger ) , and use any class whenever they choose , or can focus on only one type of combat .
19	two of the species , a. javanica and a. longifolia can be found on mountainsides on the island of java in indonesia .
13	the srimpi ( also written as serimpi ) is a ritualized dance of java , indonesia , associated with the royal palaces of yogyakarta and surakarta .
14	flying out of this airfield , the f-111s could destroy '' vital centres in java '' ; just as importantly for deterrence purposes , hancock contended , enhancing the base 's capability would send a clear message to indonesia 's hierarchy .
26	the well-known spots are mostly located on the southern , indian ocean side of indonesia , for example , the large oceanic surf breaks on southern java .
23	the next goal is to provide solid support for dynamic programming such as that found in languages like borland 's object pascal , java , or objective-c .
11	it is found on borneo and peninsular malaysia , and possibly java and the philippines .
6	it is found in sundaland , java , borneo and malaysia ( malacca ) .
21	between 1927 and 1929 , koesoemadinata met jaap kunst , a dutch ethnomusicologist who was conducting research on musical instruments in java and bali .
35	sanabudaya library ( also found as sonobudoyo ) is an archive , and library attached to the sonobudoyo museum on the northern side of the main ( or northern ) alun alun in yogyakarta in java in indonesia .
10	the species has also been reported in midway atoll , java , new guinea , and the philippines .
21	american gamelan music usually has some relationship to the gamelan traditions of indonesia , as found primarily on the islands of java and bali in a variety of styles .
3	guy visits central java to cover protests there against the sukarno regime .
11	the aircraft crash landed on 8 february 1942 at yogyakarta , java and was abandoned .
24	the javanese script was mainly employed by court scribes centered in surakarta and yogyakarta , but the use was widespread among various courts of java and the lesser sunda islands .
12	malay romantic tales were also sourced from the panji cycle of hindu java .
11	used technology games are developed using php , adobe flash , java and the unity engine .
13	allied dutch and british forces had already landed on the main island of java by that time , but were mainly concerned with the repatriation of former prisoners of war ; however , it was known that the dutch would soon attempt to retake the former colony .
22	implementations and deployments of cam v1 .1 are in progress as of this writing ( january-2009 ) including open source solutions using java and xslt .
16	in indonesia , they are found on the islands of siberut , batu , sumatra , java , bangka , riau , lingga and anambas .
6	they had overseas trade relations with java , sumatra and siam ( modern day thailand ) .
35	in february 1942 , on advice from lavarack that the dutch east indies would soon fall , sturdee urged the australian government that the 17,800 troops returning from the middle east , originally bound for java , be diverted to australia .
16	she was sunk by japanese forces on 3 march 1942 , south of the island of java , in what was then the netherlands east indies .
16	openframeworks 's main difference from processing is that it is written in c++ , instead of java .
22	panopticon tools are also often embedded in other enterprise applications using the company 's software development kit , which is available for java , microsoft .net and the windows presentation foundation .
14	shima was the queen regnant of kalingga kingdom on the northern coast of central java circa 674 ce .
16	the iccube server is an in-memory multidimensional online analytical processing ( olap ) server written in java .
8	software packages like oracle 10g , opengl , java , xml , rational rose etc. are available to the students .
7	the graphical user interface is written in java .
16	many of these ships were lost to japanese attacks amongst the islands scattered around sumatra and java whilst attempting to escape .
12	the air echelon moved its b-17es via north africa and india to java , where from 14 january to 1 march 1942 , it operated against the japanese advancing through the philippines and netherlands east indies .
4	ourtunes is an cross-platform java - based file sharing client which allows users to connect to itunes and share mp3 and aac music files over a local area subnetwork .
23	the united east india company established its presence on the island of solor , founded the town of batavia on the island of java and gained a foothold on the coromandel coast in pulicat .
26	the pygmy lanternshark , etmopterus fusus , is a shark of the family etmopteridae found in the eastern indian ocean from northern western australia and possibly java , at depths of between 430 and 550 m. its length is up to 26 cm .
18	ledger did a great service to the world , as millions of cinchona trees grown in india and java sprang originally from the seeds he collected .
12	the church serves the islands of borneo , sulawesi , sumatra and java .
41	jackson 's aim was to make cobol batch file processing programs easier to modify and maintain , but the method can be used to design programs for any programming language that has structured control constructs , languages such as c , java and perl .
29	the initial response was very positive and within the space of 14 months shen was ported to clisp , sbcl , ecl , scheme , clojure , javascript and java .
34	using fits files fits support is available in a variety of programming languages that are used for scientific work , including c , c++ , c# , fortran , igor pro , idl , java , labview , mathematica , matlab , perl , pdl , python , r , and tcl .
36	it has a wide distribution , from southern europe , north africa and asia minor to india , sri lanka , southern china , malaya , australia and into the pacific where it is found on java , borneo , the philippines , taiwan , timor , the solomons , the carolines and fiji .
4	currently umple fully supports java , c++ and php as target programming languages and has functional , but somewhat incomplete support for ruby .
9	it is distantly related to the gamelan ensembles of java and bali , as well as the musical forms in mainland southeast asia , mainly because of the usage for the same bossed racked gong chimes that play both melodic and percussive .
26	he protects the forest which is sacred and holy from exploitation , because that forbidden forest is heritage from his forefather in dayeuhluhur , cilacap , java .
9	the plugin uses the rhino javascript engine written in java .
10	his father , joyo erodikromo , was an immigrant from java , indonesia while his mother , siti aminah mohd taib , is of malay ethnicity .
10	other notable missions were to maluku , sumatra and to java .
6	its population is mostly malays ethnic java - moslem .
12	significant object-oriented languages include c++ , objective-c , smalltalk , delphi , java , javascript , c# , perl , python , ruby and php are examples of object-oriented programming languages .
12	during his time , efforts were made to establish coffee growing in java .
0	java was seen as a better solution to infiltrating sun into the applications market , as it ran on all platforms , not just those supported by openstep .
2	much of java became a dutch plantation , making it a profitable , self-sufficient colony and saving the netherlands from bankruptcy and helping it become a thriving and modernized bourgeois society .
9	carmetal carmetal is a free gpl software written in java .
19	insignia sold the product line to fwb software in october 1999 in order to focus on supplying implementations of java for the mobile device market .
10	karaha crater or kawah karaha is a fumarole field in java indonesia .
21	this program must simulate a '' real world '' problem , or solutions thereof , in an accepted language , i.e. java , c , c++ , starlogo , fortran , etc. .
3	newer implementations utilize java , javascript , ajax , adobe flex , microsoft .net , or similar technologies to provide real-time control in a separate program , eliminating the need to refresh a traditional html based web browser .
16	succession in time , huiguo 's prominence attracted students from korea , central asia and even java , aside from his chinese students .
16	educated at the new college of florida , and university of kentucky , waldman is a java programmer and wrote the tool .
23	the primary codebase is written in c , but with gnunet-java there is an effort to produce an api for developing extensions in java .
9	ze framework is a simple , lightweight , powerful java framework used develop browser based web applications .
16	there are several imc2 client implementations that are publicly available , including ones for lpmud and java muds .
3	amanjiwo in central java , indonesia .
10	kris mpu gandring one of the most famous legends from java comes from the pararaton ( book of kings ) .
11	the concept was institutionalized and gain its elaborate manifestations in ancient java and cambodia , where monuments such as prambanan and angkor wat were erected to celebrate the king 's divine rule on earth .
13	in its whole , exception handling code might look like this ( in java - like pseudocode ; note that an exception type called emptylineexception would need to be declared somewhere ) : try -lcb- line = console .
21	still other reports say the ship hms minden was not involved in the battle of baltimore and as far away as java .
32	examples examples of proprietary software include microsoft windows , adobe flash player , ps3 os , itunes , adobe photoshop , google earth , mac os x , skype , winrar , java and some versions of unix .
28	at sun microsystems formerly a senior engineer at sun microsystems laboratories , arnold is an expert on object-oriented design and implementation , c , c + + , java , and distributed computing .
8	it is found in indonesia ( bali , java , kalimantan , sumatra ) , peninsular malaysia , sabah , the philippines , thailand and vietnam .
5	shandong styles - practiced across java and madura - are saolim ( shaolin ) derivatives , identified by their positioning of the thumb atop the clenched fist , as well as their left stances .
22	most of the known specimens were collected from india , with more specimens from the gulf of oman , borneo , and java .
25	it contains only one known species , lepidogyne longifolia , native to new guinea and to southeast asia ( philippines , malaysia , borneo , java , sumatra ) .
50	covariant method return type in a language which allows covariant return types , a derived class can override the method to return a more specific type : class catshelter extends animalshelter -lcb- cat getanimalforadoption ( ) -lcb- return new cat ( ) ; -rcb- -rcb- among mainstream oo languages , java and c++ support covariant return types , while c# does not .
26	technologies orbitz runs on a mixed red hat linux and sun solaris based platform and was an early adopter of sun's jini platform in a clustered java environment .
12	it is found in new zealand , hawaiian islands , borneo , java , new guinea , islands of the pacific ocean to australia and the juan fernández islands .
11	ships 9th century relief panel of a ship at borobudur in java , built during the sailendra dynasty rules and regulations regarding construction of ships were recorded in the sanskrit juktikalpataru .
15	it was this seaborne trade focus that saw aceh rely on rice imports from north java rather than develop self sufficiency in rice production .
22	it is found from south-eastern siberia to korea , japan , northern india , nepal , taiwan , borneo , sumatra , java and sulawesi .
12	march 22 the ship waeckende boey is wrecked on the coast of java ; the four survivors walk overland to jepara .
6	web application developers may use the java and php sdks to integrate rublon with their services .
7	technology ox app suite consists of a java - based backend , a frontend implemented in javascript and various extensions .
21	note that v7 is not storyserver -- it provides much of the same functionality , but has been totally rewritten in java and is very different .
1	in java programs the design choice is documented in the marker interface 's javadoc documentation .
6	it is found on borneo , java , peninsular malaysia and sumatra .
16	kauman is a typical village name used by some regencies and municipalities in central and east java to name an area where pious muslim communities are concentrated .
2	monitor ) java ( via the wait and notify methods ) mesa modula-3 python ( via object ) ruby squeak smalltalk turing , turing+ , and object-oriented turing µc++ a number of libraries have been written that allow monitors to be constructed in languages that do not support them natively .
11	the original intention was that they would be sent to reinforce java ; however , while they were at sea concerns about a japanese attack on ceylon ( now sri lanka ) , prompted the diversion of the 16th and 17th brigades to colombo , and they arrived there on 21 march .
22	they are all believed to derive from the oral tradition of eastern and western india with the addition of motifs from the java panji romance .
12	later learning modules teach more advanced concepts using languages like javascript , java , and html .
6	she suggests that the reference to java may be significant not only because it was a center of tea-trade , but also because its sophisticated court culture at one time , notable for its subtleties and appreciation of artists , '' made it the kind of culture that stevens especially liked '' .
4	it is found on java and sumatra and in vietnam .
14	can be extracted through winrar jar -- zip file with manifest for use with java applications .
10	inuyasha has been adapted into a mobile game released for java and brew handsets on june 21 , 2005 , an english-language original trading card game created by score entertainment that was first released on october 20 , 2004 .
22	like other linux distributions , yellow dog linux supports software development with gcc ( compiled with support for c , c++ , java , and fortran ) , the gnu c library , gdb , glib , the gtk+ toolkit , python , the qt toolkit , ruby and tcl .
3	in c and java , syntactic categories are denoted using italic font while terminal symbols are denoted by gothic font .
18	it demonstrates how the same design recipe ideas apply to a complex object-oriented programming language , such as java .
13	distribution and habitat alangium rotundifolium grows naturally in sumatra , peninsular malaysia , java and borneo .
21	sunan ampel ( also raden rakhmat ; 1401 -- 1481 ) was one of wali songo , who spread islam in java .
19	pseudocode in pseudocode , the general algorithm for building decision trees is : implementations j48 is an open source java implementation of the c4 .5 algorithm in the weka data mining tool .
4	for example , in java vod provides vql ( versant query language ) , jdoql , ejb ql and oql .
11	although the voc was very active in the maluku islands , java and sumatra , it took little interest in bali .
11	majapahit was a vast archipelagic empire based on the island of java ( modern-day indonesia ) from 1293 to around 1500 .
18	a two-year honeymoon took them through remote reaches of the dutch east indies , india , burma , java , china , and new guinea with barbour 's wife helping him to photograph animals and collect specimens .
27	archers mounted on elephants according to an older established interpretation , jayavarman ii was supposed to be a prince who lived at the court of sailendra in java ( today indonesia ) and brought back to his home the art and culture of the javanese sailendran court to cambodia .
41	although he saw distinguished service in all three conflicts , he is best known for his exploits in the dutch east indies in 1810 and 1811 , in which he was instrumental in the capture of the islands of amboyna and java .
9	say , xslt is a functional language , while java is object-oriented , and perl is a procedural one .
24	however , some critics point to a list of goals for the first release that do not appear to have been met ( including java 1.4.2 and odbc support ) .
13	it is found in india , sri lanka , taiwan and indonesia ( java and brunei ) .
5	a magnitude 6.3 earthquake struck java , indonesia on may 26 at a depth of 13 km .
3	example the following java code defines a method '' rectangle '' in the class '' main '' that can find the area of a rectangle .
22	he died at sea on the way to cape town of dysentery contracted at princes ' island off the western end of java .
22	the port of cirebon is a multipurpose seaport in the city of cirebon on the north coast of the indonesia island of java .
4	db4o is written in java and .net and provides the respective apis .
17	fleet boeing 737-200 at denpasar 4 boeing 737-200 2 mcdonnell douglas md-82 1 mcdonnell douglas md-83 destination java and lesser sunda islands bali - ngurah rai international airport ( secondary hub ) jakarta - soekarno-hatta international airport ( hub ) kupang - el tari airport surabaya - juanda international airport ( focus city ) sumatra medan - polonia airport sulawesi manado - sam ratulangi airport terminated destination singapore changi airport sumatra pekanbaru - sultan syarif kasim ii international airport kalimantan balikpapan - sultan aji muhamad sulaiman airport kuala lumpur - kuala lumpur international airport accidents & incidents on january 23 , 2003 , a star air boeing 737 touched down 500m past the airport 's 25l runway threshold , a little left of the centreline , in an area of heavy rainfall with associated heavy winds .
4	examples aidl : a java - based idl for android that supports local and remote procedure calls .
11	implementations in several languages ( c++ , c , fortran , java , javascript , python , matlab , and maxima ) are provided .
7	clouded leopard fossils have been found on java , where it perhaps became extinct in the holocene .
7	in indonesia , it is found in java , lesser sunda islands and sulawesi , where it inhabits the lowland and hill forest .
1	in java , assertions have been a part of the language since version 1.4 .
16	however , the rise of software platforms and operating systems shared by many manufacturers such as java , microsoft operating systems , linux , or symbian os , may increase the spread of viruses in the future .
24	his grandson was major general hervey degge wilmot sitwell , born in 1896 , who served as general officer commanding the british troops on java in 1942 , when he was captured by japan forces and spent the next three years in japanese prisoner of war camps .
1	in java , pre-compiler tricks based on annotations are needed to support dci .
5	the product is developed in java on top of open-source software components like jxta initiated by sun microsystems and eclipse by the eclipse foundation .
23	they were legally recognized by the dutch east india company as a separate ethnic group , and kept themselves apart from the native java ( taylor 1983 : 47 ; bosma and raben 2008 : 46-47 ) .
25	tembang sunda , also called seni mamaos cianjuran , is a style of classical vocal music that originated in the sunda kingdom of highland west java .
27	net ( c # and vb.net ) , silverlight 5 and visual basic 6 wrapper for pkcs # 11 api - a wrapper for python for python java 5.0 includes a wrapper for pkcs # 11 api - a simple open source c interface to handle pkcs # 11 tokens .
6	for example , the semantics of java threads were specified in english , and it was later discovered that the specification did not provide adequate guidance for implementors .
14	it is reminiscent of the standard query language sql and the object-oriented programming language java .
14	language overview the programming language used in colobot is cbot , syntactically similar to java .
1	in java the d52 locomotives were placed in passenger service , but occasionally also used as freight locomotives .
29	east india company , third voyage ( 1607 -- 10 ) on 12 march 1607 , red dragon , along with consent and hector were ordered to travel to java to maintain trading relationships , and to establish new relationships with india and aden .
20	it is found in kenya , china , thailand , malaysia , india , sri lanka and on sumatra , java and borneo .
10	with the advent of component-based frameworks such as .net and java , component based development environments are capable of deploying the developed neural network to these frameworks as inheritable components .
17	translating from a stack-based language to a register-based assembly language is a '' heavyweight '' operation ; java 's virtual machine and compiler are many times larger and slower than the dis virtual machine and the limbo ( the most common language compiled for dis ) compiler .
2	raiders from java disembarked in kauthara , burned the temple of po nagar , and carried off the image of shiva .
4	an earthquake struck central java , indonesia on december 13 .
18	weka ( waikato environment for knowledge analysis ) is a popular suite of machine learning software written in java , developed at the university of waikato , new zealand .
15	it has a number of open-source reference implementations , with full-spec implementations in c++ , java , and scala .
14	a small number served briefly at singapore before being withdrawn for the defense of java .
7	it is native to the island of java in indonesia , southeastern asia .
7	jabber : the jabberwocky engine is a java program created by neil hennessy , a poet and new media artist .
9	17 august to 25 august : the japanese in java and sumatra disband the peta/giyugun and heiho , dismantling command structures and membership .
12	the distribution includes the standard libraries for ada , c++ , and java whose code is mostly written in those languages .
6	mysaifu jvm is an open source java virtual machine for windows mobile .
10	it is still widely used in traditional religious school across java , however , in the form of pegon script , a variant of it , and is not used in common writing when the latin alphabet and in some cases the javanese script .
16	the kernel was initially developed as part of an experiment on investigating the feasibility of running java server application without a traditional operating system only using a simple kernel .
27	united nations security council resolution 40 , adopted on february 28 , 1948 , requested that the committee of good offices watch the political developments in western java and madura and to report their findings to the council frequently .
0	java men often wear sarongs during religious or casual occasions .
11	the 24 cw-21bs were assembled at andir airfield , bandung , java in february 1941 , equipping vliegtuiggroep iv , afdeling 2 ( '' air group iv , no. 2 squadron '' ; 2-vlg iv ) .
16	in the king 's eleventh year ( 1244/5 ) lanka was invaded by chandrabhanu , a java ( javaka ) from tambralinga , with a host armed with blow-pipes and poisoned arrows : he may have been a sea-robber , and though now repulsed descended on the island later on .
15	vanessa dejeanii is a butterfly of the nymphalidae family found in the philippines and on java , lombok and bali .
8	there are now full interfaces in python , java and matlab / octave ( as of version 2.5 ) .
33	charles curtis ( 1853 23 august 1928 ) was an english botanist who was sent by james veitch & sons to search for new plant species in madagascar , borneo , sumatra , java and the moluccas , before settling in penang , where he became the first superintendent of the penang botanic gardens .
14	- an artoolkit class library released for virtual machines , particularly those that host java , c# and android .
1	in java , anonymous class can sometimes be used to simulate closure ; however , anonymous classes are not always proper replacements to closure because they have more limited capabilities .
16	on 27 february , isonami was assigned to '' operation j '' ( the invasion of java ) , and '' operation t '' ( the invasion of northern sumatra ) on 12 march and the '' operation d '' ( the invasion of the andaman islands on 23 march .
22	the dutch may have borrowed their word for tea through trade directly from fujian , or from fujianese or malay traders in java .
6	with use-site variance annotations ( e.g. java ) , the programmer instead annotates the places where a generic type is instantiated .
27	post-war naval career after the war , pollock was involved in actions by norfolk to provide gunfire support against insurgents in the malayan emergency and also in java .
31	in june 1921 , she sailed with her division for the far east , transiting the suez canal and touching at ports in india , ceylon , french indochina , and java before finally reaching manila late in august 1921 .
6	he was born in madioen , java to a huguenot family .
13	decline and fall after the 1955 elections , a clear political division between java and the outer islands opened up .
20	early history the silk road extending from southern europe through arabia , somalia , egypt , persia , india , java and viet nam until it reaches china .
12	in 1889 , at the exposition universelle in paris , debussy heard java gamelan music .
16	the phone is equipped with a 128x128 pixel passive color display ( 4096 colors/12-bit ) , java midp 1.0 , xhtml and wap browser , gprs , pop-port connectivity and lithium-ion battery .
3	installanywhere is a java - based software tool for creating installer or software packages , for multiple platforms .
14	a row of shops in purwokerto purwokerto is a town on the island of java , indonesia .
6	it is found on borneo , java and bali .
8	it is available in a c++ or a java version , and provides language bindings for python and perl .
17	the tiered roof shows many similarities with wooden religious structures from the hindu - buddhist civilizations of java and bali .
8	development in early 2003 , in-fusio developed seven java mobile games , including charmed , for 123 multimedia which , via its gamezilla multi-format platform , was able to co-manage and distribute the games to customers .
12	acrocercops eugeniella is a moth of the gracillariidae family , known from java , indonesia , as well as thailand .
14	in 1606 , during a voyage of discovery from bantam ( banten ) , java , captained by willem janszoon , she encountered the australian mainland .
8	in his early career , he went of java in the dutch east indies , returning home in 1863 to work for the maatschappij tot exploitatie van staatsspoorwegen railway company in north holland .
4	it is based on java osgi technology , which allows components to be dynamically installed , started , stopped , updated , and uninstalled , and it eliminates component version conflicts .
7	there are numerous butterfly species from both java and sumatra on sebuku .
39	virtual database manager ( vdb ) is software designed to represent some non-relational data in a virtual data warehouse without copying the original data and allow a real time access to the data vdb is a framework written in java allowing access to data via the standard sql language through a conventional jdbc driver .
9	visualap is cross-platform as it is a 100 % java application .
14	iter ( iterable , function ( value ) trace ( value ) ) ; java a foreach-construct was introduced in jdk 1.5.0 .
16	doxygen supports multiple programming language , in particular c++ , c , c# , objective-c , java , perl , python , idl , vhdl , fortran and php .
13	when centaur entered service at the end of 1924 , the fremantle -- java -- singapore trade route was being serviced by two other blue funnel line vessels ; gorgon ( which remained in service until 1928 ) and charon ( which centaur was replacing ) .
54	jayavarman ii ( r. 790-850 ) is widely regarded as a king who set the foundations of the angkor period in cambodian history , beginning with a grandiose consecration ritual that he conducted in 802 on the sacred mount mahendraparvata , now known as phnom kulen , to celebrate the independence of kambuja from java dominion .
11	tjisaroea ( perfected spelling : cisarua ) is a location on java where during the 1945-1949 indonesian national revolution the royal netherlands east indies army ( knil ) maintained a prison camp for soldiers convicted of breaches of military discipline .
11	as her father was restationed , the family often moved around java .
129	brief list of languages available on amiga assemblers : asm-one macro assembler , devpac assembler , metacomco macro assembler , seka assembler basic dialects : amigabasic from microsoft , abasic from commodore ( developed by metacomco ) , ac basic compiler , gfa basic , hisoft basic , amos basic , blitz basic , purebasic c-compilers : aztec c , dice c , gnu gcc , vbcc , lattice c , sas/c , storm c , hisoft c++ pascal : amiga pascal , kick-pascal , high speed pascal , free pascal other languages : jforth , fortran , amiga logo , oberon , perl , ruby , amiga e , false , python , rebol , arexx , gnu c++ , modula-2 , benchmark modula 2 , eiffel , java ( jamiga ) .
38	merge sort has seen a relatively recent surge in popularity for practical implementations , due to its use in the sophisticated algorithm timsort , which is used for the standard sort routine in the programming languages python and java ( as of jdk7 ) .
37	quicksort gained widespread adoption , appearing , for example , in unix as the default library sort function , hence it lent its name to the c standard library function qsort and in the reference implementation of java .
5	in 2003 he return to java for plays with persikota tangerang .
4	x ) also support java applications .
24	for example , assertions could be placed at the default clause of the switch statement in languages such as c , c++ , and java .
11	if a language supports automatic garbage collection ( for instance , java or c# ) , then smart pointers are not needed for the reclamation and safety aspects of memory management , but are nevertheless useful for other purposes , such as cache data structure residence management and resource management of objects such as file handle or network socket .
65	in the late 1980s and 1990s , the notable imperative languages drawing on object-oriented concepts were perl , released by larry wall in 1987 ; python , released by guido van rossum in 1990 ; visual basic and visual c++ ( which included mfc 2.0 ) , released by microsoft in 1991 and 1993 respectively ; php , released by rasmus lerdorf in 1994 ; java , first released by sun microsystems in 1994 and ruby , released in 1995 by yukihiro '' matz '' matsumoto .
3	env3d is a java based open-source 3d game engine .
13	it is found in malaysia , vietnam ( saigon ) , sumatra , java , the lesser sunda islands ( east to sumba ) , and southern sulawesi .
9	originally a technology consulting services firm focused on building java - based applications for fortune 1000 companies , the company changed its name to irise in 2002 .
1	the java sent 300 black slaves as tribute to the ming dynasty in 1381 .
5	it is written in the java programming language and released under the gnu gpl .
6	kartika became engaged to a young java artist , saptohudoyo , at the age of fourteen and when she was seventeen they were married .
5	it is known from central java .
4	there is also a java port as well as several python ports .
2	perl , java and command line interface - based application programming interface are also available .
13	software development software can be developed in c using the maemo sdk , java ( which is supported by the jalimo jvm ) , python , ruby , mono , vala , perl and pascal .
8	nashorn is a javascript engine developed in the java programming language by oracle .
41	distribution and habitat the graceful shark is distributed widely in the tropical indo-pacific , having been reported from the gulf of aden , southwestern india and sri lanka , the gulf of thailand , vietnam , the philippines to borneo and java , and papua new guinea to northern australia from townsville to eighty mile beach .
12	on 12 february pilots of the 91st flew their a-24s to malang java in the netherlands east indies to defend the island .
8	developers can choose their preferred programming language ( java , c++ , etc. ) and ide ( visual studio , codewarrior , eclipse , carbide , netbeans ) .
23	some languages require methods to be specifically declared as virtual ( e.g. c++ ) and in others all methods are virtual ( e.g. java ) .
6	the ship had been constructed in java and was registered in calcutta .
23	xebra ( medical imaging software ) is an open source ( gnu gpl ) , cross-platform , thin client and server written in java for web-based distribution and clinical review of radiology data in dicom format .
20	the specific epithet indicum is from latin , revealing this plant was first collected in the east indies , ( java ) .
16	height at 104 feet , kesaria stupa is one foot taller than the borobodur stupa in java .
14	the s60 software is a multivendor standard for smartphones that supports application development in java midp , c++ , python and adobe flash .
19	it is used throughout most of the tools in the toolset , and api are provided in c and java so developers can use it in their own applications .
5	ronggeng might be originated from java , but also can be found in sumatra and the malay peninsula .
8	technical details simport was developed from scratch in java .
45	this allowed communication may or may not include reusing libraries or routines via dynamic linking -- some commentators say it does , the fsf asserts it does not and explicitly adds an exception allowing it in the license for the gnu classpath re-implementation of the java library .
54	net , or live ; no multimedia support ) oscar ( aim / icq / mobileme ) sip / simple xmpp / jingle ( google talk , lj talk , gizmo5 , facebook chat , ... ) ymsg ( yim ; only basic chat and file transfers ) architecture jitsi is mostly written in java which helps reuse most of the same code over the various operating systems it works on .
12	he similarly convinced tim wilkinson to put the kaffe virtual machine for java under the gpl .
5	in 1820 he traveled to java , then part of the colonial netherlands east indies , with his friend van hasselt , to study the animals of the island , sending back to the museum at leiden 200 skeletons , 200 mammal skins of 65 species , 2000 bird skins , 1400 fish , 300 reptile and amphibia , and many insect and crustacean .
4	it is endemic to java , bali and sumatra .
18	supported task languages tasks written in ant , bash , batch , c , c# , erlang , java , sql , and vbscript can be created and executed by default , with more language support available via third party extensions .
2	the following java example will help illustrate this point .