7	oak finds police issue guns in the trunk of one man 's car , including one that belonged to calvess , and he beats both men until tellis tells him to get csi tools from the car .
8	the branch droop from a single , central trunk as the tree matures and is often pruned in human agriculture to optimize tree density and ease of fruit harvest .
8	the scientists discovered a large cavity in the trunk of the tree , measuring in height by in diameter .
9	surface landmarks surface projections of the organs of the trunk , from which organ locations are derived mainly from vertebra levels , rib and the ilium .
9	structure location surface projections of the organs of the trunk , showing kidneys at the level of t12 to l2 .
18	the same architecture is applied at the rear , with a deep bumper , a clamshell - shaped trunk lid that envelops over the flanks , dual exhaust pipes and tail lamps .
20	anatomical focus lengthens the extensor muscles of the leg and the deep psoas muscles that connect the legs to the trunk .
6	many cars have lights in the trunk ( or boot ) , the engine compartment , and the glovebox and other storage compartments .
23	fructification ( ) are the generative parts of the plant ( flower and fruit ) ( as opposed to its vegetative parts : trunk , root and leaves ) .
1	its trunk is short and quickly divides up into ramification .
39	the type and only known specimen is an articulated , but very incomplete individual , deformed and elongated , consisting of a large , incomplete , tubercle-covered head , a long , beak-like rostrum , and some of the trunk , with a total length of 18 centimeters .
25	the crown of a woody plant ( tree , shrub , liana ) is the branch , leaves , and reproductive structures extending from the trunk or main stems .
9	the anterior rami supply the antero-lateral parts of the trunk and the limbs .
10	it is an arborescent ( tree-like ) species with a trunk up to 4 m tall , frequently producing suckers ( vegetative offshoots ) .
2	inside the trunk and root of the plant is a soapy substance high in saponin .
18	png the vertebrae may be used as vertical reference points for the locations of the organs of the trunk , taken from the middle of the vertebral body .
5	it has a relatively short trunk and a deep , dense crown .
17	fossils of pterichtyodes showing eyes positioned on the direct of the head and a '' ventrally flattened trunk shield '' suggest that it was a '' bottom dweller '' , living at the bottom of lakes , where it might have crawled using its pectoral appendages .
25	the upper extremity , proximal extremity or superior epiphysis of the femur is the part of the femur closes to the pelvic bone and the trunk .
15	the jumping cholla is an arborescent ( tree - like ) plant with one low-branching trunk .
50	) in most vehicles , the glove compartment closes with a latch , with the option of being locked with a key ( often desirable when using valet service , or when parking while the convertible top is down , or when the compartment contains a mechanism to open the trunk ) .
11	the gray or brown bark is smooth - lenticel and the trunk is thick .
13	the teddy-bear cholla is an erect plant , standing tall with a distinct trunk .
21	its leaves are different from the leaves of true palms , and unlike true palms it does not develop a woody trunk .
1	the trunk is covered with fibrous matting .
16	fuel supply was via a single weber adf twin - choke carburettor , fed from a trunk mounted steel fuel tank .
18	they grow to heights of up to 25 m , or some species to 40 m. their stout trunk are up to 1 m in diameter .
15	the species has a habit of a low growing somewhat pendulant shrub with a thickened trunk and a densely branch crown composed of numerous branches .
43	looking up into the branch structure of a pinus sylvestris tree a branch ( or , ) or tree branch ( sometimes referred to in botany as a ramus ) is a woody structural member connected to but not part of the central trunk of a tree ( or sometimes a shrub ) .
43	despite lee eun-ju 's prior experience with depicting sex and nudity in virgin stripped bare by her bachelors ( 2000 ) , she came under the scrutiny of korean press and netizen , for the highly emotional sex scenes and the notorious '' trunk scene '' in the scarlet letter which is regarded as '' one of the most shocking and intense scenes in the history of korean film .
14	the stem has distinctive horizontal marks , or scar , which often encircle the trunk .
31	this concept vehicle was a multi-purpose vehicle ( mpv ) with rear-hinged-doors , that addressed the needs of families , with a roomy cabin in a compact package and a large trunk .
21	a branch collar is the attached structure in woody plant that connects a branch to its parent branch or to the trunk .
8	the gas flap was built so that the trunk could be added to the total cargo area of the delorean .
8	after his arrest , police discovered in the trunk of kraft 's vehicle a coded list depicting cryptic references to his victims , leading kraft to becoming known as the scorecard killer in addition to the freeway killer .
33	background information the coconut palm cocos nucifera grows up to tall , with pinnate leaves long , and pinnae 60 -- 90 cm long ; old leaves break away cleanly , leaving the trunk smooth .
8	surface projections of the major organs of the trunk , using the vertebral column and rib cage as main reference points of superficial anatomy .
15	scoring the scale comprises three categories : five general facets four lower extremity facets seven trunk , head and upper extremity facets each item has a score range from 0 ( good function ) to 3 ( poor function ) .
1	its trunk is bottle-shaped , generally bulging in its lower third , measuring up to in girth .
20	most of the fungi are saprophyte , but a few are damaging to foliage , produce canker , or cause trunk or root rot .
6	development section of a developing vertebrate trunk showing the dorsolateral ( red ) and ventromedial ( blue ) routes of chromatoblast migration during vertebrate embryonic development , chromatophores are one of a number of cell types generated in the neural crest , a paired strip of cells arising at the margins of the neural tube .
12	within it , in a field of azure , there is a trunk with an splitting axe encrusted in it , symbol of the colonist who built the town .
14	it is commonly found in the form of a rounded outgrowth on a tree trunk or branch that is filled with small knots from dormant buds .
10	the talipariti elatum tree is quite attractive with its straight trunk , broad green leaves and hibiscus - like flower .
1	the trunk is straight and cylindrical with fissures and flaking bark .
49	common ash ( fraxinus excelsior ) , a deciduous broad-leaved ( angiosperm ) tree european larch ( larix decidua ) , a conifer tree which is also deciduous lepidodendron , an extinct lycophyte tree in botany , a tree is a perennial plant with an elongated stem , or trunk , supporting branches and leaves in most species .
13	description the trees typically reach 40 meters in height and 1.8 meters in trunk diameter .
21	in the uncensored version , stan is shown drinking at the wheel of the car before showing dido struggling in the trunk of the car .
37	description coconut flowers plant cocos nucifera is a large palm , growing up to tall , with pinnate leaves long , and pinnae 60 -- 90 cm long ; old leaves break away cleanly , leaving the trunk smooth .
2	the single trunk is spiny and forks at a height of .
4	the species favors the trunk of trees , where it feeds as a saprotroph , causing white rot .
9	epicormic buds under the often thick bark of the trunk and branch are ready to sprout new stem and leaves after a fire .
9	during forced expiration for speech , muscles of the trunk and abdomen reduce the size of the thoracic cavity by compressing the abdomen or pulling the rib cage down forcing air out of the lungs .
16	botany ackee is an evergreen tree that grows about 10 metres tall , with a short trunk and a dense crown .
9	the flower are produced in clusters directly on the trunk and older branches ; this is known as cauliflory .
29	dunnigan-type familial partial lipodystrophy , abbreviated as ( fpld ) , is a rare monogenic form of insulin resistance characterized by loss of subcutaneous fat from the extremities , trunk , and gluteal region .
32	they are often more bulky than slalom/polo vests , but are usually cut short at the front to allow the paddler to lean further forward despite the thicker foam and allow good trunk rotation for quick turns .
18	description t. collina is a small to medium tree , up to in height and up to in trunk diameter .
34	measuring diameter to measure the diameter of a tree , the diameter tape ( diameter side facing user ) is wrapped around the tree , in the plane perpendicular to the axis of the trunk at above ground .
28	keratoderma blennorrhagicum ( also called keratoderma blennorrhagica ) are skin lesions commonly found on the palms and soles but which may spread to the scrotum , scalp and trunk .
18	this major re-design saw the addition of an external decklid ( previous models only allowed access to the trunk through the rear seat back ) and vent windows .
8	) feathers sprouting from the top of the trunk at odd angles .
11	the dance itself consists of quick rhythmic moves especially with the trunk or upper body .
11	many vehicles also display their vehicle number on their roof or trunk ( boot ) lid , to be identifiable from the air .
16	it grows to heights of up to 25 metres some species 40 m. and have stout trunk up to 1 metre in diameter .
18	diameter at breast height , or dbh , is a standard method of expressing the diameter of the trunk or bole of a standing tree .
13	some have speculated that the muscle attachments were for a proboscis , or trunk , much like that of a tapir or elephant .
3	instead of a trunk at the back of the car , the terranaut features an air lock drawer , which allows easy and safe access to clinical samples placed in the air lock drawer by someone on the outside by a lab analyst still inside the car .
23	the young plant grows straight upwards and has the form of a narrow cone with branches going out along the length of the trunk .
35	description f. cupressoides is the largest tree species in south america , normally growing to 40 -- 60 m , but occasionally more than 70 m in argentina , and up to 5 m in trunk diameter .
37	the other changes were minor ( e.g. a slight modification to the extruded aluminum grille , a front sway bar made standard on six-cylinder models , and an optional black vinyl roof cover that continued over the trunk opening ) .
7	on the basis of the structure of trunk and fructification he divided plants into fifteen '' higher genera '' .
7	other criticisms include the lack of a trunk , rear window , spare tire and radio , and the way the car 's engine was limited or '' drugged '' .
37	the leaf bases of some pinnate leaved palms ( most notable being roystonea regia or the royal palm but also including the families areca , wodyetia and pinanga ) form a sheath at the top of the trunk surrounding the bud where all the subsequent leaves are formed .
18	it is usually found as a shrub or a small tree about 1 m tall with a straight trunk and pyramidal crown , which branches from the base .
10	growing up to in height and in diameter , the trunk is straight and cylindrical , with reddish-gray bark .
30	it is a small to medium sized deciduous tree , growing to 10 -- 15 m ( rarely to 18 m ) tall often with multiple stem and/or low branching trunk .
9	the west virginia state champion bur oak has a trunk diameter of almost 3 m ( 9 feet ) .
36	in the case of the three-box form , there is a '' box '' delineating a separate volume from the a-pillar forward , a second box comprising the passenger volume , and third box comprising the trunk area e.g. , a sedan .
10	the plant uniquely grows hanging upside down off a larger trunk or branch of a larger tree , often in rather cool and dry forest environments at of elevation .
50	process a complete restoration includes not only repair of the parts that can be seen -- the body , trim , chrome , wheels , and the passenger compartment -- but also the components that are not necessarily visible or otherwise evident , including the engine and engine compartment , trunk , frame , driveline , and all ancillary parts like the brakes , accessories , engine cooling system , electrical system , etc. repairs are made to correct obvious problems , as well as for cosmetic reasons .
7	līc : ' body ' , ' trunk ' .
13	unlike the bmw x5 , the x-coupe had an aluminium body , a trunk opening downwards and two doors that swing outward .