12	the name means '' warm water '' and refers to the warm spring located in the foothills .
8	location sunset at namsen the river begins in spring in børgefjell national park , just over the border in nordland county .
63	what causes the mri ? a simple model of mri in a magnetized , perfectly conducting fluid , the magnetic forces behave in some very important respects as though the elements of fluid were connected with elastic bands : trying to displace such an element perpendicular to a magnetic line of force causes an attractive force proportional to the displacement , like a spring under tension .
6	western campaign , 1940 in the spring of 1940 , walter horten , jagdgeschwader 26 technical officer , was invited to participate in a '' mock combat '' with a bf 109e .
13	the elastic response of viscoplastic materials can be represented in one-dimension by hookean spring elements .
1	its spring is a little north of the north norfolk village of roughton .
7	the arms are derived from a roman spring sanctum from the 2nd century unearthed high in the woods .
29	drainage in the 19th century tank stream , a historical drain in the city of sydney from the 1881 household cyclopedia : this operation is always best performed in spring or summer , when the ground is dry .
12	overview potential energy is often associated with restoring force such as a spring or the force of gravity .
7	painted caves , a cave with a spring in val verde county , texas , 20 kilometers southeast of comstock , texas .
7	the dams were constructed to impound local spring water to supply the town of sheffield .
20	sims are able to build snowmen during the winter , rake fallen leaves in autumn , jump in puddle during spring and occasionally experience heat stroke in summer .
4	the fontaines bleues natural spring .
7	it is preceded by vasant , the spring season , and followed by varsha , the rainy season .
3	the season of spring was the overall concept for this release , and the ep 's photos featured the band members in white dresses , with a field of flowers in the background .
23	walpurgis night is very similar to chaharshanbe suri , an iranian ceremony which is held on the last wednesday of winter to celebrate spring and iranian new year , nowruz .
6	during building a dam a strong spring was found .
1	in spring and summer , it migrates to spruce and infects recently emerged needle , coloring them in yellow .
19	recreation lycoming creek is a popular site for trout fishing and is usually heavily stocked with fish in the spring , especially in its upper reaches in lycoming county .
12	bonchurch high street has an adjacent landscaped pond , fed by a spring , on the site of former withy beds .
8	one type of tensioner is a large industrial spring .
20	characterized by hot and dry summers , and mild to cool winters where most of the precipitation is concentrated ( spring and autumn being pleasantly warm transitional seasons ) .
24	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical dry forest , subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , river , intermittent rivers , and freshwater spring .
31	as for the ahlenbornerhof , the ending -- hof means '' farm '' or '' estate '' , and the syllables to which that is sufﬁxed apparently refer to an old spring , for the homestead once lay near one ( this would be bei einem alten brunnen in modern high german ) .
32	its natural habitat are temperate forest , river , intermittent rivers , shrub-dominated wetland , swamp , freshwater lake , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , rocky areas , arable land , pastureland , plantation , water storage areas , pond , open excavations , wastewater treatment areas , seasonally flooded agricultural land , and canal and ditches .
1	the spring supposedly furnished water for those who lived in this building and was only channelled into a drain in the 1950s .
30	the transhumance form of herding in the sierra nevada of california still continues , as cattle , sheep or goats are moved from winter pasture in lower elevation valleys to spring and summer pasture in the foothills and alpine regions , as the seasons progress .
19	description the clipper mountain wilderness has rugged yellow and dark brown , horizontally striped mesa , narrow canyon with spring , and sparsely vegetated alluvial fan .
10	top mounted heave compensator drill string compensators are just giant spring between the drill bit and rig .
10	in the forest that abuts the town is an old spring near which some roman and celtic figures were found .
2	in the spring of 1540 , cortés returned to spain for the last time ; this was the first time that martín cortés , son of malinche , and don martín cortés met .
16	transport operations to okinawa , intermingled with type and refresher training exercises , continued through the spring of 1967 .
26	of these species , only around 75 actually breed within the state ; the remainder are migrating or wintering species that are only present during the spring or winter months .
7	the site itself consists of a small spring - fed pool of '' bad water '' next to the road in a sink ; the accumulated salt of the surrounding basin make it undrinkable , thus giving it the name .
25	these thunderstorms can be a result from tropical wave , tropical cyclone , and frontal boundaries which become stationary across the region between fall and spring .
26	its first mile remains relatively level as it follows the brook on that side closely , passing the lean-to site on that side and a developed spring .
13	a major feature of the landscape park are the fontaines bleues , natural spring whose waters are an unusual brilliant hue of blue .
10	the name of the town is taken from a nearby spring and is aboriginal in origin , its meaning is unknown .
19	its name derives from the hometown of the first colonial settlers , sharon , connecticut , and the important spring in the village .
14	the reverdie is an old french poetic genre , which celebrates the arrival of spring .
10	pseudomonas cedrina is a gram-negative , rod-shaped bacterium isolated from spring waters in lebanon .
8	this he named izumiya , literally meaning '' spring shop '' .
7	she thus represents a water source or spring which , in classical literature , is sacred to the muses and a source of poetic inspiration .
4	eggs are laid during spring near decaying plant matter .
9	northern dikhil region during fall , winter , and spring , it experiences the most clear days statewide .
42	at a cost of # 6,000 , it was an irregular oval shape with a 100 yards ( 91 metres ) straight section for racing ; a paved surround and changing rooms were built and the pool was fed by an underground spring .
58	types stream in arkhangelsk oblast , russia a rocky creek in spearfish canyon , us creek in australia wyming brook in sheffield , uk brook in the bay of fundy , canada a low level stream in macon county , illinois ; brook : a stream smaller than a creek , especially one that is fed by a spring or seep .
29	governor general william henry harrison ordered a fort built as well as a number of other defensive structures including a large stockade , garrison , blockhouses , and a spring .
9	spring-piston guns operate by means of a coiled steel spring - loaded piston contained within a compression chamber , and separate from the barrel .
11	natural examples geographical features an ephemeral waterbody is a wetland , spring , stream , river , pond or lake that only exists for a short period following precipitation or snowmelt .
34	types of streams include creeks , tributaries , which do not reach an ocean and connect with another stream or river , brooks , which are typically small streams and sometimes sourced from a spring or seep and tidal inlets .
2	in the spring , species such as european wood anemone , common wood sorrel and false lily of the valley are blooming .
15	since that time other safety innovations have included features on track , section , and spring assemblies .
21	the car , which was made up mostly of model t parts , was discovered to have a broken right front spring .
13	the collect pond ( or fresh water pond ) was a body of spring - fed fresh water , occupying approximately 48 acres ( 194,000 m ² ) and as deep as .
1	amguel spring ) is a town and commune in tamanrasset district , tamanrasset province , algeria .
19	geographic distribution i. hadei is endemic to greece , where it where it is only known from a small spring 5 km southwest of githion .
15	the susquehanna and tioga turnpike received a moderate amount of use , especially during the spring , when the susquehanna river was commonly used as a method of travel to new york .
22	the town is locally well known for the caledon spa and casino and for its rolling hills and yellow canola fields in spring .
12	its natural habitat are temperate forest , freshwater marsh , and freshwater spring .
23	one of dick 's patients was a run away drug addict by the name of amy sinclair , who gave birth in the spring of 1959 to a daughter she named nora .
32	its natural habitat are moist savanna , subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , and pastureland .
5	the weta stay frozen until spring time .
28	while johnson was labeled as '' moody '' and '' uncoachable '' during his days with the phillies and cardinals , he impressed reds manager dave bristol that spring and was given the starting job in left field even though a lefthanded bat would have been more suitable for the reds ' line-up .
13	llanwrtyd wells grew as a spa town , based around the ffynnon ddrewllyd spring , which still exists .
41	movement of water and dispersion within the aquifer spreads the pollutant over a wider area , its advancing boundary often called a plume edge , which can then intersect with groundwater wells or daylight into surface water such as seep and spring , making the water supplies unsafe for humans and wildlife .
53	grass tetany or hypomagnesemic tetany , also known as grass staggers and winter tetany , is a metabolic disease involving magnesium deficiency , which can occur in such ruminant livestock as beef cattle , dairy cattle and sheep , usually after grazing on lush pastures of rapidly growing grass , especially in early spring .
0	spring starts in early april and ends in late may , with average temperatures close to .
1	oleander spring ) is the capital city of aïn defla province , algeria .
15	at the same time , the count palatine was granted leave to develop the brine spring near sankt julian .
23	its natural habitat are subarctic forest , temperate forests , temperate shrubland , swamp , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , arable land , rural gardens , urban area , pond , and irrigated land .
25	these '' warm-weather designs ( ... ) arrive in the shops in the us in november '' , after the autumn/winter collections and before the spring / summer collections , or generally between november/december and february in the northern hemisphere .
16	the village is situated on the ancient road icknield way and is the location where several spring form a small pool called the lyde .
29	huge piles , or ` tips ' , of loose rock and mining spoil had been built up over a layer of highly porous sandstone that contained numerous underground spring , and several tips had been built up directly over these springs .
22	the day was introduced as a more efficient alternative to individually celebrating a number of holidays honoring various minor saints in the spring .
6	the external source can be a spring , a raised weight , or a compressed gas .
22	the album revolves around a seasonal concept ; the first four songs each represent one of the traditional four seasons , respectively spring , summer , autumn , and winter , while the final track , '' histoires sans paroles '' , represents the imaginary fifth season .
6	the best seasons to visit are spring and autumn .
18	it has been postulated that elastic structures in series with the contractile component can store energy like a spring after being forcibly stretched .
17	the term '' vernal keratoconjunctivitis '' ( vkc ) is used to refer to keratoconjunctivitis occurring in spring , and is usually considered to be due to allergen .
10	they include lakes and pond , rivers , stream , spring , and wetland .
4	in essence , non-linear spring are attached to the foundation in place of the soil .
3	it flowers in spring , from may to august , and produces seed from july to september .
3	the main permanent spring , sar cheshmeh make the region fertile for agriculture and gardening .
39	the text of herodotus the eupalinian aqueduct or ditch , is cited by herodotus ( histories 3.60 ) , without whom it would not have been discovered : description inside the aqueduct the tunnel took water from an inland spring , which was roofed over and thus concealed from enemies .
24	wattle day is a national day of celebration in australia on the first day of september , that is also the first day of spring in the southern hemisphere .
19	the gaussian network model ( gnm ) is a representation of a biological macromolecule as an elastic mass-and - spring network to study , understand , and characterize mechanical aspects of its long-scale dynamics .
12	tipularia discolor grows a single leaf in september that disappears in the spring .
5	they were often located at spring .
1	; spring : the point at which a stream emerges from an underground course through unconsolidated sediment or through caves .
13	the united states army air forces experimented with downward-ejecting systems operated by a spring , but it was the work of sir james martin and his company martin-baker that was to prove crucial .
2	a freshwater spring was found on the tributary in the area , which caused henry flagler to build the private miami water company ( where a miami-dade water and sewer treatment plant is currently located ) there in 1899 .
20	derived formulas tensional stiffness of a uniform bar we may view a rod of any elastic material as a linear spring .
11	route the colne rises perennially from a subterranean river at a spring in north mymms park in hertfordshire .
5	historically , there was a spring close to the corner of mulberry street and pearl street near blizzards run .
16	other things associated with air and blood in ancient and medieval medicine included the season of spring , since it increased the qualities of heat and moisture ; the sanguine temperament ( of a person dominated by the blood humor ) ; hermaphrodite ( combining the masculine quality of heat with the feminine quality of moisture ) ; and the northern point of the compass .
18	waypoints have traditionally been associated with distinctive features of the real world , such as rock formations , spring , oases , mountain , buildings , roadways , waterways , railways , and so on .
2	fresh water spring are present approximately 2km north of berau , with minor reservoirs around macadade and the eastern slopes of mount manucoco .
6	c.j. came back to town in spring 2002 , with a huge chip on his shoulder for everyone , especially the forresters .
5	furthermore , there are a spring - fed outdoor swimming pool in hammelbach and a campsite .
10	the head is the end of the fibula with the spring or hinge .
5	it is found in freshwater spring , irrigated land , and canal and ditches .
7	modern mattresses usually contain either an inner spring core or materials such as latex , viscoelastic or other flexible polyurethane foam .
0	spring , 1998 an unscom inspection team discovers a dump full of destroyed iraqi missiles .
23	it is characterised by nutrient-poor sandy soils , frequent wildfire , a very high level of endemism , spectacular displays of wildflower in spring , and a mediterranean climate with winter rainfall and hot , dry summers .
9	reproduction and development house centipedes lay their eggs in spring .
12	description seagull lake is a sub-coastal saline lake fed by a marine spring .