4	in the 1990s , apple computers did not attract the same level of video game development as windows computers due to the high popularity of windows and , for 3d gaming , microsoft 's directx technology .
7	modern usage major computer manufacturers such as apple have begun to deprecate api that take local paths as parameters , in favor of using urls .
13	from 1987 to 1991 , he worked in the business development group at apple .
9	the skateboarding bulldog featured on youtube and in an apple iphone commercial was named after tillman .
2	android and apple smartphones and tablet computers may be used as remote controls for google tv .
18	the hickory area is additionally marketed as a data-center corridor and is home to large data-centers operated by apple and google .
3	device support for apple devices with the ios operating system version 1.1.3 or later , such as the ipod touch , iphone , and ipad , as well as some android devices , it is possible to provide a custom icon that users can display on their home screens using the web clip feature ( called add to home screen within mobile safari ) .
40	he won the 2009 presidents award for research at the hong kong polytechnic university awards sizechina won four major international design awards in 2008 : idea/businessweek gold medal - research category , idea/businessweek - best in show ( co-winner with apple iphone ) , fortune magazine ( china ) - china 's most successful design award , design for asia award - grand prize .
13	in 2004 , microsoft created an msn music download store to compete with apple 's itunes music store , though its sales in comparison were negligible .
13	this is a list of popular games available and in development for the apple ios -- the primary operating system of the iphone , ipod touch and ipad .
20	the fungus also attacks many other hosts such as cherry trees , most other prunus species , as well as apple , pear and walnut .
8	by 1895 , buzzard had planted a small apple orchard and was growing cabbages as well as potatoes .
12	commercial use the song 's title comes from the norwegian word for apple .
24	a commoner and more benign constituent of desfontainia , present in considerable quantity , is the pentacyclic triterpene acid ursolic acid , in which apple peel is particularly rich .
9	cornelian cherries , figs , pear , peach and apple sold at a market in yerevan are among a few of armenian agricultural products fertile volcanic soils allow cultivation of wheat and barley , as well as pasturage for sheep , goat , and horse .
19	c 5 h 11 ) is an ester used in dilute solution to replicate the scent or flavor of apple , and sometimes pineapple .
42	educational materials distinguishing green and blue only came into use after world war ii , during the occupation : thus , even though most japanese consider them to be green , the word ao is still used to describe certain vegetable , apple and vegetation .
15	a good portion of the population is engaged in agriculture , especially fruits such as apple , pear , plum , strawberries , and raspberries on farms and gardens in the village .
22	the higher than average number of days of sunshine make ideal conditions for the growing of tomato , sunflower , tobacco , apple and other fruit .
29	the ripe fruit are edible but may be fairly tart , and taste like a giant cranberry , though some species have fruity flavors with overtones of strawberry or apple .