4	the was a spiked/knobbed club or truncheon used in feudal japan as a weapon by samurai and their retainers .
12	this stone has been used by the great basin tribes for war club and pipes that are jet black with a high gloss when polished .
20	due to electoral fraud and brutal electioneering , which earned the elections the nickname sopalı seçimler ( '' election of club '' ) , the ruling committee of union and progress won 269 of the 275 seats in the chamber of deputies , whilst the opposition liberal entente ( also known as the freedom and accord party or the liberal union ) won only the remaining six seats .
14	the condemned were lashed to the wheel and their limbs were beaten with a club or iron cudgel , with the gaps in the wheel allowing the limbs to give way and break .
34	form ` kataore ' , mere pounamu ( 42cm x 12cm ) maori chief holding a mere weapon ( 1860 -- 1879 ) the mere is a , leaf shape , form of short club .
21	as weapons , the zulu warrior carried the iklwa stabbing spear ( losing one could result in execution ) and a club or cudgel fashioned from dense hardwood known in zulu as the iwisa , usually called the knobkerrie in english , for beating an enemy in the manner of a mace .
8	the goedendag was essentially a combination of a club with a spear .
8	in the meantime , two men armed with club and net wait in the foyer to ensnare him , as three more men also watch from over the balcony .
6	he wields a large , spiked club .
9	his iconographic attributes are the lion skin and the club .
12	however , some biologists suggest that the structure more closely resembles a club .
11	after a fire erupts on the altar , nemis sees a club , he sees this as a sign from hera and asks who he needs to kill .
8	truncheons probably developed as a marriage between the club or military mace and the staff of office / sceptre .
6	his weapon of choice is a club but he is dangerous with every weapon .
37	these early april 1912 general elections were known infamously as the '' election of clubs '' ( ) after the beating of opposition ( freedom and accord ) candidates for the chamber of deputies with weapons like club and sticks as well being marred by electoral fraud and violence in favor of the cup .
10	a mace is a blunt weapon , a type of club or virge that uses a heavy head on the end of a handle to deliver powerful blows .
16	in 1995 , white faced criminal charges of possessing deadly weapons , a knife and a club , distributing obscene material , and attempting to escape from police custody , arising out of the distribution of political leaflets .
13	others such as california have general prohibitions against the carrying of all '' club '' weapons by non-law enforcement .
7	; ( ; , ) a twin club type armament used by louis xiv of hexagone francaise .
4	the herkuleskeule ( hercules club ) is an important site in german-speaking political cabaret .
23	the epigonation ( greek : , literally meaning '' over the knee '' ) , or palitza ( russian : палица , '' club '' ) , is a vestment used in some eastern christian churches .
33	views because jesus had told peter to put down his sword in the garden of gethsemane ( ) , the circumcellions piously avoided bladed weapons and instead opted for the use of blunt club , which they called '' israelites .
24	'' for his devotion to mussolini , the satirical magazine il becco giallo used to call him p. randello ( randello in italian means club ) .
19	when his rifle jammed after the first shot , he closed in with rifle , using it as a club to break the stock over the head of the nearest moro and then , drawing his pistol , started in pursuit of the fleeing outlaws .
17	resistance symbols like the flags or the weapons used by the peasants , in particular their typical club with nails on the hitting end ( called ( bauern - ) knüttel ) , were outlawed , confiscated , and destroyed .
62	other names like most hindu deities , subrahmanya is known by many other names , including , , ( meaning ` prince or child or young one ' ) , swaminatha ( meaning ` smart ' or ` clever ' ) , , arumugam or shanmuga ( meaning ` one with six faces ' ) , dandapani ( meaning god with a club ) , or guruguha ( meaning ` cave-dweller ' ) , subrahmanya , kartikeya and ( meaning ` that which is spilled or oozed ) .
4	tipstaves ( the short club after which the office is named ) on display at bedford museum history crossed tipstaffs within a wreath - rank of police assistant chief constable or commander in the uk the office of the tipstaff is thought to have been created in the 14th century .
20	it is forced wedding not unlike a shotgun wedding named after a knobstick , which is a type of wooden club .
41	contemporaries called him brazen , spiteful and violent , and it is reported that once , in the course of a difference of opinion with his chancellor -- archbishop ratbod of trier , no less -- zwentibold beat him with a club .
10	as sylvester prepares to knock the bulldog out with a club , the train heads into a tunnel , slamming sylvester in the face into the bridge above it .
8	after a four year stint on philadelphia 's club circuit , they recruited a new lead vocalist , george williams in 1960 , and changed their name to the tymes .
21	career kenny formed his first band whilst in high school and between then and the early 1970s , he toured the club circuit .
16	history the band formed after steve naghavi and chris ruiz met in 1989 at a berlin club .
12	history dj-kicks started out in 1995 as a compilation of electronic dj club - style mixes in the techno or house genres , with the then-novel twist of being targeted to a home listening audience .
20	the single prominently included remix by dj tiësto , and fade , which significantly boosted the song 's proliferation through club play ( particularly by influential djs such as paul oakenfold ) as evidenced by the single 's positions on the billboard hot dance music/club play charts .
12	biography in 1947 , she accepted a steady job at a local club , happy landing , but it was her 1961 recording debut , with her own album in the riverside records new orleans : the living legends series , that brought her recognition from beyond the crescent city .
11	the film explores themes of coming of age , drug and club cultures , as well as relationship .
20	in june 1993 , deandrea 's remixed version of '' secret love '' was released , it became a uk club hit and peaked at no. 41 .
6	career newton scored a number of club and chart hits in the 1990s .
15	with the singer and guitarist , troyce key , he bought eli 's mile high club in north oakland , california .
25	steve beckett , co-owner of warp , has said that the electronic music the label was releasing at that point was targeting a post - club , home-listening audience .
20	singles in april 2006 , a remix of '' no hay igual '' featuring calle 13 was issued as a club single in the us .
4	'' and plenty of club tunes , expanding from the artist 's acid house roots into the pop and rock genres .
21	release the single release , as with all prior delerium single releases since '' silence '' , marketed the song for club play by commissioning remix ( as with previous singles ) , this time from gielen , who had remixed previous delerium songs as airscape , and satoshi tomiie .
23	the '82 us remix dub version was not widely available after its initial release , but the track remained much in demand by club dj and fans alike , and copies of the original 12 '' version fetched high prices .
20	in 1994 , his single '' eighteen strings '' also written as '' 18 strings '' , became an international club hit .
7	in september 2011 , logan made a club appearance in tucson , arizona .
17	the village vanguard , 1976 the village vanguard in modern times the village vanguard is a jazz club located at in greenwich village , new york city .
21	gisele jackson , born in baltimore , maryland , is a globally acclaimed vocalist and house music diva known for international club hits , including the billboard charted # 2 , '' love commandments '' ( 1997 ) .
19	cj bolland contributed a mix of '' in your blood '' on bford9 and '' fetish '' was a club hit in both the uk and the us .
19	his first single was '' i wanna lick the pussy '' ( 1994 ) , which became a regional club hit without the assistance of radio airplay .
29	in 2004 his single '' shine '' , re-creating a sample of the electric light orchestra 's 1979 track '' shine a little love '' , became an international club smash and was a top 20 hit on billboard's hot dance airplay chart in 2005 .
1	a club version of the song was later released featuring eminem and mos def .
12	minawo was formed in 1999 after matsuura and yamaguchi met in a club while both were attending university of kitakyushu .
4	it was also a club hit .
10	recording career solo after leaving high school and playing the club circuit around the new jersey , new york and pennsylvania areas with his brother albert ( a singer ) for most of the 1980s , greg howe officially began his solo career after sending a demo tape to shrapnel records in 1987 , upon which he was immediately signed by founder mike varney .
61	northern soul and breakthrough their first release came in the form of '' colour my life '' , a limited white label pressing which got them some recognition , but it was the first official single '' how can i love you more ? '' that gave them their first top 30 hit and a following in and around the manchester club scene , where pickering was still dj-ing .
49	other artists who have used samples from wright 's 1975 -- 81 recordings include dilated peoples , atmosphere , infamous mobb , t.i. and armand van helden , the last of whom incorporated part of '' comin ' apart '' ( from the right place ) in his 2004 club hit '' my my my '' .
28	originally built as a hotel , although it did brew its own beer as well , the star and garter has since been transformed into a pub and club venue , although due to its listed status there are still many restrictions on how the structure of the building can be altered .
26	in 2005 , the dance music took place on a second stage on the saturday only and in 2006 it took place off site at a club on the saturday night .
6	new brighton a.f.c. is a soccer club in christchurch , new zealand .
21	it is considered one of the oldest neighborhoods in the city and home to lots of old landmark , and some club .
50	in 1807 , gibraltar merchants had founded a library in bedlam court , as they were denied membership of the garrison library , it being available only to members of the british garrison in the city ( the garrison library functioned not only as a library , but as a club , owned and run by and for military officers ; civilians were excluded , regardless of their prominence ) .
41	gorbunov palace of culture peasants ' palace of culture in dajipu township , huangshi municipality , hubei , china palace of culture ( , , wénhuà gōng ) or house of culture ( dom kultury ) was the name for major club - houses in the soviet union and the rest of the eastern bloc .
24	terrace park girl scout cabin , also known as the big stone gap girl scout cabin , is a historic girl scouts of america club located at big stone gap , wise county , virginia .
13	the four had met in 2001 after a live show in a magdeburg club , where listing and schäfer , who knew each other from music school , watched from the audience while bill and tom kaulitz played on the stage .
7	bc brno is a czech professional basketball club based in the city of brno .
11	his band , avtomaticheskie udovletvoriteli , was a sort of underground club for dozen of local musicians , including kino 's late frontman , viktor tsoi , and tequilajazzz 's yevgeny fyodorov ( ) .
16	'' thus the academy abandoned hierarchic seventeenth-century precedents and was formed on the basis of a club .
6	clubs the school offers over 40 club , both student-led and faculty-sponsored .
8	knights of wise men lodge is a historic club located on saint helena island near frogmore , beaufort county , south carolina .
24	slow ballads and r & b songs can be remixed by techno producers and djs in order to give the song appeal to the club scene and to urban radio .
14	these include , inter alia , local authorities and associations such as firms and club , but also congresses and exhibition .
17	an addition expansion was in 1896 , and the house reconstructed in 1933 for use as a club , at which time the property was converted to a 9-hole golf course .
101	a partial list of such titles includes personal title , such as lord , knight , right honourable , indicating an earned or inherited rank or position within a formal power structure ; command rank , such as captain , sergeant , etc. , indicating likewise a very specific position in a command hierarchy , e.g. police rank or military rank ; an academic degree or professional designation such as phd , p.eng or m.d. , whether this be purely honorary or symbolic , or associated with credentials attesting to specific competence , learning , or skills ; labor union and club memberships ; persons allowed access to specific areas during special events , such as concerts and shows ; citizenship , as in the case of passport and birth certificate .
14	website was temporarily down for two weeks on march 11 , 2010 , famous club of goojje is on line formally .
10	after about two three months later , another collaboration of club within the school organized another symposium and funfair which saw the presence of an old student of the school who is a tv presenter at tv3 , namely , gideon aryeequah .
17	hóquei clube de braga sabseg ( sponsored by insurance company sabseg ) is a professional roller hockey club from braga , portugal .
10	to do this they must be assigned to the same club as the ally , and the change is temporary .
17	uniform the official historical uniform of gimnasia y esgrima is based on the colors displayed in the club shield , as established in the institutional statute , a white jersey with a single horizontal navy-blue stripe over the chest .
11	a banquet photo is a photograph typically in a hotel or club banquet room from a high angle where foreground to background each person is in focus while seated at their table .
11	eventually , he started making real music and began playing at club .
4	it has one main club .
23	kngy as '' energy 92.7 '' offered a current-based mix of dance music , with top 40 , r&b remixes , disco and club classics from the 1970s , 1980s , and 1990s added into the presentation .
8	esporte clube são martinho , is an amateur club of football , founded in 1939 , based in tatuí city , são paulo .
21	clwb ifor bach on womanby street clwb ifor bach ( , ) is a cardiff nightclub , music venue , welsh-language club and community centre .
7	clubs and societies h2g2 has numerous unofficial club and societies , set up and maintained by researchers .
23	he co-founded the wicked sound system and established a series of legendary underground parties which were important in putting san francisco on the club / rave map .
15	a number of historians have asserted that kylfing referred to a member of a '' club in the social or anglo-american sense '' , a '' brotherhood '' or a member of a norse félag .
13	the fraternal order of eagles building is a historic fraternal order of eagles club located in richmond , virginia .