10	some third-party developers switched to the playstation , such as square and enix , whose final fantasy vii and dragon warrior vii were initially pre-planned for the nintendo 64 and its yet-unreleased 64dd disk drive peripheral at least by 1996 , but reluctantly lost due to the developers ' ambitious use of storage space , while some who remained released fewer games to the nintendo 64 .
15	starting with a given quadrilateral ( a polygon having four sides ) , construct a square on each side .
29	'' in february 2014 , fast company listed givedirectly as fourth on its list of the world 's ten most innovative companies in finance , below nice systems , square , and bitcoin .
23	the series 1/4 + 1/16 + 1/64 + 1/256 + · · · lends itself to some particularly simple visual demonstrations because a square and a triangle both divide into four similar pieces , each of which contains 1/4 the area of the original .
24	xenogears xenogears is the first entry in the series , and the only one developed for the playstation video game console and published by square .
3	similarly , a square with all sides of length has the perimeter and the same area as the rectangle .
10	the market is still held every thursday , in the square on the high street , which has been the town 's market place since the 13th century .
13	under the inclusive definition , all parallelograms ( including rhombus , rectangle and square ) are trapezoids .
89	game boy ( 1991 ) kirby 's block ball ( 1995 ) game boy color watch gallery 2 ( 1998 ) watch gallery 3 ( 1999 ) game boy advance densetsu no stafy ( 2002 ) watch gallery 4 ( 2002 ) densetsu no stafy 2 ( 2003 ) densetsu no stafy 3 ( 2004 ) nintendo ds super princess peach ( 2005 ) densetsu no stafy 4 ( 2006 ) the legendary starfy ( 2008 ) games ported by tose tose has ported a few games , including square and enix games for the nintendo entertainment system and super nintendo entertainment system .
8	for example , take the set of all square in the plane .
3	he then joined square , and was most famous for penning the script of chrono trigger ( based on a story draft by yuji horii ) , as well as radical dreamers , xenogears , chrono cross , and parts of final fantasy vii .
3	it 's a square shape , totaling 850 feet in size .
7	olof-palme-platz in berlin olof-palme-platz is a small square in central berlin next to berlin zoo , since 1991 named after the murdered swedish prime minister olof palme .
11	the monolith videogame series xenosaga is the spiritual successor to the square game xenogears ; each is the product of the same creative minds .
13	geometry the intersection of the cloister vault with a horizontal plane is a square .
3	july 19 -- square releases final fantasy iv in japan , the first final fantasy game for the super famicom ( released in november as final fantasy ii in north america ) .
8	his silhouettes took geometry as a reference : square , trapezoid , triangle .
30	however , the distinction is often blurred : for instance , geometric shapes can be represented by objects ; a digital image can be interpreted as a collection of color square ; and geometric shapes such as circle are defined by implicit mathematical equations .
5	prior to the merger of square and enix in 2003 , enix did not initially have a localization department and outsourced its western releases to translators who had no close contact with the original development teams .
10	the building dagbreek is built in the form of a square and consists of seventeen occupied sections with four rooms and a bathroom on each floor .
31	when no specific shape is described , a box of rectangular cross-section with all sides flat may be expected , but a box may have a horizontal cross section that is square , elongated , round or oval ; sloped or domed top surfaces , or non-vertical sides .
33	this civilization ( called geometers ( геометры ) , because of their love for order : e.g. they even reshaped the two continents of their home planet to resemble a circle and a square ) bears a striking resemblance to the earth of noon universe .
11	topology topologically , the möbius strip can be defined as the square with its top and bottom sides identified by the relation for as in the diagram on the right .
5	the vertex figure has 4 square faces passing through the center of the model .
7	the quadrilaterals of this type include the square with unit-length diagonals , which has area 1/2 .
16	its current advisory board consists of marc benioff of salesforce , jack dorsey of twitter and square , reid hoffman of linkedin , and padmasree warrior of cisco , among others .
7	the diamond , which is the main square in the town , includes a prominent ' obelisk ' celebrating ` the four masters ' , four gaelic historians led by brother mícheál ó cléirigh who wrote the annals of the four masters in the 1630s .
59	column , often topped with a statue -- such as trajan 's column in rome , nelson 's column in london and berlin victory column eternal flame that kept burns continuously , usually lit to honor unknown soldier -- such as russia 's tomb of unknown soldier fountain , a water-pouring structure usually placed in a formal garden or square -- such as fontaines de la concorde and gardens of versailles grave stone constitute small monuments to the deceased -- such as the tombs and vaults of veterans in les invalides and srebrenica genocide memorial .
10	for example , they will still insist that '' a square is not a rectangle .
9	54 can be written as the sum of three square in three different ways : .
5	the port was released by square of final fantasy fame in 1987 .
4	, video game by square , features the orbital elevator '' a.t.l.a.s. '' .
8	parquet patterns are entirely geometrical and angular -- square , triangle , lozenge .
9	across the street from the building there is a square with fountains and a single moriche palm tree , which was taken from the outskirts of the city and replanted there .
7	abaddon is a boss enemy in the square video game final fantasy viii in the salt flats outside the xenophobic city-state esthar .
10	connaught place , formerly called connaught centre , is a square near jardine house in central , hong kong .
30	algebraic properties the full automorphism group of the butterfly graph is a group of order 8 isomorphic to the dihedral group d 4 , the group of symmetries of a square , including both rotations and reflections .
3	there are one square , one octagon , and one apeirogon on each vertex .
4	biography motomu toriyama joined square around the time of the final fantasy vi launch in 1994 .
23	thorold gosset identified this series in 1900 as containing all regular polytope facets , containing all simplex and orthoplex ( equilateral triangle and square in the case of the triangular prism ) .
4	for example , a square is fat because its length and width are identical .
8	in 1998 , bushido blade , published by square , introduced a realistic fighting engine that featured three-dimensional environments while abandoning time limits and health bars in favor of an innovative body damage system , where a sword strike to a certain body part can amputate a limb or decapitate the head .
25	a decomino , or 10-omino , is a polyomino of order 10 , that is , a polygon in the plane made of 10 equal-sized square connected edge-to-edge .
10	the brunswick parks and recreation department operates city park and square .
26	it holds with equality only when the two circles are concentric ( have the same center as each other ) ; then the quadrilateral is a square .
4	he was employed by square from 1993 to 1999 and is now working at monolith soft .
11	he left konami in 1995 to join the osaka branch of square .
17	p4 ( 442 ) : 2 × 4-fold , 2 × 2-fold ; rotation group of a square lattice .
23	dice had been interested in english translations of japanese games and following in the footsteps of ted woolsey in the translation of several square japanese titles .
4	he was hired by square in 1990 .
21	the first element comes from the word sandr which means '' sandy area '' , and the second element means '' square '' .
19	it is a rectangular table ( 33x27 cm ) of wood which contains 17 compartments , of which 14 square , 2 rectangular and one octagonal .
2	spiff wears square glasses , or goggles , whose lenses change their shape according to his emotion .
38	the four regular hendecagrams -lcb- 11/2 -rcb- , -lcb- 11/3 -rcb- , -lcb- 11/4 -rcb- , and -lcb- 11/5 -rcb- in geometry , a hendecagrammic prism is a star polyhedron made from two identical regular hendecagram connected by square .
6	plaza peru plaza perú is a square in the city of concepción , chile .
10	is a japanese-exclusive tactical role-playing game developed and published by square on july 5 , 2001 for the wonderswan color and compatible with the wonderswan .
43	ledoux : rotonde de la villette , paris officially opened on 31 march 1928 in the presence of prince eugen , due to financial constraints the library was still missing its west wing which was only added in 1932 to complete the approximately square base around the rotunda of the main reading room .
5	in mathematics eighty-one is the square of 9 and the fourth power of 3 .
33	in november 2012 , kabbage won the venturebeat in february 2013 , fast company named kabbage one of the top 10 most innovative companies in finance , along with platforms like paypal and square .
2	jpg arcos square .
3	tourism a large square dominates to the village where a roman catholic church is situated from 1590 .
40	in 2000 , he decided to join '' a company with a ` theme ' '' , and , thinking that one of the themes of the 21st century was '' creating society '' , chose the video game company square .
5	it looks like a rounded square with '' sides '' of length and centered on the origin .
6	from left to right : the square , the cube and the tesseract .
32	the name was jaguar 's idea , inspired in the italian folk-tale character pasquino , who , according to the legend , used to write and tell stories in a major public square .
9	six bicupolae have regular polygon faces : triangular , square and pentagon ortho - and gyrobicupolae .
2	in the square game live-a-live , there is a mechanic named gennai who is responsible for the creation of mechanical traps in the bakumatsu chapter .
18	for example , they show immediately that no rectangle can have an inscribed circle unless it is a square , and that every rhombus has an inscribed circle , whereas a general parallelogram does not .
18	the original final fantasy video game , published in 1987 , is a role-playing video game developed by square , spawning a video game series that became the central focus of the franchise .
17	plato felt that the perfect proportion was the ratio of the side to the diagonal of a square .
9	the sun for instance , is a plain yellow square in the sky .
4	also in 1987 , square released rad racer , one of the first stereoscopic 3d games .
13	examples the simplest example of a space-filling tree is one that fills a square planar region .
3	there are one square , one octagon , and one dodecagon on each vertex .
9	the standard shapes of one-piece mat are rectangular , square , round and elliptic .
18	so : fifth powers are also formed by multiplying a number by its fourth power , or the square of a number by its cube .
32	inequalities if r and r are the inradius and the circumradius respectively , then the area k satisfies the inequalities there is equality on either side only if the quadrilateral is a square .
17	at each vertex of the tiling there is one triangle and one octagon , alternating between two square .
14	the national standard has the same design as the national flag , but is square , with length 0.9 m and width 0.9 m. when used by military units and organizations , lettering can encircle the coat of arms with a diameter of 55 centimeters .
9	special case a special case of right kites are square , where the diagonals have equal lengths , and the incircle and circumcircle are concentric .
2	published by square in 1991 on the original game boy , it later saw a north american re-release by sunsoft in april 1998 .
8	a similar sequence of iterations used for the square space-filling tree can be used for hypercubes .
15	impressed by western mmorpgs that he discovered there , such as everquest , sakaguchi convinced square to begin the development of their own mmorpg and suggested that it be based on the final fantasy series .
19	panoramic view of the lower level the plan of the palace is a 17 meter high , 63 meter square containing an inner circular patio .
22	when the famicom disk system was popular , sacom was a member of dog ( disk original group ) , of which square was a prominent member .
27	extend a second line of length r , orthogonal to ab , from b to c , and likewise from a to d , to form a square abcd .
9	is a role-playing video game developed and published by square for the playstation 2 video game console .
29	the 108 free heptominoes a heptomino ( or 7-omino ) is a polyomino of order 7 , that is , a polygon in the plane made of 7 equal-sized square connected edge-to-edge .
29	video games for more details on this topic , see lgbt characters in video games and lgbt themes in video games saga frontier ( a playstation title produced by square ) has a lesbian character named asellus .
8	they have 2 n triangle , 4 n square , and 2 n - gon .
5	it is a polyform with square cells .
8	in 1896 , it was replaced by a square , white steel room sitting on steel legs .
11	mathematics :  ≈ , the ratio of the diagonal of a square to its side length .
21	development hironobu sakaguchi had intended to make a role-playing game ( rpg ) for a long time , but his employer square refused to give him permission as it expected low sales of such a product .
25	development moon : remix rpg adventure is the first of three games developed by love-de-lic , a game developer made up of former members of square .
10	built in 1814 , it is unusual amongst london 's square in being elliptical , with the major axis oriented west-east .
28	in july 1986 , xtalsoft was among six other companies to form the disk original group , a collective publishing house for famicom disk system games headed by square for their part , xtalsoft developed sword of kalin under the disk original group .
21	video the video features d mob and singing in front of people with yellow mask in the shapes of triangle , square and circle , with the occasional mask of an eye .
8	the four extending loopings may have oval , square , or triangular endings , or may terminate with free-form shapes such as leaves , lobes , blades , wings etc. occurrences the solomon 's knot often occurs in ancient roman mosaic , usually represented as two interlaced ovals .
8	ted woolsey -- american video game translator for square during the snes era .
8	related polytopes the octagon , as a truncated square , is first in a sequence of truncated hypercube : petrie polygons the octagon is the petrie polygon for these 12 higher-dimensional uniform polytope , shown in these skew orthogonal projection of in a 7 , b 4 , and d 5 coxeter plane .
8	the game was released as a spin-off to square 's popular final fantasy series of video games .
0	square -- a parallelogram with four sides of equal length and angles of equal size ( right angles ) .
5	a semiprime is either a square of a prime or square-free .
1	like square and equilateral triangle , regular hexagons fit together without any gaps to tile the plane ( three hexagons meeting at every vertex ) , and so are useful for constructing tessellation .
12	exceptionally , specially-shaped bits can cut holes of non-circular cross-section ; a square cross-section is possible .
15	by analogy , it relates to a parallelogram just as a cube relates to a square or as a cuboid to a rectangle .
0	square also released their first rpg that same year , which was an early futuristic sci-fi rpg for the pc-8801 , genesis : beyond the revelation , featuring a post-apocalyptic setting .
21	here is a partial list of notable expressways , tunnel , bridge , road , avenues , street , crescent , square and bazaar in hong kong .
16	structure of the jade suits that have been found , the pieces of jade are mostly square or rectangular in shape , though triangular , trapezoid and rhomboid plaques have also been found .
22	ted wang is a silicon valley lawyer who represents high profile startups and established technology companies such as facebook , path , square , stumbleupon , twitter , sonos and dropbox .
3	in 1991 , square released seiken densetsu , also known as final fantasy adventure or sword of mana in the west , for the game boy .
25	a formally real field f is a field that satisfies in addition one of the following equivalent properties : 1 is not a sum of square in f .
11	norrmalmstorg in the 1900s norrmalmstorg in july 2006 norrmalmstorg is a square in central stockholm , sweden .
24	however , he was not originally slated to be the protagonist as disney wanted donald duck to be the protagonist of the game while square wanted to have mickey mouse as the protagonist .
18	the pete initially developed as a pedestrian precinct with the public spaces evolving with bazaar streets , temple square , lakes and maidans ( open grounds ) .
0	square polyomino pentomino puzzle , tetris , lonpos puzzle , fillomino , tentai show , ripple effect ( puzzle ) , lits , nurikabe , sudoku - !
11	hirota was previously a sound effects programmer having worked on various square titles .
11	doug perry of ign said the game was an attempt by square to '' cash in '' on the popular kart racer genre created by nintendo 's successful mario kart .
22	rep-tiles and polyforms some rep-tiles are based on polyform like polyiamond and polyomino , or shapes created by laying equilateral triangle and square edge-to-edge .
11	the grid defines geographic space as an array of equally sized square grid points arranged in rows and columns .
10	is a role-playing video game originally developed and published by square as the fourth game of their saga series .
8	the hypercube is prismatic ( product of a square and a cube ) , but is considered separately because it has symmetries other than those inherited from its factors .
16	pintaderas were usually decorated with ornate geometric shapes , including zigzag , triangle , rectangle , square and circle .
10	description their carapace is usually wider than long and of square or ovate shape .
7	in contrast with the case of a square or other polygon , all permutations of the vertices can be achieved by rotation and flipping over ( or reflecting ) .
24	he spent the next few years working first as a manga illustrator then as a composer for anime series before coming to work for square .
16	he also proved that the area of a circle was equal to π multiplied by the square of the radius of the circle ( πr 2 ) .
30	the other , '' small two of pieces ~ screeching shards ~ '' , was the first ending theme with sung lyrics to ever appear in a game developed by square .
17	today , the church 's original mulberry street location is about two blocks from the current courthouse square of the city of hartford city .
17	rad racer , originally released in japan as , is a racing game developed and published by square for the family computer in 1987 .
1	ball square : a low rectangular parallelepiped shape .
11	the triangle face makes the short edge , and the two square faces make the long edges .
8	there is the 1-d split-ring structure with two square rings , one inside the other .
14	the first and oldest house were constructed around the praça do japão ( japan square ) , which is located in an upland area .
6	markt is the name of a square in rosmalen , north brabant , netherlands .
5	the torrejones were relatively simple square or egg-shaped structures , with several floors , built of limestone or brick .
24	teaching should be appropriate to students ' developmental level : young students should be able to explain the difference between a rectangle and a square , while older students should be able to express more complex reasoning , including simple mathematical proof .
1	a square is a limiting case of both a kite and a rhombus .
21	the company heavily participated in the disk original group , a collective publishing house for famicom disk system games headed by square .
16	the game 's msx port was also one of the first titles to be published by square .
12	table tops can be in virtually any shape , although rectangular , square , round ( e.g. , the round table ) , and oval tops are the most frequent .
27	international symbol of access the international symbol of access ( isa ) , also known as the ( international ) wheelchair symbol , consists of a blue square overlaid in white with a stylized image of a person using a wheelchair .
6	many third-party developers , such as square and enix , whose final fantasy vii and dragon warrior vii were initially pre-planned for the n64 , switched to the playstation .
18	an american-style crossword grid layout a crossword is a word puzzle that normally takes the form of a square or a rectangular grid of white and black shaded squares .
18	( ex : snatcher ) software companies that produced exclusive software for the nec pc-8801 included enix , square , sega , nihon falcom , bandai , hal laboratory , ascii , pony canyon , technology and entertainment software , wolf team , dempa , champion soft , starcraft , micro cabin , psk , and bothtec .
1	a square with interior is also a 2-manifold with boundary .
8	rectangular pipes form cuboid shapes with either a square or rectangular cross-section when viewed from above .
16	for example , the edge figure for a regular cubic honeycomb -lcb- 4,3,4 -rcb- is a square , and for a regular polychoron -lcb- p , q , r -rcb- is the polygon -lcb- r -rcb- .
5	for example , quasitruncating the square gives a regular octagram , and quasitruncating the cube gives the uniform stellated truncated hexahedron .
0	square 's role-playing game final fantasy iv features a large number of characters designed by yoshitaka amano .
11	he first became a developer when he took a job with square as a debugger on the game boy game final fantasy legend ii .
33	another song on the soundtrack , '' small two of pieces ~ screeching shards ~ '' , was the first ending theme with sung lyrics to ever appear in a game developed by square .
30	in the desarguesian projective plane of order q , pg ( 2 , q ) , the size of a blocking set b is bounded : when q is a square the lower bound is achieved by any baer subplane and the upper bound comes from the complement of a baer subplane .
7	east valley school district encompasses approximately 100 square miles , extending from butler road east to the idaho border and from the spokane river north to the foothills of mount spokane .
7	the population density was 6.1 people per square mile ( 2.4 / km ² ) .
9	n = 2 both hypercube and cross-polytope in are square , but coordinates of vertices are arranged differently n = 3 cube ( the hypercube ) and octahedron ( the cross-polytope ) of .
12	after several years of private composition studies he became an employee of square in 1994 .
5	typical lantern clocks comprised a square case on ball or urn feet , a large circular dial ( with a chapter ring extending beyond the width of the case on early examples ) , a single hour hand , and a large bell and finial .
22	the problem concerns which subtyping or inheritance relationship should exist between classes which represent circle and ellipse ( or , similarly , square and rectangle ) .
17	) they are also common in meetings with friends , especially those taking place in park , square , beach or along the coastline in ramblas ( an avenue bordering the coast with pedestrian areas on each side ) such as the ones in montevideo .
32	sword of mana was produced by series creator koichi ishii , directed by takeo oin , and largely developed by employees of brownie brown who had previously worked on the series for square .
23	it was at the same time stated that the proportions were to be 3 : 5 with the fields to the hoist being square as in the flags of denmark , norway , iceland and the faroes .
22	chrono trigger : crimson echoes is a non-profit fangame project developed by the international team kajar laboratories as a rom hack of square 's role-playing video game chrono trigger for the super nintendo entertainment system .
0	square 's 1995 snes rpg chrono trigger featured a major villain who was transgender .
8	it is a game that consists of a square floor covered in seven rows and eight columns of tiles ( 56 tiles in total ) .
23	then the cycle index z ( g ) of g is given by example consider the group g of rotational symmetries of a square in the euclidean plane .
6	is a dating sim developed by square and nintendo , and published by nintendo on december 1 , 1987 for the family computer disk system .
31	the game was directed by yasumi matsuno , and since the release of the title , he has chosen sakimoto as a regular for his development team at quest and later square .
4	the west tower was square in plan , the east tower octagonal .
7	other now-famous companies such as enix , square and nihon falcom also produced similar erotic games in the early 1980s before they became famous for their role-playing video game .
20	the napkin folding problem is a problem in geometry and the mathematics of paper folding that explores whether folding a square or a rectangular napkin can increase its perimeter .
3	in 1991 , square released seiken densetsu for the game boy , also known as final fantasy adventure in the west .
8	the 6-cube is prismatic ( product of a square and a cube ) , but is considered separately because it has symmetries other than those inherited from its factors .
21	it is one of the most important intersections in mingora , and there are numerous shops and establishments located around this square .
16	the most common angles form polygonal faces : 60 degrees ( triangle ) 90 degrees ( square ) 108 degrees ( pentagon ) 120 degrees ( hexagon ) each module joins others at the vertices of a polyhedron to form a polygon face .
19	common areas between apartment buildings were brought back to normality after decades of neglect , while parks , city square and sports recreational areas were renovated , giving tirana a more european look .
4	the following year , square 's popular role-playing video game , final fantasy vii , included a snowboarding minigame that was later released as an indepdendent snowboarding game , final fantasy vii snowboarding , for mobile phones .
22	soundtrack development hiroki kikuta , best known for composing the music to seiken densetsu 2 and seiken densetsu 3 while working at square , established sacnoth in 1997 with funding from snk .
10	however , he eventually applied at the video game company square after he had seen a job advertisement with a drawing by amano .
19	compared with dragon quest and such games focused on story , metal max featured an open world similar as square 's romancing saga .
27	if a rectangle has length and width it has area , it has perimeter , each diagonal has length , and when , the rectangle is a square .
38	some of the more important franchises that debuted on the nes were nintendo 's own super mario bros . , the legend of zelda and metroid , capcom 's mega man franchise , konami 's castlevania franchise , square 's final fantasy and enix 's dragon quest franchises .
3	consider the largest square that can be placed in an arbitrary triangle .
19	, also known as , is a player character in the role-playing video game final fantasy vi released by square in 1994 .
8	after about three years , he applied at square with a resume containing a photographed oil painting of his and was hired by the company in 1999 .
3	the only nontrivial square fibonacci number is 144 .
11	the trust aims to increase knowledge and appreciation of park , square , community gardens , cemeteries and churchyard in london .
7	the next year , the japanese company square was struggling and hironobu sakaguchi decided to make his final game -- a role-playing game ( rpg ) modeled after dragon quest and titled final fantasy -- resulting in the series , which would go on to become the world 's most successful rpg franchise spawning 15 main series titles to date and a host of spin-off games , movies and other media .
5	the title refers to a square on moscow 's boulevard ring near which the film 's main characters reside .
7	final fantasy chronicles is a compilation of square 's role-playing video game final fantasy iv and chrono trigger , released for the north american sony playstation on june 29 , 2001 .
13	the name comes from its basic footwork : its four steps form a square pattern .
10	it has 14 faces ( 8 regular hexagon and 6 square ) , 36 edges , and 24 vertices .
8	among the composers she grew familiar with were square employees hitoshi sakimoto , nobuo uematsu and kenji ito .
30	it spawned the dragon quest franchise and served as the blueprint for the emerging console rpg genre , inspiring the likes of sega 's phantasy star ( 1987 ) and square 's final fantasy ( 1987 ) , which spawned its own successful final fantasy franchise and introduced the side-view turn-based battle system , with the player characters on the right and the enemies on the left , imitated by numerous later rpgs .
15	the sequence of stella octangula numbers begins ljunggren 's equation there are only two positive square stella octangula numbers , 1 and 9653449 = 3107 2 = ( 13 239 ) 2 , corresponding to n = 1 and n = 169 respectively .
10	equivalently , a powerful number is the product of a square and a cube , that is , a number m of the form m = a 2 b 3 , where a and b are positive integers .
13	the area of a shape can be measured by comparing the shape to square of a fixed size .
18	10 km , 10,000 m , or 1 e+4 m is equal to : 6.2 miles side of square with area 100 km 2 radius of circle with area 314.159 km 2 the classical greeks used letters of the greek alphabet to represent greek numerals : they used a capital letter mu ( μ ) to represent 10000 , whose name in greek is myriad .
17	developed by tose , the game was the last dragon quest game enix published before merging with square .
11	the term is occasionally used to refer to a non - square rectangle .
3	taxicab circles are square with sides oriented at a 45 ° angle to the coordinate axes .
14	if both nodes are ringed , a rectangle can be created , or a square if the point is at equal distance from both mirrors .
6	it has 24 triangle , 24 square and 4 hexagon faces .
32	the playstation 's cd technology won over several developers who had been releasing titles for nintendo and sega 's fourth generation consoles , such as konami , namco , capcom , and square .
4	place d'armes is a square in old montreal quarter of montreal , in quebec , canada .
31	in geometry , the octagrammic cupola is a star-cupola made from an octagram , -lcb- 8/3 -rcb- and parallel hexadecagram , -lcb- 16/3 -rcb- , connected by 8 equilateral triangle and square .
7	this enables geometries such as hexes , square and flats to be machined at faster speeds than by milling .
1	this square had historically been the site of large protests , such as the violent suppression of the jeans revolution that took place after the disputed 2006 presidential election .
10	it was released in japan shortly before the merger between square and enix .
6	that year saw the release of square 's parasite eve , which combined elements from resident evil with the rpg gameplay of final fantasy .
7	stephansplatz , vienna the stephansplatz is a square at the geographical center of vienna .
21	mystery quest , known in japanese as , is a platform game developed by carry lab and published in japan by square 's disk original group on may 1 , 1987 and in north america by taxan in april 1989 .
11	is a japan-exclusive professional wrestling video game developed and published by square on june 8 , 2000 for the playstation 2 .
12	for example , all circle are similar to each other , all square are similar to each other , and all equilateral triangles are similar to each other .
11	for example , 3.4.3.4 is the cuboctahedron with alternating triangular and square faces around each vertex .
31	the café novelty ( coffeehouse novelty ) is the oldest café in the city of salamanca ( spain ) , which was founded in 1905 and is situated in the main square of the city , plaza mayor de salamanca .
27	the number 10 , for example , can be arranged as a triangle ( see triangular number ) -rcb- but 10 can not be arranged as a square .
36	sides the sides a , b , c , and d of any quadrilateral satisfy and maximum and minimum properties among all quadrilaterals with a given perimeter , the one with the largest area is the square .
19	in mathematics , a costas array can be regarded geometrically as a set of n points lying on the square of a n n checkerboard , such that each row or column contains only one point , and that all of the n ( n 1 ) / 2 displacement vector between each pair of dots are distinct .
7	all regular polygon ( equilateral triangle , square , etc. ) are isotoxal , having double the minimum symmetry order : a regular n - gon has d n ( \* nn ) dihedral symmetry .
7	one of the roads ended at a square which overlooked the area 's numerous wharfs .
20	in geometry , the snub cube , or snub cuboctahedron , is an archimedean solid with 38 faces : 6 square and 32 equilateral triangle .
8	the face-up shape of the princess cut is square or rectangular and the profile or side-on shape is similar to that of an inverted pyramid with four beveled sides .
34	the chowk the hutatma chowk memorial with the flora fountain , on its left in the background from the time the flora fountain was built in 1864 and until 1960 , the chowk ( square ) where five streets meet ( hence , also known as the picadilly circus of mumbai ) and the fountain stands now , was named as the flora fountain area .
13	undecorated bottles used as containers for a variety of liquids were blown into square molds to give them corners so they could be packed into compartments of wooden cases .
20	another reason for the wonderswan 's success in japan was the fact that bandai managed to get a deal with square to port over the original famicom final fantasy games with improved graphics and controls .
8	its frontal façade creates the border of the square .
14	along with sakaguchi , their combined appearance culminated in the separation of the '' square '' label from parent software company denyuusha .
29	the 35 free hexominoes a hexomino ( or 6-omino ) is a polyomino of order 6 , that is , a polygon in the plane made of 6 equal-sized square connected edge-to-edge .
3	december 18 , square 's hironobu sakaguchi releases final fantasy for the famicom in japan .
5	tajiri was also influenced by square 's game boy game the final fantasy legend , noting in an interview that the game gave him the idea that more than just action games could be developed for the handheld .
0	square then released a statement that only the look of the save screen was corrupted , and saving was still possible , and if players wished , repeatedly going into and out of the save screen would make a normal screen eventually appear .
1	the square there was built at the same time the new city area was developed in the 1940s .
13	when uematsu was working at a music rental shop in tokyo , a square employee asked if he would be interested in creating music for some of the titles they were working on .
10	the pentagonal cupola consists of 5 equilateral triangle , 5 square , 1 pentagon , and 1 decagon .
4	it was presented by square 's final fantasy x .
54	the n - dimensional cross-polytope can also be defined as the closed unit ball ( or , according to some authors , its boundary ) in the -norm on r n : in 1 dimension the cross-polytope is simply the line segment ( 1 , +1 ) , in 2 dimensions it is a square ( or diamond ) with vertices -lcb- ( ± 1 , 0 ) , ( 0 , ± 1 ) -rcb- .
14	after creating music for four games as a freelancer , he was employed at square from 1991 to 1998 , where he worked on five games in total .
16	for instance , secret of mana ( 1993 ) , an early action role-playing game by square , was one of the first commercial rpgs to feature cooperative multiplayer gameplay , offering two-player and three-player action once the main character had acquired his party members .
4	the following year , square 's suishō no dragon on the nes took it a step further with its introduction of visual icons and animated scenes .
7	is a role-playing video game developed by square for the playstation .
9	the interior was designed for two rows of ten square pallet , an indication that the victorian railways was keeping in mind developing trends , as pallets are still used today for stock movements .
1	the square was created in 1785 .
12	concept and creation final fantasy x-2 marks the first soundtrack where former square composer nobuo uematsu did not contribute a single piece , despite having composed the majority of the soundtrack for the predecessor , final fantasy x , as he was already busy with other projects .
18	this appears to be referring to a rectangle , although some interpretations consider this to refer to a square .
6	gamespot once again compared grandia to square 's popular final fantasy series , calling it '' every bit as worthwhile as final fantasy viii , just in different ways , '' calling attention to its sound quality that is '' as complete and detailed as it visuals '' , but finding fault in the game 's translation and voice work that was declared '' inexcusable by today 's standards .
24	in the second half of the publication 's life , there was a monthly final fantasy forum dedicated to playing tips and secrets for square games , even despite the fact that none of the final fantasy game series had been released in europe at that point .
11	music chocobo racing original soundtrack is a soundtrack album produced by square .
38	a nonomino or jigsaw sudoku puzzle , as seen in the sunday telegraph a nonomino ( or 9-omino ) is a polyomino of order 9 , that is , a polygon in the plane made of 9 equal-sized square connected edge-to-edge .
24	history sacnoth was created in 1997 by hiroki kikuta , best known for composing the music to secret of mana series while working at square and was set up with funding from the video game company snk .
14	past keynote speakers at the conference have included executives from startups like dropbox , square and cue .
34	related polyhedra crossed octagrammic cupola the crossed octagrammic cupola is a star-cupola made from an octagram , -lcb- 8/5 -rcb- and parallel hexadecagram , -lcb- 16/5 -rcb- , connected by 8 equilateral triangle and square .
3	there are one square , one hexagon , and one hexadecagon ( 16-sides ) on each vertex .
28	the single free domino in mathematics , a domino is a polyomino of order 2 , that is , a polygon in the plane made of two equal-sized square connected edge-to-edge .
14	will : the death trap ii is a video game developed and published by square for the nec pc-8801 , nec pc-9801 , fujitsu fm-7 , and sharp x1 in 1985 .
15	dual tiling it is the dual tessellation of the great rhombitetrapentagonal tiling which has one square and one octagon and one decagon at each vertex .
6	the principality of chach had a square citadel built here around the 5th to 3rd centuries bc , some south of the syr darya river .
8	he began his career working for konami and square in the 1990s , then joined fellow ex-square designers at love-de-lic in 1996 , where he designed .
39	tarski 's circle-squaring problem is the challenge , posed by alfred tarski in 1925 , to take a disc in the plane , cut it into finitely many pieces , and reassemble the pieces so as to get a square of equal area .
0	square ( regular quadrilateral ) : all four sides are of equal length ( equilateral ) , and all four angles are right angles .
11	note : \* - the half operator , h , reduces square faces into digon , with two coinciding edges , which can be replaced by a single edge .
16	for example , -lcb- 3 -rcb- is an equilateral triangle , -lcb- 4 -rcb- is a square and so on .
7	meshes of triangles ( instead of e.g. square ) are popular as they have proven to be easy to render using scanline rendering .
13	, or ( 5 squared ) , can be shown graphically using a square .
25	this graphical method is not only suited to racing games ; it is also used extensively for the overworld sections of role-playing games such as square 's popular 1994 game final fantasy vi .
12	it is staffed by veteran game design from videogame companies that include square , ubisoft , and ea .
3	there are one square , one dodecagon , and one hexakaidecagon on each vertex .
3	this game started square 's popular and long-running series .
9	is a 1999 video game developed and published by square .
1	every square , rectangle , parallelogram , rhombus , or triangle is rep-4 .
17	in base ten , 26 is the smallest number that is not a palindrome to have a square ( 26 ^ 2 = 676 ) which is a palindrome .
18	committed from the start to make a franchise to rival series such as enix 's dragon quest and square 's final fantasy , murayama wrote a chronological prequel for his story and used that instead in order not to waste the suikoden ii script due to his lack of experience .
1	the square where the main entrance of lisbon zoo is located is named after him and his body was moved to the national pantheon alongside some former portuguese presidents .
17	the series is the brainchild of tetsuya takahashi and has been published by several companies , including square , namco , and nintendo .
3	before he joined square , watanabe wrote manga novelization .
29	extending the festival 's program in 1994 , the festival 's program was extended to more than two days , featuring a multitude of events , performances in the square in front of the city hall , the burial of the carnival , and an entertainment program in the carnival tent .
15	objective each team moves a piece on a game board formed by a sequence of square .
16	there are only three shapes that can form such regular tessellations : the equilateral triangle , square , and regular hexagon .
17	the middle layer contains two trapezoid pieces , which together may form an irregular hexagon or a square .
15	klondike is a brand name for a dessert generally consisting of a vanilla ice cream square coated with a thin layer of chocolate , often known as a klondike bar .
12	gems normal gems come in seven different colors and shapes such as square - shaped rubies , rhombus - shaped topaz , sphere - shaped diamond , decagonal emerald , crystal-shaped sapphire , triangle - shaped amethyst , and hexagonal garnets .
69	typical woods include : nanmu , durable softwood zitan ( red sandalwood ) zhangmu ( camphor tree , cinnamomum camphora ) bomu yinxing ( ginkgo biloba ) hongmu ( padauk , redwood or blackwood ) , suan zhi in cantonese longan ( dragon eye ) mahogany methodology classical mudiao is begun by selecting a whole block of wood , sawing it into a regular shape , such as a square flat board , then using edged carving tools to sculpt pictures either in bas-relief or in three-dimensions .
11	concrete wading pools come in many shapes , traditionally rectangle , square or circle .
4	place jacques-cartier is a square located in old montreal in montreal , quebec , canada , and an entrance to the old port of montreal .
18	the circulation around a closed curve c is the line integral : the dimension of circulation are length square , divided by time ; l 2 ⋅ t − 1 , which is equivalent to velocity times length .
10	a rectangle with four sides of equal length is a square .
20	rules first , forty-eight cards are dealt into twelve piles of four cards each , forming three sides of a square .
8	other now-famous japanese companies such as enix , square and nihon falcom also released erotic adult games for the pc-8801 computer in the early 1980s before they became mainstream .
13	a quadrat block ( or quadrate block ) is a virtual rectangle or square in egyptian hieroglyphic text .
19	regular polytopes are the generalized analog in any number of dimensions of regular polygon ( for example , the square or the regular pentagon ) and regular polyhedra ( for example , the cube ) .
20	it is most commonly used to describe a love relationship between two couples where it takes the form of a square , in which all four people have a love relationship with each other .
6	the broderick tower is not a square , or even a parallelogram in shape .
13	this form can be visualized by alternatingly coloring the edges of the 6 square .
7	a delf tenné , a large tenné square in the center , given to one who has revoked a challenge .
12	a p-gonal antiprismatic prism or p-gonal antiduoprism has 4p triangle , 4p square and 4 p-gon faces .
21	a quadrilateral is affine-regular if and only if it is a parallelogram , which includes rectangle and rhombus as well as square .
11	there is equality if and only if the quadrilateral is a square .
10	they are known for manufacturing drill bits which can drill square holes , including blind hole which can not be made with other methods such as broaching .
4	and they made it square !
8	there must be six equilateral triangle , four square or three regular hexagon at a vertex , yielding the three regular tessellations .
8	it is defined as the area of a square whose sides measure exactly one metre .
8	the squarial ( a portmanteau of the words square and aerial ) was a satellite antenna used for reception of the now defunct british satellite broadcasting television service .
3	6 august -- square releases secret of mana for the snes , the second in a series of action role-playing game ( the first technically being final fantasy adventure for the game boy in 1991 ) .
13	in number theory , the sum of the first n cube is the square of the n th triangular number .
9	at the center of the village is a large square known as the ` borough ' around which are grouped picturesque cottage and a public house , the phelips arms ; there is a second public house and hotel situated in the village , called the king 's arms .
14	there are only three regular tessellations : those made up of equilateral triangle , square , or regular hexagon .
9	such shapes are called polygon and include triangle , square , and pentagon .
18	the study of equidissections began in the late 1960s with monsky 's theorem , which states that a square can not be equidissected into an odd number of triangles .
40	the visitors can observe pieces of art , depictions of the mining process , geology displays , educational exhibitions about environmental friendly mining and sustainable development the main places at the park are : '' the sacred axis '' a square with an halite hand carved cross ( 4.20 meters height ) the salt dome the mine the brine museum , where the visitor learns about how works the extraction process of salt from the halite .
6	is a scrolling shooter developed by square for the playstation console .
6	jim mckelvey , the co-founder of square , and gabe lozano , the founder of lockerdome , sit on the advisory board .
65	any non-self-crossing quadrilateral that has an axis of symmetry must be either a kite ( if the axis of symmetry is a diagonal ) or an isosceles trapezoid ( if the axis of symmetry passes through the midpoints of two sides ) ; these include as special cases the rhombus and the rectangle respectively , which have two axes of symmetry each , and the square which is both a kite and an isosceles trapezoid and has four axes of symmetry .
12	development origins as a video game company with different production teams , square had wished for its employees to efficiently share their know-how and technology even before the merger with enix .
8	the reservation , in the shape of a square , is almost evenly divided in land area between the two states , with the northern 50.2 percent in southern owyhee county , idaho and the southern 49.8 percent in northwestern elko county , nevada .
8	it is roughly a 13-mile ( 20-kilometre ) square - shaped peninsula , bounded by morecambe bay to the north , the ribble estuary to the south , the irish sea to the west , and the bowland hills to the east .
25	on the bottom part of the screen is a small keyboard , on which there are some shapes ( triangle , circle , diamond , square , etc. ) .
13	special cases examples of equidiagonal quadrilaterals include the isosceles trapezoid , rectangle and square .
10	an equilateral quadrilateral is a rhombus , which includes the square as a special case .
12	the rectangular cuboid ( six rectangular faces ) , cube ( six square faces ) , and the rhombohedron ( six rhombus faces ) are all specific cases of parallelepiped .
20	if there are twelve rods arranged in a circle , they symbolize the celestial world , four rods forming a square symbolizes the earthly world .
10	when unspecified , the base is usually assumed to be square .
9	if n = 6 , then st is a square , and t 1/3 ≤ s ≤ t 3 .
7	it was published by ntt publishing / square on july 15 , 1991 with the catalog number n23d-003 .
8	in general , these designs begin with a square sheet of paper whose sides may be different colors or prints .
4	the equivalent in a square is diagonal , because two coordinates change .
34	the wonderswan is playable both vertically and horizontally , and features a unique library of games , including numerous first-party titles based on licensed anime properties , as well as significant third-party support from square , namco , and taito .
9	the 99t also makes appearances in rad racer from square and continental circus from taito , both released in 1987 .
13	for example , a vertex configuration of ( 4,6,8 ) means that a square , hexagon , and octagon meet at a vertex ( with the order taken to be clockwise around the vertex ) .
10	is a japan tactical role-playing game developed and published by square for the nintendo super famicom on february 9 , 1996 .
11	minoritenplatz with minoritenkirche the minoritenplatz is one of the oldest public square in vienna .
12	in 1995 , less than a year after his death , the square in front of the frankenstadion , home of the 1 .
9	the tenth game of the final fantasy series , square 's bestselling role-playing video game final fantasy x features several fictional characters designed by tetsuya nomura who wanted the main characters ' designs and names to be connected with their personalities and roles in the plot .
24	having studied many photographs , paintings and etchings , he discovered that details of interest were often placed precisely on the diagonals of a square , instead of any '' strong points '' that the rule of thirds or the photographic adaptation of the golden ratio suggests .
19	in geometry , the decagonal prism is the eighth in the infinite set of prisms , formed by ten square side faces and two regular decagon caps .
4	was the founder of square in 1986 .
5	he was later hired by square as a field designer for two of its larger releases .
12	is a 3d fighting game developed by dream factory and released by square in japan in 1997 .
24	the first dragon slayer title was an early action role-playing game , released in 1984 for the nec pc-88 computer system and ported by square for the msx .
14	the starter kit includes 92 pieces of various geometric shapes including a triangle , square , and hexagon , various beams and connectors , and treads that can be attached to shapes to form wheels .
19	solving on a computer a typical way of doing this is to sample f at regular intervals in the square ( 0,1 ) × ( 0,1 ) .
0	square 's 1999 best-selling role-playing video game final fantasy viii deals with an elite group of mercenaries called '' seed '' , as well as soldiers , rebels , and political leaders of various nations and cities .
7	the studio was signed by japanese powerhouse square , makers of the final fantasy games , to develop an original massively multiplayer online role-playing game .
21	if one truncates an icosidodecahedron by cutting the corners off , one does not get this uniform figure : instead of square the truncation has golden rectangle .
25	if a kite is equiangular , meaning that all four of its angles are equal , then it must also be equilateral and thus a square .
4	he previously worked for square , love-de-lic , and vanpool .
7	the game was developed and published by square exclusively in japan on january 27 , 1996 .
6	these fairs were located in the square , which is still the town center .
35	'' in mathematics used størmer 's method to prove catalan 's conjecture on the nonexistence of consecutive perfect power ( other than 8,9 ) in the case where one of the two powers is a square .
30	for example , at level 7 pupils are required to '' find the locus of a point that moves according to a specific rule , e.g. the vertex of a square as it rolls along a line '' : an area that has certainly never been tested in a national curriculum test .
17	given the aspect ratio of a 320 × 200 resolution screen , mode 13h does not have square pixels .
9	the end points of these two ranges are a square between two pronic number , with each of the pronic numbers being twice a pair triangular number .
10	at their centers is a circular boss inset on a square panel .
43	a bézier patch of degree ( m , n ) may be constructed out of two bézier triangle of degree m + n , or out of a single bézier triangle of degree m + n , with the input domain as a square instead of as a triangle .
17	is an action game for the nintendo super famicom , developed by hal laboratory and published by square .
13	creid ( , meaning '' believe '' ) is the arranged soundtrack to square 's role-playing video game xenogears .
9	description the simplest cross section of the pier is square , or rectangular , although other shapes are also common .
8	for instance , consider the following : a square : a quadrilateral that has interior angles which are all right angles , and that has bounding sides which all have the same length .
20	euclid 's teachings in the book are mostly about planes and conic section and all the forms of circle and square , which basically showed how geometry works , which came in very handy for physics and engineering .
24	the diamond-shaped tufa blocks were placed with the pointed ends into the cement core at an angle of roughly 45 degrees , so the square bases formed a diagonal pattern , and the pattern of mortar lines resembled a net .
7	the place de la république is a square in paris , located on the border between the 3rd , 10th and 11th arrondissement .
32	the french official arranged for the name , place de bitche , to be transferred to another site in the 19th arrondissement , near the pont de crimée , and rechristened the square outside mr. morton 's legation , place des états-unis .
6	is a fighting game published by square , released in both japan and north america in 1998 .
22	an extension of the previous inequality is where there is equality on either side if and only if the quadrilateral is a square .
21	early history hawkins county heritage days began in october 1978 when a small crowd gathered despite a downpour on the courthouse square in downtown rogersville to help raise funds for the nascent rogersville heritage association .
11	building the stucco - faced structure is built on a perfectly square plan , raised on a high rusticated service basement with an ionic portico , lifted well above the public towpath and facing the canal .
9	among video game music influences , he has cited square for providing him '' with the education for what quality means to this business '' and nobuo uematsu in particular .
11	the munstersquare ( or munsterplein in dutch ) is the main square in the city of roermond .
31	squares if a polyomino is rectifiable , or able to tile a rectangle , then it will also be a rep-tile , because the rectangle can be used to tile a square ( which is itself a special case of the rectangle ) .
1	the square may alternatively be divided into a pair of isosceles right triangle .
26	the aldred building ( french : édifice aldred ; also known as édifice la prévoyance ) is an art deco building on the historic place d'armes square in the old montreal quarter of montreal , quebec , canada .
0	square 's was an adventure rpg with a unique plot revolving around archeology .
10	in computer and video games in several games produced by square , including chrono trigger , final fantasy v , final fantasy vii , final fantasy viii , final fantasy ix , and final fantasy x , dark matter exists as a powerful magical element , enabling certain kinds of major attacks .
10	gameplay the game takes place on a 6 × 6 square grid representing a haunted castle .
19	( see centimetre ) 1 cm -- 10 millimeters 1 cm -- 0.39 inch 1 cm -- edge of square of area 2 1 cm -- edge of cube of volume 1 ml 1 cm -- approximate width of average fingernail 1.5 cm -- length of a very large mosquito 2 cm -- approximate width of an adult human finger 2.54 cm -- 1 inch 3.1 cm -- 1 attoparsec ( 10 − 18 parsec ) 3.5 cm -- width of film commonly used in motion pictures and still photography 4.3 cm -- minimum diameter of a golf ball 7.3-7 .5 cm -- diameter of a baseball 8.6 cm × 5.4 cm -- dimensions of a typical credit card 1 decimetre lengths between 10 centimetre and 100 centimetres ( 10 − 1 metre and 1 metre ) .
18	the basic polygon is often ( but not necessarily ) a convex plane-filling polygon , such as a square or a triangle .
10	construction the construction of the pythagoras tree begins with a square .
3	there are one square , one octagon , and one hexakaidecagon on each vertex .
15	: shinken green 's bear origami that forms the right leg , normally in its square shaped emblem form .
28	nintendo 's success was partially due to its retention of most of its key third-party developers from its earlier system , including capcom , konami , tecmo , square , koei , and enix .
13	500 place d'armes is an international style building on the historic place d'armes square in old montreal quarter of montreal , quebec , canada .
10	later that same year , game arts licensed thexder to square in order to develop a conversion for the nintendo entertainment system ( nes ) game console .
36	final fantasy vii ( ) , also called core crisis ( ) , is a chinese unofficial , unlicensed '' shanzhai '' demake of the 1997 role-playing video game final fantasy vii , originally developed by square for the playstation .
26	adeeb was a principal at venture capital firm khosla ventures , where he worked with noted investors vinod khosla and pierre lamond on such investments as square , groupme ( acquired by skype ) , and ness technologies .
24	she voiced yuffie kisaragi in the english version of the movie final fantasy vii advent children , as well as in the disney / square game kingdom hearts .
29	simple shapes can often be classified into basic geometric objects such as a point , a line , a curve , a plane , a plane figure ( e.g. square or circle ) , or a solid figure ( e.g. cube or sphere ) .
10	next the outlaw places his red peg on the small square on the opposite end of the board .
50	so in 3 4 2 the vertex -- a point , being here a degenerate polygon with 3 × 0 sides -- lies on the π / 3 corner of the triangle , and the altitude from that corner can be considered as forming half of the boundary between a square ( having 4 × 1 sides ) and a digon ( having 2 × 1 sides ) of zero area .
14	the place du luxembourg ( french ) or luxemburgplein ( dutch ) is a square in the european quarter of brussels ( belgium ) .
14	despite having no software development knowledge , he applied at the game development company square and was hired in 1990 .
17	at each vertex of the tiling there is one triangle and one heptagon , alternating between two square .
7	uglow preferred that his canvas be a square , a golden rectangle , or a rectangle of exact root value , as is the case with the root five nude ( 1976 ) .
13	final fantasy was developed by a team of seven core staff members within square referred to as the '' a-team '' .
9	development einhänder was the first 3d shooter developed by square , a company otherwise mostly known for their role-playing video game .
3	description varenyky are square - or crescent - shaped dumplings of unleavened dough , stuffed with mashed potato , sauerkraut , cheese , cabbage , meat , hard-boiled egg ( a mennonite tradition ) or a combination of these , or with a fruit filling .
32	a quincunx of pips on the fifth side of a die a quincunx is a geometric pattern consisting of five points arranged in a cross , with four of them forming a square or rectangle and a fifth at its center .
13	municipal flag and emblem flag of arad the emblem of arad is a square with a hill and a flame .
13	the game 's main designer and director is akira ueda , a former square graphic designer and a prominent contributor to the shining soul games .
18	it was commissioned in 1936 but brought to poland in 1991 monopol hotel katowice rondo , the large square / roundabout , reconstructed recently , with the semi-circular galeria rondo sztuki in the center .
17	pythagorean theorem the pythagorean theorem states that : in any right triangle , the area of the square whose side is the hypotenuse ( the side opposite the right angle ) is equal to the sum of the areas of the squares whose sides are the two legs ( the two sides that meet at a right angle ) .
12	children identify prototypes of basic geometrical figures ( triangle , circle , square ) .
5	he joined the predecessor company square in 1995 .
21	overview falcom was one of the three most important japanese role-playing video game developers in the 1980s , alongside enix and square , both of which were influenced by falcom .
9	the xenogears original soundtrack is the official soundtrack to square 's role-playing video game xenogears .
7	is a role-playing video game released by square in 1996 , and among the last they developed for the super famicom .
7	other now-famous companies such as enix , square and nihon falcom also produced similar eroge in the early 1980s before they became famous for their mainstream role-playing games .
1	a square enclosing one acre is approximately 69.57 yards , or on a side .
7	for example , any of the six square that bound a cube is a face of the cube .
6	the name has been used in square games .
11	it has nine platforms , of which the lower six are square and the upper three are circular .
15	some of these are reflection groups , e.g. , the group of symmetries of the square or the rectangle .
5	science fiction in 1986 , square released the science fiction adventure game suishō no dragon for the nes console .
22	plaza degetau , formally plaza federico degetau , is the larger of two plaza at plaza las delicias , the main city square in the city of ponce , puerto rico .
49	a woman wearing a bandana on her head a woman wearing a bandana on her head red and blue bandanas in traditional paisley patterns bandanas a kerchief ( from the french couvre-chef , '' cover the head '' ) also known as a bandana , is a triangular or square piece of cloth tied around the head or around the neck for protective or decorative purposes .
6	join the ends to form a square acbd .
26	the name of the squaring function shows its importance in the definition of the area : it comes from the fact that the area of a square with sides of length is equal to .
15	the novel was adapted into a film and a popular horror role-playing video game by square .
9	the solution to the quadrilateral isoperimetric problem is the square , and the solution to the triangle problem is the equilateral triangle .
9	'' the ruins present several patters of pyramid , square and rectangle .
8	logo the logo of this channel is a square with a circle inside similar to national geographic channel 's logo .
11	biography after graduating from tokyo zokei university , hiroyuki ito joined square in 1987 .
7	examples some figures , such circle and square , admit infinitely many inscribed squares .
25	all possible free trominos a tromino is a polyomino of order 3 , that is , a polygon in the plane made of three equal-sized square connected edge-to-edge .
16	for the basketball term boxing out see rebound ( basketball ) a boxout is an approximately square - shaped design element that contains text or graphics separate from the main body of text or graphics on the page .
12	is a scrolling shooter video game developed by workss and published by square for the nintendo entertainment system and msx .
17	many japanese video games feature anthropomorphic cats ( '' neko '' ) in mercantile roles ( e.g. square 's secret of mana ) as well .
35	finally a full symmetry where all 4 nodes are equivalent can be represented by ( 4 ( 3 ( 4 ) ) ) , with the order 8 , ( 4 ) symmetry of the square .
19	qanat quartier the pearl qatar 's '' venice - like community '' has an extensive canal system , pedestrian-friendly square and plaza and beachfront townhouse .
3	there are one square , one hexagon , and one tetradecagon ( 14-sides ) on each vertex .
6	final fantasy ( nes ) by square started the series in 1987 .
7	connetable connetable ( ) -- obelisk and square in gatchina , placed on the cross of 25th of october prospect ( main city 's street ) and krasnoarmeysky prospect .
30	a set of blocks toy blocks ( also building bricks , building blocks , or simply blocks ) , are wooden , plastic or foam pieces of various shapes ( square , cylinder , arch , triangle , etc. ) and color that are used as construction toy .
15	however , after graduating and moving to tokyo , he saw a recruitment ad for square in the magazine gamest , with a picture of final fantasy vi .
19	in geometry , the rhombicuboctahedron , or small rhombicuboctahedron , is an archimedean solid with eight triangular and eighteen square faces .
17	the geometric mean of two numbers , and , is the length of one side of a square whose area is equal to the area of a rectangle with sides of lengths and .
19	during march 1990 , after applying to several video game companies including hal laboratory , ito began working at square .
4	it was released by square in north america on october 1 , 1995 .
8	it has 20 regular triangular faces , 30 square faces , 12 regular pentagon faces , 60 vertices and 120 edges .
10	in the special case , where the trapezoid faces are square or rectangle , the pairs of triangles becoming coplanar and the polyhedron 's geometry is more specifically a right rhombic prism .
24	development fullmetal alchemist and the broken angel was developed by the japan company racjin and initially produced by enix , before their merger with square in april 2003 .
43	he also provided the voice of jack skellington , the main character in tim burton 's animated disney film the nightmare before christmas ( 1993 ) , and has since reprised the role in many other subsequent productions , including the disney / square video games kingdom hearts and kingdom hearts ii and the capcom sequel to the original film , .
15	the first game to introduce rpg elements into the mario franchise was , developed by square and released in 1996 for the super nintendo entertainment system .
30	in the bill he proposed , without argument , his own method : this appears needlessly convoluted , as an '' equilateral rectangle '' is , by definition , a square .
8	austrian federal chancellery at ballhausplatz ballhausplatz is a square in central vienna containing the building ( with the address ballhausplatz 2 ) that for over two hundred years has been the official residence of the most senior austria cabinet minister , the state chancellor , today the chancellor of austria ( prime minister ) .
3	it has 30 square faces , 20 regular hexagon faces , 12 regular decagon faces , 120 vertices and 180 edges -- more than any other nonprismatic uniform polyhedron .
0	square or quadrate rods were the first rods leonard made because his belief was that these performed much better but he eventually started making 6 strip or hexagonal rods because of commercial reasons .
18	in mathematics an automorphic number ( sometimes referred to as a circular number ) is a number whose square '' ends '' in the same digits as the number itself .
38	net in geometry , the tesseract , also called an 8-cell or regular octachoron or cubic prism , is the four-dimensional analog of the cube ; the tesseract is to the cube as the cube is to the square .
11	global popularity of video game music would begin to surge with square 's 1990s successes , particularly with final fantasy vi , final fantasy vii and final fantasy viii by nobuo uematsu and with chrono trigger , xenogears and chrono cross by yasunori mitsuda .
3	thus , a square and a circle are homeomorphic to each other , but a sphere and a torus are not .
2	inscribe a square in it .
13	thébault 's problem i given any parallelogram , construct on its sides four square external to the parallelogram .
7	soule sent the tape to lucasarts and square .
20	example consider g = -lcb- 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10 -rcb- , and m = -lcb- composite , even , odd , prime , square -rcb- .
12	the area of a regular octagon can be computed as a truncated square .
12	the only number which has 12 as its aliquot sum is the square 121 .
13	in the ratio between length and height , the great dane should be square .
12	is a 3d fighting game developed by light weight and published by square and sony for the playstation .
1	a square has even multiplicity for all prime factors ( it is of the form a 2 for some a ) .
2	in the square videogame chrono trigger , there is a gashadokuro boss called '' zombor '' .
15	for example , monsky 's theorem states that there is no odd equidissection of a square .
15	the hexadecagonal prism and the octagonal antiprism are uniform polyhedra , with regular bases and square or equilateral triangular sides .
9	is a science fiction role-playing video game developed by square for various japanese computers , including the nec pc-8801 , pc-9801 , and sharp x1 .
6	it is usually a rectangular or square piece of cloth , that is often folded to make a triangle but can also be triangular in shape .
20	in 1944 , luis roche ordered - with permission of the government - the construction of many avenues and the square .
16	a part of that definition may be singled out ( using parentheses here ) : a square : ( a quadrilateral that has interior angles which are all right angles ) , and that has bounding sides which all have the same length .
3	in 1986 , square released the science fiction adventure game suishō no dragon for the nes console .
31	while comparable to the light-dark world setting of , dragon quest vi featured a unique real world and dream world setting , which he suggests had an influence on the later square role-playing games chrono cross and final fantasy x .
11	a four-sided plane figure is a quadrilateral ( quadrangle ) or square , sometimes also called a tetragon .
4	a trigonal trapezohedron with square faces is a cube .
6	it contains 20 triangle , 30 square and 12 pentagon .
8	the hypercube is prismatic ( product of two square , or of a cube and line segment ) , but is considered separately because it has symmetries other than those inherited from its factors .
1	a square in front of the smolny convent has borne rastrelli 's name since 1923 .
5	the symmetry group of a square belongs to the family of dihedral group , d n ( abstract group type dih n ) , including as many reflections as rotations .
37	the 3-d battles of worldrunner ( shortened to 3-d worldrunner on the north american box art ) , originally released in japan as , is a 1987 third-person rail shooter platform video game developed and published by square for the family computer disk system and published by acclaim for the nintendo entertainment system itself .
8	the body contains the tracks , is a square size 33x33 , and rotates at a speed of 5 degree per turn .
38	there were numerous reasons why tatra designers took such a revolutionary approach to the conception of the new car : first of all it was the aim to reduce drag , mostly air-drag , which increases with the square of speed .
21	digicube co. , ltd. ( 株式会社デジキューブ ; kabushiki-gaisha dejikyūbu ) was a japan company established as a subsidiary of software developer square on february 6 , 1996 and headquartered in tokyo , japan .
13	another way to express the same problem is to ask for the largest square that lies within a unit cube .
7	architecture the castle was built as a square with sides of 30 metre length inside which was a tall main tower , the principal living accommodation , and angle towers , arranged around an inner courtyard .
29	two characters named '' biggs and wedge '' ( where '' biggs '' is a reference to rogue squadron member biggs darklighter ) appear frequently in rpgs made by square .
39	there are two possible values for k , namely 1 and 2 , and so two possible apex angles , namely : according to the pdn-theorem the quadrilateral a 2 is a regular 4-gon , that is , a square .
13	he had the primary role in the north america production and localization of square 's role-playing video game during the snes era between 1991 and 1996 .
1	many square titles continued to use sequenced music , such as final fantasy 7 , legend of mana , and final fantasy tactics .
22	career minagawa had worked at quest corporation alongside his colleagues yasumi matsuno and akihiko yoshida before they all decided to switch to square in 1995 .
3	thus , a square and a circle are homeomorphic to each other , but a sphere and a donut are not .
58	street type designations include : major roads highway freeway autoroute autobahn expressway autostrasse autostrada byway auto-estrada motorway pike avenue boulevard road street small roads alley bay bend drive fairway gardens gate grove heights highland knoll lane manor mews pathway terrace trail vale view walk way wynd culs-de-sac close court place cove named for their shape circle crescent quadrant square loop diagonal named for geographical attributes hill grade causeway canyon ridge parkway named for their function esplanade approach frontage road parade park plaza promenade quay bypass stravenue numbering some major roads , particularly motorway and freeway , are given road numbers rather than , or in addition to , names .
13	he learned to play several instruments at a young age , and joined square directly out of college as a composer in 1990 at the advice of a professor .
36	in the ancient era , it was one of the most important cities of the paeligni and is known for being the native town of ovid , of whom there is a bronze statue in the square known as piazza xx settembre located on the town 's main road also under his name .
6	there are one triangle , two square , and one hexagon on each vertex .
29	the 369 free octominoes an octomino ( or 8-omino ) is a polyomino of order 8 , that is , a polygon in the plane made of 8 equal-sized square connected edge-to-edge .
21	distances shorter than 1 µm ~ 0.7 -- 300 µm -- wavelength of infrared radiation 1 µm -- the side of square of area m² 1 µm -- edge of cube of volume m³ ( one fl .
18	on a board of size n m , each player begins with m pawn , one for each square in the row closest to them .
12	ted woolsey , who helped script the story , formerly worked at square in washington as a translator .
35	congruence tests look for all pairs of corresponding sides to be equal in length , though except in the case of the triangle this is not sufficient to establish congruence ( as exemplified by a square and a rhombus that have the same side length ) .
13	the series began in 1987 as an eponymous role-playing video game developed by square , spawning a video game series that became the central focus of the franchise .
54	more sophisticated techniques ( known as ` multifractal ' techniques ) use different fractal dimensions for different scales , and thus can better model the frequency spectrum behavior of real landscapes generation of fractal landscapes a way to make such a landscape is to employ the random midpoint displacement algorithm , in which a square is subdivided into four smaller equal squares and the center point is vertically offset by some random amount .
22	1.0 mm -- 1/1000 of a metre 1.0 mm -- 0.03937 inch or 5/127 ( exactly ) 1.0 mm -- side of square of area 1 mm² 1.0 mm -- diameter of a pinhead 1.5 mm -- length of average flea 2.54 mm -- distance between pins on old dip ( dual-inline-package ) electronic components 5 mm -- length of average red ant 5.56 x 45 mm nato -- standard ammunition size 7.62 x 51 mm nato -- common military ammunition size 1 centimeter lengths between 10 − 2 m and 10 − 1 m ( 1 cm and 10 cm ) .
6	breaking from the format established by square of displaying the damage incurred by characters above their heads , this information is summarised in a text display at the bottom of the screen similar to dragon quest games from enix .
2	svg penrose square image : penrose pentagon .
27	other buildings include a storage building ( 1895 ) , an oil house ( 1906 ) , a boathouse , and a hand-operated fog bell in a square pyramidal tower ( automated subsequently ) .
36	the five different zener cards are : a hollow circle ( one curve ) , a greek cross ( two lines ) , three vertical wavy lines ( or '' waves '' ) , a hollow square ( four lines ) , and a hollow five-pointed star .
13	in geometry , a hypercube is an n - dimensional analog of a square ( n = 2 ) and a cube ( n = 3 ) .
11	another example of an omake in popular culture is related to square 's final fantasy ix .
4	after the merger between square and enix in 2003 , many rookie staff members had to be trained and there were more new platforms to develop for with the release of the nintendo ds and playstation portable .
23	monument dedicated to the heroes of the battles of independence of bahia from portugal ( july 2 , 1823 ) , campo grande square .
12	in 1998 , while still working for capcom , mizuta applied to square as a composer in response to an advertisement and was hired .
3	there are one square , one decagon , and one dodecagon on each vertex .