9	animals animals at the zoo include mandarin duck , crane , red panda , chimpanzee , hamadryas baboon , reptile , lion , tiger , tanuki ( raccoon dogs ) , badger , pheasant , love bird , zebra , giraffe , flamingo , camel , ruffed lemur , white-mantled black colobus , black-capped capuchin , swan , duck , kagu , penguin , wallaby , deer , eagle , owl , condor , bear , and tokyo bitterling .
52	some are straight with a '' joint '' ( sandblasted top part of stem , usually about 1 inch long , and all the way around , tapered or cone shaped , so the tapered , or '' cone shaped '' bowl will fit in ) some are bent to resemble a crane .
4	bird species include the crane , which has only recently started to breed in the area , bittern , little grebe , red-necked grebe , teal , snipe and curlew .
5	the logo is a white crane on a red vertical tail fin .
20	while it contains some inaccurate or mythological articles ( for example , the articles on the horseshoe crab and the crane ) , it also distinguished itself from the common '' everyday encyclopedias '' ( riyong leishu 日用類書 ) at that time by being accurate in some other articles ( for example , accurate depictions of the japanese and korean people 's clothing , and a very accurate world map ( the shanhai yudi quantu ) .
15	origin of name the place name cranbrook derives from old english cran broc , meaning crane marsh , marshy ground frequented by cranes ( although more probably herons ) .
16	carden first appearance : '' blind leading the blind '' voice actor : gregory cooper a crane monster with no rinshi form .
7	; auspicious birds and beasts : mandarin crane ( '' tsuru '' ) and turtle with trailing tail of algae ( minogame ) represent longevity and good fortune .
0	crane provide a well-known example .
10	loon , grebes , pelican , hawk and eagle , crane , sandpiper , gull , parrots , and owls are among the families missing this feather .
119	types of operators ; broadcasting : technical operator , transmission controller or broadcast operator : network operations center ( noc ) operator master control ( mcr ) operator production control room ( pcr ) operator transmission control room ( tcr ) operator video tape operator ( vto ) certified television operator ( cto ) by society of broadcast engineers ( sbe ) certified radio operator ( cro ) operator - by ( sbe ) studio technical operator ( gallery operator ) : vision mixer operator - technical director ( td ) sound and comms ( talkback ) studio operator kc-135 boom operator camera operator jib ( camera ) operator boom operator dolly grip operator ; other : computer operator crane operator radio operator satellite controller switchboard operator winch operator nuclear power plant operator gallery image : hg winch operator .
24	one of the most common types on modern railways are container trains , where containers can be lifted on and off the train by crane and loaded off or onto truck or ship .
13	in horizontal vertical and transport great progress resulted from the invention of the crane , the winch , the wheelbarrow and the odometer .
3	the scaffold and crane - like structures represented by many constructivist architects are used for the finished forms of his designs and buildings .
8	grapple , the architect , transforms into a crane ; hoist , who serves in maintenance , transforms into a toyota hi-lux 4wd tow truck model ; inferno , who serves in search and rescue , transforms into a fire engine ; red alert , the security director , transforms into a fire chief 's lamborghini countach ; skids , the theoretician , transforms into a honda city turbo ; smokescreen , the diversionary tactician , transforms into a 1979 custom datsun 280zx ; and tracks , a warrior , transforms into a 1980 chevrolet corvette .
8	the company is concentrated on product high quality crane .
13	they produced the range of nck agricultural equipment , skimmers , excavator , crane and dragline that were renowned for high quality and long life , typically over 20 years .
49	in prefabricated construction , only the foundations are constructed in this way , while sections of wall , floors and roof are prefabricated ( assembled ) in a factory ( possibly with window and door frames included ) , transported to the site , lifted into place by a crane and bolted together .
14	buffalo ) : the bpz3 armoured recovery vehicle includes both a bulldozer and a crane with integral winch , allowing it to approach damaged vehicles , even over rough and fought-over terrain , and tow them to safety .
3	a 10-ton overhead crane straddled the track .