10	observing the fossils , notharctus tenebrosus had long hindlimb , trunk , and tail .
6	development section of a developing vertebrate trunk showing the dorsolateral ( red ) and ventromedial ( blue ) routes of chromatoblast migration during vertebrate embryonic development , chromatophores are one of a number of cell types generated in the neural crest , a paired strip of cells arising at the margins of the neural tube .
41	qing he et al . of the obesity research center at columbia university did a study on '' fat distribution '' of 358 prepubertal children and the study said that asians had less gynoid fat than african american and more relative trunk fat than caucasians , but less relative extremity fat than caucasians .
20	function the serratus posterior inferior draws the lower ribs backward and downward to assist in rotation and extension of the trunk .
9	during forced expiration for speech , muscles of the trunk and abdomen reduce the size of the thoracic cavity by compressing the abdomen or pulling the rib cage down forcing air out of the lungs .
13	some have speculated that the muscle attachments were for a proboscis , or trunk , much like that of a tapir or elephant .
21	'' function the major function of the gluteus maximus is to extend the flexed thigh and bring it inline with the trunk .
4	most occur on the trunk , thigh , and forearm , although they may be found anywhere in the body where fat is located .
8	png surface projections of the organs of the trunk , with transpyloric plane labeled at l1 image : gray1034 .
12	digitales volares propriæ ; collateral digital arteries ) the arteries of the trunk the descending aorta the thoracic aorta ( ) thoracic aorta thoracic aorta : peculiarities of : branches of the thoracic aorta visceral pericardial branches ( rami pericardiaci ) bronchial arteries ( aa .
18	png the vertebrae may be used as vertical reference points for the locations of the organs of the trunk , taken from the middle of the vertebral body .
7	līc : ' body ' , ' trunk ' .
1	the trunk is longer than in other prosimians because they have 15 -- 16 thoracic vertebrae , compared to 12 -- 14 in other prosimians .
15	scoring the scale comprises three categories : five general facets four lower extremity facets seven trunk , head and upper extremity facets each item has a score range from 0 ( good function ) to 3 ( poor function ) .
17	fossils of pterichtyodes showing eyes positioned on the direct of the head and a '' ventrally flattened trunk shield '' suggest that it was a '' bottom dweller '' , living at the bottom of lakes , where it might have crawled using its pectoral appendages .
29	dunnigan-type familial partial lipodystrophy , abbreviated as ( fpld ) , is a rare monogenic form of insulin resistance characterized by loss of subcutaneous fat from the extremities , trunk , and gluteal region .
9	the anterior rami supply the antero-lateral parts of the trunk and the limbs .
27	it has a distinctive appearance which is alluded to in its name ; the long white fringes of hair the run along each side of its black trunk are known as a mantle .
13	it is similar to other rough sharks in having a stout , high trunk , a dorsally depressed head , and two sail-like dorsal fin with deeply embedded spines .
12	their arms and legs are nearly equal in length , and their trunk is long , allowing them to twist and extend to nearby branches .
11	the dance itself consists of quick rhythmic moves especially with the trunk or upper body .
68	spinal polio the location of motor neuron in the anterior horn cells of the spinal column spinal polio , the most common form of paralytic poliomyelitis , results from viral invasion of the motor neurons of the anterior horn cells , or the ventral ( front ) grey matter section in the spinal column , which are responsible for movement of the muscles , including those of the trunk , limbs , and the intercostal muscle .
20	anatomical focus lengthens the extensor muscles of the leg and the deep psoas muscles that connect the legs to the trunk .
25	the upper extremity , proximal extremity or superior epiphysis of the femur is the part of the femur closes to the pelvic bone and the trunk .
65	it is loosely connected by areolar tissue to the aponeurosis of the obliquus externus abdominis , but in the midline it is more intimately adherent to the linea alba and to the pubic symphysis , and is prolonged on to the dorsum of the penis , forming the fundiform ligament ; above , it is continuous with the superficial fascia over the rest of the trunk ; below and laterally , it blends with the fascia lata of the thigh a little below the inguinal ligament ; medially and below , it is continued over the penis and spermatic cord to the scrotum , where it helps to form the dartos .
32	they are often more bulky than slalom/polo vests , but are usually cut short at the front to allow the paddler to lean further forward despite the thicker foam and allow good trunk rotation for quick turns .
9	structure location surface projections of the organs of the trunk , showing kidneys at the level of t12 to l2 .
14	this gives the prosector , a pathologist or assistant , maximum exposure to the trunk .
28	keratoderma blennorrhagicum ( also called keratoderma blennorrhagica ) are skin lesions commonly found on the palms and soles but which may spread to the scrotum , scalp and trunk .
7	prosthetics for children without substantial hip and trunk control is usually abandoned in favor of faster and easier wheelchair mobility as the child 's weight and age increases .
8	the scientists discovered a large cavity in the trunk of the tree , measuring in height by in diameter .
37	description coconut flowers plant cocos nucifera is a large palm , growing up to tall , with pinnate leaves long , and pinnae 60 -- 90 cm long ; old leaves break away cleanly , leaving the trunk smooth .
2	nyssa aquatica trunk have a swollen base that tapers up to a long , clear bole , and its root system is periodically under water .
20	in trees , heart rot is a fungal disease that causes the decay of wood at the center of the trunk and branch .
9	epicormic buds under the often thick bark of the trunk and branch are ready to sprout new stem and leaves after a fire .
8	the compost pile is embedded on the tree trunk or banana stalks , with a pale erected in the middle .
4	while grapevines have woody trunk , the weight of a vine 's leafy canopy and grape clusters will often bring the vine 's cordon or '' arms '' down towards the ground unless it receives some form of support .
18	such plants usually grow into fairly erect shrubs ; and sometimes the main stem thickens to become a trunk , resulting in a small tree .
21	whatever the case , the support must be very sturdy , because mature wisteria can become immensely strong with heavy wrist-thick trunk and stem .
1	the trunk is covered with fibrous matting .
15	the jumping cholla is an arborescent ( tree - like ) plant with one low-branching trunk .
1	its trunk is short and quickly divides up into ramification .
3	tokyo preferred big trunk out of proportion and did not approve of kyoto 's finely designed slender trunks .
9	description mature shumard oak typically reach heights of , trunk diameter is typically , and crown width typically reaches in width .
8	the branch droop from a single , central trunk as the tree matures and is often pruned in human agriculture to optimize tree density and ease of fruit harvest .
8	it generally has a short , often twisted trunk and spreading branch .
1	the trunk is used as a source of resin .
10	the talipariti elatum tree is quite attractive with its straight trunk , broad green leaves and hibiscus - like flower .
11	tree the phulwara is a medium-size deciduous tree with a straight trunk .
1	the trunk diameter above the buttress root is .
34	measuring diameter to measure the diameter of a tree , the diameter tape ( diameter side facing user ) is wrapped around the tree , in the plane perpendicular to the axis of the trunk at above ground .
3	its unusual square-looking trunk spared it from felling when most of the large kauri trees in the area were logged during the late 19th century .
18	it is usually found as a shrub or a small tree about 1 m tall with a straight trunk and pyramidal crown , which branches from the base .
21	its leaves are different from the leaves of true palms , and unlike true palms it does not develop a woody trunk .
37	the leaf bases of some pinnate leaved palms ( most notable being roystonea regia or the royal palm but also including the families areca , wodyetia and pinanga ) form a sheath at the top of the trunk surrounding the bud where all the subsequent leaves are formed .
23	the young plant grows straight upwards and has the form of a narrow cone with branches going out along the length of the trunk .
21	after waiting out the winter months , the nourishment they had received from the nquƭ prior to their overwintering increased their trunk growth .
13	description the trees typically reach 40 meters in height and 1.8 meters in trunk diameter .
7	the tree usually forms a single upright trunk with lateral branches .
30	it is a small to medium sized deciduous tree , growing to 10 -- 15 m ( rarely to 18 m ) tall often with multiple stem and/or low branching trunk .
35	the , '' out of time '' , reveals in a flashback that eric had , in the past , discovered a bmw that had been dumped in the everglades with a body in the trunk and called detective caine .
43	despite lee eun-ju 's prior experience with depicting sex and nudity in virgin stripped bare by her bachelors ( 2000 ) , she came under the scrutiny of korean press and netizen , for the highly emotional sex scenes and the notorious '' trunk scene '' in the scarlet letter which is regarded as '' one of the most shocking and intense scenes in the history of korean film .
22	the x-coupe was a crossover coupe , it featured an aluminium body , a 3.0 litre turbo - diesel engine , a trunk opening downwards , two opening conventional doors that swing outward and large tire and large rims .
8	the gas flap was built so that the trunk could be added to the total cargo area of the delorean .
9	the corpse was found that same day in the trunk of a red renault 4 in via michelangelo caetani in the historic center of rome .
24	the term is also applied to the smaller stamped panels that form the floors inside a vehicle as well as the bottom of the trunk .
30	the lack of cargo space in the prowler was universally lamented , so the howler addressed this by elongating and squaring off the back end , creating a moderate sized trunk .
22	the sl opened up the apollo range with remote exterior mirrors , intermittent windscreen wipers , heated rear screen demister , remote trunk release for sedans and fuel filler door , a two-speaker radio cassette player and tinted side and rear glass .
27	the robinsons claimed that a product defect in the car led to the injuries they sustained specifically , the audi 's gas tank was located beneath the trunk , in an area that the robinsons claimed was susceptible to being punctured and igniting in a rear-end collision .
18	this major re-design saw the addition of an external decklid ( previous models only allowed access to the trunk through the rear seat back ) and vent windows .
12	currently the vehicle lacks features such as a storage compartment ( i.e. trunk or glove compartment ) , and the protection against bad weather is inadequate .
8	after his arrest , police discovered in the trunk of kraft 's vehicle a coded list depicting cryptic references to his victims , leading kraft to becoming known as the scorecard killer in addition to the freeway killer .
6	many cars have lights in the trunk ( or boot ) , the engine compartment , and the glovebox and other storage compartments .
15	after brooks picked up his accomplice woody loudres , they put the mechanic in the trunk of the car and brooks and loudres drove to a motel .
7	other criticisms include the lack of a trunk , rear window , spare tire and radio , and the way the car 's engine was limited or '' drugged '' .
50	process a complete restoration includes not only repair of the parts that can be seen -- the body , trim , chrome , wheels , and the passenger compartment -- but also the components that are not necessarily visible or otherwise evident , including the engine and engine compartment , trunk , frame , driveline , and all ancillary parts like the brakes , accessories , engine cooling system , electrical system , etc. repairs are made to correct obvious problems , as well as for cosmetic reasons .
17	reflections modelled every part of the car separately ( tire , car door , car light , trunk , etc. ) and then they 've combined it all together into a single vehicle .
16	fuel supply was via a single weber adf twin - choke carburettor , fed from a trunk mounted steel fuel tank .
37	the other changes were minor ( e.g. a slight modification to the extruded aluminum grille , a front sway bar made standard on six-cylinder models , and an optional black vinyl roof cover that continued over the trunk opening ) .
21	in the uncensored version , stan is shown drinking at the wheel of the car before showing dido struggling in the trunk of the car .
3	instead of a trunk at the back of the car , the terranaut features an air lock drawer , which allows easy and safe access to clinical samples placed in the air lock drawer by someone on the outside by a lab analyst still inside the car .
15	on front-engined saloon/sedans , measuring rear overhang is helpful in predicting the size of the trunk .
11	many vehicles also display their vehicle number on their roof or trunk ( boot ) lid , to be identifiable from the air .
16	a continental tire is an upright , external , mounted spare tire behind an automobile 's trunk compartment .
26	while other manufacturers in america at the time offered a/c on some models , their air conditioning units were driven by a large and heavy , trunk mounted expander and heat exchanger that carried the air into the car via clear plastic tubes and out through ceiling mounted vents .
7	oak finds police issue guns in the trunk of one man 's car , including one that belonged to calvess , and he beats both men until tellis tells him to get csi tools from the car .
18	the same architecture is applied at the rear , with a deep bumper , a clamshell - shaped trunk lid that envelops over the flanks , dual exhaust pipes and tail lamps .
50	) in most vehicles , the glove compartment closes with a latch , with the option of being locked with a key ( often desirable when using valet service , or when parking while the convertible top is down , or when the compartment contains a mechanism to open the trunk ) .
18	the drug officer walked his drug-sniffing dog around caballes ' car , and the dog alerted at the trunk .
22	a bomb that was visible on the backseat of the car had been defused , but when a police officer opened the trunk of the alfa romeo , a second bomb exploded .