11	a shooting spree ensues and the gang realizes rod is a mole , forcing him to drive away at gunpoint .
19	penetration by the kgb these successes were marred , however , by the penetration of asio by a kgb mole in the 1970s .
5	ars technica claimed via a mole , that the unit would be a '' keytar '' , and that the game would include pro mode .
3	generally a 2-10 mole % of this catalyst is used along with borane-tetrahydrofuran ( thf ) , borane-dimethylsulfide , borane - -diethylaniline , or diborane as the borane source .
23	one of the most significant deep eutectic phenomenon was observed for a mixture of choline chloride and urea in a 1 : 2 mole ratio , respectively .
16	moving wire irms is quite sensitive , and samples containing as little as 1 nano - mole of carbon can yield precise ( within 1 ‰ ) results .
7	food such as cake , chicken with mole , hot chocolate , coffee , and atole are served .
4	as an ingredient in mole dishes , they are known in spanish as pipián .
19	the ground cocoa is also an important ingredient in tejate and a number of savory foods , such as mole .
14	zizrar ( voiced by scott mcneil ) - zizrar is the king of the mole people who lives underground and often attempts to take over the world only to fail due to his intense aversion to light .
31	to make puddle , clay or heavy loam is chopped with a spade and mixed into a plastic state with water and sometimes coarse sand or grit to discourage excavation by mole or water vole .
9	he listed several species of the family talpidae ( mole and related species ) from vieux collonges , including '' espèce c '' ( '' species c '' ) , which he named as a new genus and species , veratalpa lugdunensiana , in a footnote .
14	the place was defended by two batteries mounting three heavy guns each on the mole , a tower with one gun and a battery with two guns .
18	this area , called the '' rock creek basin '' by the canal company , which included a mole , causeway , and waste weir was completed in 1831 .
41	the inner harbor was begun in 1518 by khair-ad-din barbarossa ( see history , below ) , who , to accommodated his pirate vessels , caused the island on which was fort penon to be connected with the mainland by a mole .