28	vampire numbers and other mathematical highlights in mathematics , a vampire number or true vampire number is a composite natural number v , with an even number of digit n , that can be factored into two integers x and y each with n / 2 digits and not both with trailing zeroes , where v contains all the digits from x and from y , in any order .
14	representation introduction a rational number is represented in quote notation as a sequence of digit with a quote mark and radix point .
2	in gangrenous digit , amputation is frequently required .
9	acral fibrokeratoma ( also known as an '' acquired digit fibrokeratoma , '' and '' acquired periungual fibrokeratoma '' ) is characterized by a pinkish , hyperkeratotic , hornlike projection occurring on a finger , toe , or palm .
7	analogous to a bit , a ternary digit is a trit ( tr inary dig it ) .
9	modern electronic calculators contain a keyboard with buttons for digit and arithmetical operations .
7	many maintain that it is easier for digit to be reduced or lost during evolution than the reverse , however there is no evidence for this .
42	the polydactyly in these largely aquatic animal is not to be confused with polydactyly in the medical sense , i.e. it was not an anomaly in the sense it was not a congenital condition of having more than the typical number of digit for a given taxon .
25	their mechanical design was very unusual in that their result dials ( sums , differences , and products ) moved at speeds proportional to the digit in the corresponding column of the keyboard .
25	multiple-instance learning was originally proposed under this name by , but earlier examples of similar research exist , for instance in the work on handwritten digit recognition by .
34	questions that are frequently asked in this exam are fraction , subtraction , multiplication , division , addition , area and volume , mass , perimeter , decimal points , average , data , digit number , percent , money , time , date and .
4	a dewclaw is a digit -- vestigial in some animals -- on the foot of many mammal , bird , and reptile ( including some extinct orders , like certain theropod ) .
7	the four-toed jerboa hind-limbs have an extra digit compared to other jerboas in the allactaga genus .
24	identification the term license plate is the official term used by the iata , the airlines , and the airports for the 10 - digit numeric code on a bag tag issued by a carrier or handling agent at check-in .
10	similarly , telephone numbers are routinely expected to include the digit and possibly the characters + , - , ( , and ) ( plus , minus , and parentheses ) .
10	vulgar fraction with 3 in the denominator have a single digit repeating sequences in their decimal expansions , ( .000 ... , .333 ... , .666 ... ) a natural number is divisible by three if the sum of its digits in base 10 is divisible by 3 .
5	a bit is a binary digit that represents one of two states .
32	in mathematics , trailing zeros are a sequence of 0 in the decimal representation ( or more generally , in any positional representation ) of a number , after which no other digit follow .