7	zeta bosio - keyboards , percussion , bass on '' amor amarillo '' and producer .
3	he is the bass singer .
11	it is one of very few beatles songs that lacks a bass track .
21	production credits producer : mike vernon musician : david bowie : vocals , guitar derek boyes : organ dek fearnley : bass john eager : drum release history other releases '' london boys '' was re-released by decca in france in may 1975 and at the same time in the uk with '' love you till tuesday '' as the b-side .
0	bass player dave bronze had already been recruited by the band , and when they were looking for an extra guitarist , dave recruited jerry .
17	band line-up justin schlosberg -- vocals william mcgonagle -- guitar tom o'donoghue -- guitar james findlay -- bass joe birch -- drums history early days will mcgonagle and joe birch were two members of the former british band symposium .
26	personnel musicians : trent gardner - lead vocals , keyboards , backing vocals wayne gardner - electric and acoustic guitars , vocals hal stringfellow imbrie - bass , vocals doane perry -- drums on '' waterfront weirdos '' at narnia oaks studio , woodland hills , ca .
20	the album again features core members ron jarzombek on guitar , bobby jarzombek on drums , and pete perez on bass alongside a plethora of guest musicians .
12	when meisner quit the band in 1970 , schmit replaced him on bass and lead vocals .
11	retired usmc colonel entertainment bobby blotzer drummer for ratt juan croucier bass player for ratt and dokken .
39	track listing personnel maddy prior - vocals june tabor - vocals martin carthy - guitar nic jones - fiddle tony hall - melodeon andy irvine - mandolin johnny moynihan - bouzouki gabriel mckeon - uillean pipes danny thompson - bass john gillaspie brian golbey critical reviews this album has been widely regarded as the best english acoustic traditional folk album of the 1970s .
18	the song progresses to include an increasingly complex guitar solo backed by string synthesizer , followed closely by bass and drum fills .
22	track listing all tracks by lizzy borden except were noted personnel lizzy borden - vocals alex nelson - guitar marten andersson - bass joey scott - drums additional personnel elliott solomon played all keyboards .
31	nico assumpção ( antônio álvaro assumpção neto ) ( august 13 , 1954 in são paulo , brazil january 20 , 2001 in rio de janeiro ) , was a brazil bass player .
19	personnel ; parkway drive winston mccall - vocals jeff ling - guitar luke kilpatrick - guitar shaun cash - bass ben gordon - drums ; production adam dutkiewicz -- record producer and mixing album tom baker - mastering reception since its release , killing with a smile has received mixed to positive reviews .
26	vocalist adam glynn came from melbourne band frankenbok , marc whitworth had played drums for gold coast band tension and cameron macdonald and mark holain played bass and guitar in extra virgin .
25	'' an early music video of brandow from this period displays his guitar work and showmanship , available at brandow learned to play guitar , bass , drums and keyboards .
29	members the original group consisted of harry douglas ( baritone ) , vernon gardner ( first tenor ) , george lawson ( second tenor ) and edward ware ( bass ) .
6	he went on to play the bass part of caiphas , plus the screaming tenor of pilate .
2	ninj : bass and drums , keyboard .
32	history the band 's four members , andreas mattsson ( vocals , guitar ) , fredrik norberg ( guitar , vocals ) , pa wikander ( drums ) and kenneth wikstrom ( bass ) , later replaced by arvid lind , formed the band in stockholm in 1991 and released their first mini-album template ( 1992 ) on skellefteå label a west side fabrication .
12	the other two members of the original line-up were mišo hrnjak ( bass ) and boris leiner ( drum ) .
14	the band was formed in may 1988 by dominic stones drum , denise roughan bass , keyboards , tambourine , vocals david saunders guitar , vocals the band 's name referred to the members names all starting with '' d '' .
20	harold simon '' harry '' miller ( 25 april 1941 - 16 december 1983 ) was a south africa jazz bass player , who settled in europe , becoming one of the uk jazz scene 's '' most vibrant and dynamic talents '' .
14	the band is vla doom ( vocals and guitar ) , klim end ( bass ) , mic hail ( drums ) , bo betz ( laptop , machines and keyboards ) and d echo ( guitar and vocals ) .
16	in may 1973 , the british music magazine , nme , reported that pappalardi was playing bass on , and producing former stone the crows singer , maggie bell 's debut solo album , queen of the night .
12	one of the multi-instrumentalists in the band , pierson played guitar , bass and various keyboard instruments .
22	members sara delight acker -- lead vocals marcus acker -- lead guitar , backing vocals charlie harper -- drums justin bassett -- bass discography albums 2003 : innerview -- independent released 2005 : the revolution -- fervent records 2008 : love -- 7spin music 2010 : inhabited unplugged - acoustic album 2010 : love 2 - unreleased songs for the album love games rescue me was featured on guitar praise .
17	jan ladislav rubeš cm ( 6 june 1920 29 june 2009 ) was a czech - canadian bass opera singer and actor .
7	he studied music , first playing the bass before moving to the saxophone , flute , and percussion .
22	personnel george harrison -- vocals , dobro , backing vocals gary wright -- electric piano nicky hopkins -- piano klaus voormann -- bass jim keltner -- drums notes citations sources dale c. allison jr. , the love there that 's sleeping : the art and spirituality of george harrison , continuum ( new york , ny , 2006 ; isbn 978-0-8264-1917-0 ) .
6	personnel paul mccartney double-tracked vocal , bass john lennon harmony vocal , rhythm guitar george harrison harmony vocal , twelve-string lead guitar ringo starr drums george martin piano cover versions the song was covered by 1960s pittsburgh garage band the fantastic dee jays .
17	lindell started playing in northern california bar , first with the guitar , and later moving to bass , while working as a baker during the day to make ends meet .
15	it is composed of noel campillo ( guitar and vocals ) , felix muñiz ( bass and vocals ) and sergi monroy ( drums ) .
35	post-breakup ( 1996 -- 2011 ) in may 2006 , singer dan clements joined forces with original suicidal tendencies members grant estes ( guitar ) , amery smith ( drums ) and louiche mayorga ( bass ) and the former no mercy kevin guercio ( vocals ) to form the band against to record two tracks for a new split album called welcome 2 venice .
23	like most of donovan 's live performances , there is sparse instrumentation accompanying donovan 's vocals , including flute , acoustic guitar , bass .
12	the album returned to the trio format , featuring jared reynolds on bass and lindsay jamieson on drums .
4	band members matatabi - bass , vocals , leader , lyrics , composer kuroneko - vocals , lyrics maneki - guitar , backing vocals karukan - guitar support members dobashi makoto - drums , percussion abe masahiro - keyboards former members atsushi '' tora '' kawatsuka - drums , percussion ( 1999 -- 2009 ) stage names each of the band member 's stage names feature a double entendre with a sense of humor and make references to cat .
53	while the temptations have frequently changed their lineup , the group has always employed a person for each of the following roles : main lead singer ( e.g. , david ruffin ) secondary lead singer ( e.g. , paul williams ) first tenor / falsetto lead singer ( e.g. , eddie kendricks ) bass lead singer ( e.g. , melvin franklin ) background second tenor/baritone w / occasional lead ( since 1961 otis williams has always held and continues to hold this role ) during their live performances , the falsetto and secondary leads have always been as predominant on stage as the group 's official main lead/front man .
44	bach first performed the cantata on 22 december 1715 in the ducal chapel , scoring and structure as in several other cantatas on words of franck , the cantata is scored for a small ensemble , here soprano , alto , tenor , and bass , two oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
11	roles hrabina ( the countess ) - soprano the chorąży - bass bronia , his granddaughter - soprano kazimierz - tenor the podczaszyc - baritone dzidzi , his nephew - tenor panna ewa ( miss ewa ) , hrabina 's friend - soprano plot place : warsaw , poland and a village in the polish countryside time : early 19th century act i warsaw .
32	with a hiatus of the band , he joined as singer , guitarist and drummer for the french rock and rap formation crew z. florian dubos - guitar / backing vocals / bass florian '' flo '' dubos born 26 march 1980 and younger brother of fabien dubos .
35	a music video for a song from the new album , '' in remission '' , was released on february 18 , 2014 members greg barnett - guitar/vocals tom may - guitar/vocals eric keen - bass joe godino - drums discography albums a lesson in the abuse of information technology ( 2007 ) chamberlain waits ( 2010 ) on the impossible past ( 2012 ) rented world ( 2014 ) eps and singles hold on , dodge !
14	track listing personnel matthew fisher - church organ on repent walpurgis dave bronze - bass mark brzezicki - drums robin trower - guitar on repent walpurgis geoff whitehorn - guitar andy fairweather low - guitar gary brooker - piano , accordion and harpsichord and vocals keith reid - lyrics also tom jones - vocals on simple sister jerry hadley - vocals on grand hotel james galway - flute on ` pandora 's box ' regardless of all the above named musicians , the predominant sound on the album is the orchestra .
19	band members tom farmer ( born thomas laurence farmer , 2 march 1952 , birmingham , england ) - bass , keyboards , vocals dave farmer ( born david anthony farmer , 2 march 1952 , birmingham , england ) - drum eddie golga ( born edward john gogla , 4 september 1951 , birmingham , england ) - guitar , keyboards alan jones ( born alan douglas jones , 5 january 1950 , birmingham , england ) - guitar , vocals later incarnations the band stopped performing live in 1977 but under the name liner recorded a studio album , liner , in 1979 .
29	members jocke lindström -- vocals ( ex-digression assassins ) stefan lagergren - guitar ( ex - treblinka , tiamat , expulsion ) staffan skoglund - guitar juck thullberg -- bass ( ex - treblinka , tiamat ) jonas ohlsson -- drums past members alex stjernfeldt - guitar 2007-2012 discography unearthing ( demo , march 26 , 2008 ) detached from life ( album , october 31 , 2009 ) death suits you ( ep , september 24 , 2010 ) descending through ashes ( album , september 25 , 2011 ) live live , mr. death is famous for their intense and energic shows .
38	by 1976 , the skyy lineup of the three dunning sisters as vocalists , roberts as the male vocalist / guitarist , anibal anthony sierra on guitars and keyboards , larry greenberg on keyboards , gerald lebon on bass , and tommy mcconnell on drums had solidified .
43	'' ruan ( solo piano ) '' - 3 : 42 recorded at avatar studio , new york city on november 9 , 1997 mark feldman -- violin marc ribot -- guitar erik friedlander -- cello min xiao-fen -- pipa greg cohen -- bass anthony coleman -- piano latin boys go to hell ( 1997 ) directed by ela troyano 12 .
26	raising the roof ( wcs 050 ) ; released in 2010 on whaling city sound ; featured zé eduardo nazario on drums , john lockwood on bass , and koichi sato on keyboards .
50	may flights of angels sing thee to thy rest '' ) ( ) is a musical composition by british composer john tavener with lyrics by mother thekla , an orthodox nun , which is intended to be sung a cappella by a four-part ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) choir .
3	ray brown -- bass ( except track 4 -- powell solo ) max roach -- drums ( except track 4 -- powell solo ) february 1950 , disc 1 , tracks 7-13 .
9	while typical rock instruments , such as guitar , bass , and drums , are dominant , a variety of instruments and sounds are used .
31	lard is a hardcore punk / industrial band founded in 1988 as a side project by jello biafra ( vocals ) , al jourgensen ( guitar ) , paul barker ( bass ) , and jeff ward ( drums ) .
59	hon. sir joseph porter , kcb , first lord of the admiralty ( comic baritone ) captain corcoran , commander of h.m.s. pinafore ( lyric baritone ) ralph rackstraw , able seaman ( tenor ) dick deadeye , able seaman ( bass-baritone ) bill bobstay , boatswain 's mate ( baritone ) bob becket , carpenter 's mate ( bass ) josephine , the captain 's daughter ( soprano ) cousin hebe , sir joseph 's first cousin ( mezzo-soprano ) mrs. cripps ( little buttercup ) , a portsmouth bumboat woman ( contralto ) chorus of first lord 's sisters , his cousins , his aunts , sailors , marines , etc. synopsis act i the british warship h.m.s. pinafore is at anchor off portsmouth .
8	secretly minnesotan personnel sean tollefson -- vocals , bass , keyboard jeff fell -- drum chris munford -- guitar , keyboard , backing vocals harold hollingsworth -- lead guitar jenny mears -- vocals , backing vocals kip beelman & chris munford -- recording , audio engineering corianton hale -- backing vocals taryn webber -- cello on '' fall 4 u '' and '' polaroids from mars '' jen abercrombie -- vocals on '' fall 4 u '' and '' building the robot '' roshan gurusinghe - recording assistant artwork corianton hale received a regional design award from print magazine for the design and layout of the disenchanted hearts unite album .
10	the core of the ensemble includes countertenor , tenor and bass singers , who perform either a-cappella or together with period instruments such as theorbo and harpsichord .
25	scoring and structure the cantata was scored for four vocalist soloists : diana , soprano i pales , soprano ii endymion , tenor pan , bass the instrumental parts comprised two horns , two recorders , two oboes , taille , bassoon , two violins , viola , cello , violone , and continuo .
12	john dodington ( born 3 july 1945 ) is a canadian opera bass .
33	aston barrett ( born aston francis barrett , 22 november 1946 in kingston , jamaica ) , often called '' family man '' or '' fams '' for short , is a jamaican bass player and rastafarian .
6	personnel paul mccartney double-tracked vocal , bass john lennon harmony vocal , acoustic rhythm guitar , harmonium ringo starr drums , tambourine george martin producer norman smith engineer macdonald was not sure whether or not harrison sang a harmony vocal part .
15	the word benga is occasionally used to refer to any kind of pop music : bass , guitar and percussion are the usual instruments .
12	composed of craig mercer on guitar and vocals , mike macdougall on bass , aaron collier on keyboards and effects , and nick wombolt on drums , the band has been most often described as rocktronica .
36	) the band also utilized an array of unique instrumentation , including the tin whistle , violin , mandolin , banjolin , bouzouki , melodeon , and hurdy-gurdy , in addition to the standard guitar , bass and drums .
5	a hanon for guitar and bass have also been written .
40	a 2006 promotion of the cd reissue on ebay by '' groovers paradise '' describes the album this way : '' this underground new york psychedelic project has a unique sound -- soulful vocals , fluid hammond organ , fuzzy bass , distorted lead guitars , lots of weird percussion instruments , augmented by unexpected stereo effects .
64	members ; current members andrew '' andy leo '' velasquez - lead vocals , ( 2010 -- present ) keyboards ( 2013 -- 2014 ) david escamilla - lead vocals , ( 2012 -- present ) live guitar ( 2014 -- present ) brandon hoover - rhythm guitar , backing vocals ( 2010 -- present ) hayden tree - lead guitar ( 2010-2011 ) bass ( 2011 -- present ) bennett '' benn suede '' vogelman - lead guitar , backing vocals ( 2011 -- present ) brent taddie - drums ( 2011 -- present ) ; other brendan barone ( formerly of pop rock band disco curtis ) : the 7th '' member '' of crown the empire .
19	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
48	track listing note : all tracks recorded june 1970 , except for † recorded march 1970 and ‡ recorded late 1969 personnel john fogerty -- lead guitar , lead vocals , piano , saxophone , harmonica , producer , arranger tom fogerty -- rhythm guitar stu cook -- bass doug clifford -- drums russ gary -- engineer bob fogerty -- cover art , design , photography popular culture in the film the big lebowski , jeffrey '' the dude '' lebowski has a cassette of the album in his car stereo .
42	notable singers to perform with russell 's san carlo opera company included soprano fély dereyne , alice nielsen , lillian nordica , and tarquinia tarquini ; tenor florencio constantino , riccardo martin , and umberto sacchetti ; contralto rosa olitzka ; and bass andrés de segurola .
19	nicolai moscona ( september 23 , 1907 - september 17 , 1975 ) was a greek - born operatic bass .
17	members current dana robertson - guitars and vocals marco rocca - guitar and vocals jamie oldfield - bass tom '' t-bone '' antle - drums former dave ?
54	in 2000 , hornsby chronicled this journey with a compilation live album entitled here come the noise makers , and did extensive touring with his new band featuring john '' j. t. '' thomas ( keyboards , organ ) , bobby read ( saxophone , woodwinds , flute ) , j. v. collier ( bass ) , doug derryberry ( guitar , mandolin ) , and several different drummers before sonny emory took over full-time .
24	nils mathisen ( born 24 january 1959 in sandefjord , norway ) is a norwegian jazz musician ( keyboards , violin , guitar and bass ) and composer , known from significant efforts within cabaret and musicals .
22	personnel john foxx -- vocals , rhythm machines ( mainly roland cr-78 ) , synthesizer -- additional synthesizers jake durant -- additional bass gareth jones -- engineer keyboards used on the album include the minimoog , arp odyssey , clavinet , piano , farfisa string synth , and hammond organ .
3	he switched to bass in 1932 , remaining with lunceford 's orchestra until 1942 .
34	lemmy was brought on board to play the kill master after schafer and his team had developed the character 's role in the story who assists eddie by healing his allies through a giant bass harp on the back of a chopper .
36	the band is composed of frank pino , jr. ( lead vocals ) , dave pino ( lead guitar and vocals ) , tony monaco ( rhythm guitar ) , david '' jones '' illsley ( bass and vocals ) and darryl grant ( drums and vocals ) .
14	here they recorded for the first time a bonus track with electric guitar and bass .
23	personnel ringo starr lead vocal , piano , drums , percussion george harrison backing vocal , lead guitar paul mccartney backing vocal , bass , piano john lennon rhythm guitar , backing vocals re-release the song was re-released in 2006 on the beatles album love , which contained remixes of classic beatles songs .
15	william '' billy '' cox ( born october 18 , 1941 ) is an american bass , best known for performing with jimi hendrix .
24	track listing personnel art pepper -- alto saxophone ; clarinet on '' sometime '' george cables -- piano tony dumas -- '' blitz '' bass billy higgins -- drums sources richard cook & brian morton .
35	track list personnel stewart brown guitar , vocals b.j . cole dobro , guitar , pedal steel , cello , steel guitar mick grabham organ , guitar , piano , keyboards , vocals rick wills bass , vocals john '' sly '' wilson percussion , drums , vocals hipgnosis photography , cover design john stewart engineer hugh fielder liner notes reception richie unterberger of allmusic wrote that cochise '' treads an uneasy line between eclectic diversity and a lack of direction '' and is '' distinguished just slightly by a more country-ish flavor than the norm ( early 1970s british rock ) , courtesy of cole 's pedal steel '' .
5	the fender bassman is a bass amplifier introduced by fender during 1952 .
6	it consists mainly of guitar , bass , keyboards and the use of various types of drum machine .
19	on january 23 , connor was accompanied by a quartet led by pianist john lewis with oscar pettiford on bass .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for four soloists , soprano , alto , tenor , and bass , a four-part choir , horn to play the cantus firmus with the soprano , oboe d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
34	charlap appears at least twice a year for lengthy runs at some of the world 's major jazz clubs , including the village vanguard with his rhythm section , consisting of peter washington ( bass ) and kenny washington ( drums ) .
25	personnel george harrison -- vocals , acoustic guitars , slide guitar , backing vocals nicky hopkins -- piano gary wright -- harmonium klaus voormann -- bass jim keltner -- drums citations sources dale c. allison jr. , the love there that 's sleeping : the art and spirituality of george harrison , continuum ( new york , ny , 2006 ; isbn 978-0-8264-1917-0 ) .
28	he was also the vocalist of bands advent call and p.o.t. the band was originally composed of nathan azarcon ( of rivermaya , bamboo and hijo ) on bass , j-hoon balbuena ( of kjwan ) on drums , ira cruz ( of passage , bamboo and hijo ) on rhythm guitar and the late chico molina on lead guitar .
53	types of operatic aria became known by a variety of terms according to their character -- e.g. aria parlante ( ` speaking-style ' , narrative in nature ) , aria di bravura ( typically given to a heroine ) , aria buffa ( aria of a comic type , typically given to a bass or bass-baritone ) , and so on .
12	line-up kenneth leer - vocals rick fiorio - drum jeff mackey - bass adam valk - guitar discography albums 5 o'clock orange ( 1996 mack-daddy records ) acid millennium ( 1997 mack-daddy records ) greatest hits vol .
10	arthur fear ( 1902 -- 1984 ) was a welsh bass and baritone opera singer .
8	'' buff '' mike nagiec joined to play bass in 1995 , and sean degan joined as second guitarist later on .
30	the chorus was directed by noted arranger and mathematician david wright ( now assistant director ) from 1981 to 1990 and has been directed since 2001 by jim henry , bass singer of the 1993 international quartet champion , the gas house gang , and the 2009 international quartet champion , crossroads .
13	luciano mariani ( 1801 -- 10 june 1859 ) was an italian operatic bass .
63	personnel tonny tun tun , wisin & yandel , héctor el father , zion , daddy yankee -- lead vocals tonny tun tun and wisin -- back vocals gabriel cruz -- lyrics and composer francisco saldaña , victor cabrera , marco masis , aaron pena , anthony cotto -- production francisco saldaña -- flute victor cabrera -- accordion marco masis -- guitar and bass ( only video version ) aaron pena and anthony cotto -- electric keyboard lyrics noche de entierro is a love song , who talks about a man who does n't want to be with his girlfriend anymore , because she apparently prefers to be in love with another man .
27	the original lineup for the band included prem panicker on the drums , grant umeda on the guitar and piano , sameer sharma on the guitar and bass , and jason park singing the lead vocals .
4	his voice type is bass .
15	personnel john lennon -- double-tracked vocal , rhythm guitar paul mccartney -- backing vocal , bass george harrison -- backing vocal , lead guitar ringo starr -- drums george martin -- producer norman smith -- engineer covers performed by julian lennon on his 1985 valotte tour .
31	personnel john vinci -- vocals richie cerniglia as '' richie c '' -- guitar mike maniscalco as '' mike coxton '' -- keyboard howie blume as '' howard davidson '' -- bass butch poveromo as '' jean paul gaspar '' -- percussion mike ricciardella -- drums george bitzer -- keyboard , synthesizer cover versions frankie valli recorded this song as a follow up to '' grease '' also written by barry .
21	history 1968 1971 the band was formed in september 1968 by drummer jon hiseman , tenor sax player dick heckstall-smith and bass player tony reeves , who had previously worked together in john mayall 's bluesbreakers on the bare wires album .
14	norman scott ( 1921 -- september 22 , 1968 ) was an american opera bass .
25	a maxon pedal maxon is the name used by the nisshin onpa company of japan for its line of effects pedal designed for guitar and bass .
5	joshua david ansley was the bass player for the band hurt and the ska bands catch 22 and streetlight manifesto .
11	andreas pruys ( born in kleve ) is a german classical bass singer .
6	he is best known for singing bass in the vocal ensemble rajaton .
50	her backing band on this album - still called the illuminations - was completely different from the group on her earlier singles , and had a similar line-up to the boxes : clive langer ( guitar / sitar ) , ian broudie ( lead guitar ) , james eller ( bass ) ; jo allen ( drum ) ; and ben barson , brother of madness keyboardist mike barson ( keyboards ) .
7	drums are played by jeff porcaro , bass by bob glaub , acoustic guitar and electric guitar are played by fred tackett , harmonies performed by david crosby and graham nash and the string section was arranged by david campbell .
21	their earlier work is noted for genre-crossing stylings , distorted , morose , and at times alien lyrics , distinctive funk bass lines , and extensive use of lo-fi recording practices .
19	the band consists of jon ( guitar , vocals , album production ) , and peter ( keyboards , bass , video director ) .
42	this is especially pronounced on the key recordings from 1965 ( the magic city , the heliocentric worlds of sun ra , volume one and the heliocentric worlds of sun ra , volume two ) where the intertwining lines of boykins ' bass and ra 's electronic keyboards provide the cohesion .
22	overview the omni featured preset , electronically generated orchestral ensemble string voices including polyphonic violin and viola sounds as well as monophonic bass and cello .
13	personnel john lennon vocal , rhythm guitar , harmonica paul mccartney vocal , bass , piano george harrison lead guitar ringo starr drums macdonald said that the vocals were '' credited to lennon and mccartney , but more like the former double-tracked '' , though mccartney can be heard at the end singing '' oh yeah '' on his own , so the original credit is probably correct .
15	ain anger ( born june 17 , 1971 in kuressaare ) is an estonian opera bass .
11	almost as important as king himself was the '' menacing '' bass of donald dunn , which at some points approached an early metal feel .
5	vocal range : baritone / bass spider - a pimp and proprietor of '' the red rat '' .
26	the live lineup is lovegrove on lead vocals and guitar ; rodney fisher on vocals , lead guitar , mandolin and percussion ; rio hemopo on bass and vocals ; tom atkinson on drums ; and clark on turntables , samples , and vocals .
7	in soda stereo , zeta played the bass and backing vocals .
7	sarmad sings ; plays the guitar , bass , and drums .
11	members current members vocals - matt tobin guitar - chris lemasters bass - kellan lindsay guitar - sebastian lueth drums - kelly bilan discography her name was tragedy ( ep ) ( 2004 ) what really happened at lover 's lane ( ep ) ( november 29 , 2005 ) the fanciful ( march 18 , 2008 ) the machines we are ( august 4 , 2009 ) antimacy ( august 2 , 2011 ) non-album songs the end is the beginning is the end ( the smashing pumpkins cover , released in 2011 as a free download via dead and divine 's facebook in exchange for likes prior to the release of antimacy ) lotion ( deftones cover , was only available for download by attending one of dead and divine 's special shows in february 2012 in kitchener , st. catherines , and hamilton .
12	outbound is the fourth solo album by stuart hamm , an american bass player known for his playing style and work with artists such as steve vai .
19	hunt took up the drum at age 7 , and saxophone at the age of 8 , later adding bass and keyboards .
53	the recording the song was recorded on august 9 , 1953 , at atlantic studios and featured clyde mcphatter ( lead ) , bill pinkney ( top tenor ) , andrew '' bubba '' thrasher ( second tenor ) , gerhart '' gay '' thrasher ( baritone ) , and willie ferbie ( bass ) .
44	she appeared on super jam ( 1989 ) , the live recording of the german tv series villa fantastica with brian auger on piano , pete york on drums , dick morrissey on tenor saxophone , roy williams on trombone , harvey weston on bass and zoot money , also on vocals .
7	he spent the next year singing the bass repertoire in opera houses throughout italy , including the teatro regio di parma and teatro comunale di bologna .
16	personnel ringo starr -- lead vocal , drums , tambourine paul mccartney -- backing vocal , bass , piano john lennon -- backing vocal , cowbell george harrison -- backing vocal , guitar george martin -- producer , hammond organ geoff emerick -- engineer cover versions there have been at least 50 cover versions of the song and it has achieved the number one position on the british singles charts three times : by joe cocker in 1968 , wet wet wet in 1988 and by sam & mark in 2004 .
11	personnel shaun morgan -- lead vocals , guitar dale stewart -- bass , backing vocals john humphrey -- drums troy mclawhorn - guitar ( on tracks 13 & 14 ) album information the band updated both their official web page and myspace on 23 august 2007 , with the new single , '' fake it '' , being uploaded to both .
48	members giuliano sangiorgi ( nardò , le , january 24 , 1979 ) ( vocals , guitar and piano ) emanuele spedicato ( nardò , le , october 26 , 1980 ) ( guitar ) ermanno carlà ( veglie , le , february 17 , 1977 ) ( bass ) danilo tasco ( gagliano del capo , le , march 26 , 1979 ) ( drums ) andrea '' andro .
17	; personnel james scheffer -- songwriter ester dean -- songwriter frank romano -- songwriter , guitar and bass daniel morris -- songwriter and additional keyboards jim jonsin -- producer , programming and keyboards harvey mason , jr. -- vocal producer andrew hey -- vocal recording david boyd -- vocal recording assistant michael daley -- vocal recording assistant dabling harward -- additional vocal recording robert marks -- recording and audio mixing ghazi hourani -- recording assistant justin merrill -- mixing assistant matt huber -- mixing assistant chris gehringer -- mastering credits adapted from killer love booklet liner notes .
15	richard george angas ( 18 april 1942 -- 20 august 2013 ) was a british bass singer , particularly associated with english national opera , but who also sang with other uk opera companies and in europe .
13	background born in mobile , alabama , arthur played guitar , keyboards , bass , and drums in numerous southern u.s. touring rock bands .
18	at the end , toodles galore watches spike strum tom , who had replaced the strings on his bass , while jerry plays a quick riff on tom 's whiskers .
24	personnel melissa etheridge - vocals , 12 string guitar bono - harmonica bernie larsen - electric guitar mauricio-fritz lewak - drums kevin mccormick - bass scott thurston - keyboard waddy wachtel - guitar note : richard wachtel is credited for guitar , on allmusic , but this is a known error , and he is not credited on discogs .
3	simon rankin - bass , backing vocals .
35	members ; current members dave claibourne -- lead vocals ( 1991-1995 , 1998 , 2010-2012 , 2014-present ) steven andrew miller -- guitar ( 1991-1995 , 1998 , 2010-2012 , 2014-present ) rob moran -- bass ( 1991-1995 , 1998 , 2010-2012 , 2014-present ) todd beattie -- drums , percussion ( 1991-1995 , 1998 , 2010-2012 , 2014-present ) ; former members eric allen -- guitar , backing vocals ( 1991-1995 , died 1998 ) discography full-length albums ritual ( 1993 ) new age records life .
57	track listing ; digital download -- '' non me lo so spiegare '' ( 2004 ) personnel ; music credits michele canova -- arrangements , rhythmic programming , keyboards leonardo di angilla -- percussions tiziano ferro -- vocals , composer andrea fontana -- drums cristian rigano -- rhodes piano , acoustic piano , keyboards pino saracini -- bass davide tagliapietra -- guitars ; production credits michele canova -- prudcer , engineer , mixing sandro franchin -- additional engineer mara maionchi -- producer alberto salerno -- producer charts laura pausini cover laura pausini recorded the song as a duet with tiziano ferro for her 2006 's album io canto .
6	use by rush limbaugh the opening bass riff from this song '' was something that tony butler used to play just as a warm-up , '' said steve churchyard , the engineer for the record .
20	it was recorded in nashville and features sammy shelor on banjo , adam steffey on mandolin , tim dishman on bass , tim crouch on fiddle , scott coney on guitar and rob ickes on resonator guitar .
16	personnel joe cocker -- vocals richie zito -- production , guitar arthur barrow -- synthesizer , bass mike baird -- drums dick hyde -- horn joel peskin -- horn steve madaio -- horn elisecia wright -- backing vocals julia tillman waters -- backing vocals maxine green -- backing vocals other cover versions etta james covered the song in a 1974 single , published by chess records and produced by gabriel mekler .
13	the following track , '' enjoy '' , is composed by piano and bass .
60	track listing dvd personnel ; supercell ryo -- writer shirow miwa -- cover illustration , illustrations huke -- cover & label artwork , illustrations redjuice -- illustrations suga -- illustrations maque -- cover background , illustrations yoshiki usa -- package design hei8ro -- photography 119 -- illustrations ; additional musicians okiya okoshi -- guitar miruku '' hime '' kokumaro -- bass ; production kazumitsu shimizu -- producer toyohiko arimoto -- executive producer yu tamura -- executive producer keiji kondo -- mixer yasuo matsumoto -- mixer okuda supa -- mixer hidekazu sakai -- mastering yukiko takata -- products coordination takayasu kuroda -- director , artist management yoshiaki fukuda -- products management notes by the major release of supercell , the illustrator 119 was no longer a member of supercell .
12	the band only played on classical instruments ( violins , cello , bass and drums ) .
25	track listing personnel fernanda takai - lead vocals , rhythm guitar john ulhoa - lead guitar , vocals , violin ; programming ricardo koctus - bass , vocals xande tamietti - drums lulu camargo - keyboards , piano special presentation andrea echeverri from the colombia band aterciopelados with '' tudo vai ficar bem '' curiosities the album was the first to be in digital format .
18	jerome a. hines ( november 8 , 1921 -- february 4 , 2003 ) was an american opera bass who performed at the metropolitan opera from 1946 to 1987 .
49	the group had disbanded in 1980 , but three of the band 's members -- claudio simonetti ( roland jupiter-8 , roland vocoder plus , minimoog , piano , electric piano , oberheim dmx digital drum , roland tr-808 , roland mc4 computer ) , fabio pignatelli ( fender bass normal and fretless ) , and massimo morante ( electric and acoustic guitar ) -- reunited at argento 's request to work on tenebrae .
16	origin myths combines beatbox drums ( oral percussion ) with layers of guitar , mbira , bass , verse , and rhyme , which means that he is often described as a '' one man band '' .
44	track listing ; primary musicians slash -- lead guitar , acoustic guitar on '' anastasia '' , talkbox on '' carolina '' myles kennedy -- lead vocals , rhythm guitar , co - lead guitar on '' far and away '' todd kerns -- bass , backing vocal , screams on '' one last thrill '' and '' you 're a lie '' brent fitz -- drums , percussion , piano on '' far and away '' ; production personnel eric valentine -- production , engineering , mixing cian riordan -- engineering bradley cook -- engineering jame chung -- engineering junior assistant frank maddocks -- art direction , design casey howard -- artwork travis shinn -- photography miscellaneous the whole album was recorded with analog equipment only .
10	personnel trevor mcnevan - vocals and guitar joel bruyere - bass steve augustine - drums jamie aplin - guitar ( music video only ) although the guitar credits go to mcnevan on the recording , the song 's music video features the band 's touring guitarist .
32	one of the better up and coming bands in seattle ... '' membership includes grant burton ( guitar , lead vocals ) , brian papenfuss ( drums ) , matt ralston ( bass ) , brian pake ( guitar , backing vocals ) , and brian mura ( piano ) .
12	later members were martin orford ( keyboards ) , john jowitt ( bass ) and steve christey ( drums ) .
25	( 21 ) personnel axl rose - lead vocals slash - slide , dobro izzy stradlin - acoustic guitar , lead vocals duff mckagan - bass , acoustic guitar matt sorum - drums shannon hoon - back up vocals tim doyle - tambourine '' bad obsession '' '' bad obsession '' is track seven on the album .
25	track listing personnel hansi kürsch - vocals andré olbrich - guitar marcus siepen - guitar frederik ehmke - drums guest musician : oliver holzwarth - bass video the video for another stranger me was filmed by director ivan colic .
18	an arrangement of this symphony for chamber ensemble ( consisting of 2 violin , viola , cello , bass , clarinet , horn , piano 4-hands , and harmonium ) was prepared in 1921 by students and associates of arnold schoenberg , for the viennese '' society for private musical performances '' : hanns eisler ( 1st and 3rd movements ) , erwin stein ( 2nd mvt .
11	at the time , it featured heyn van de geyn on bass and dré pallemaerts on drums .
21	; hole courtney love -- vocals , guitar , composition , writing eric erlandson -- guitar , composition jill emery -- bass , composition caroline rue -- drums , percussion , composition ; technical personnel kim gordon -- producer don fleming -- producer brian foxworthy -- engineer ; art personnel courtney love - art direction vicki berndt -- photography ( front cover ) pizz - typography jill emery - painting ( back cover ) chart positions singles notes 1 .
14	in 1984 , when half man half biscuit were formed , crossley moved to bass and the two were joined by nigel 's brother simon blackwell ( lead guitar ) and his friend paul wright ( drums ) , both previously with a group called attempted moustache .
12	gwynne howell ( born 13 june 1938 ) is a welsh opera bass , known particularly for his performances of verdi and wagner roles .
12	hans sotin ( born 10 september 1939 ) is a german opera bass .
20	history the first line-up of the sparkles consisted of stanley smith and carl huckaby on guitar , bob donnell on bass , johnny waller on piano , brothers jesse and guy balew on saxophone and vocals , and gary blakey on drums .
4	ray walker , the bass singer from elvis presley 's backing group the jordanaires was used by producer felton jarvis to augment the group 's vocal sound on '' i must be doing something wrong .
44	albums melodrom ( 2004 ) the guide ( 2006 ) variacije ( remixes ) ( 2008 ) vse kar si pustila da leži na tleh ( 2010 ) line-up mina špiler ( vocals ) matevž kolenc ( guitar , programming ) miha žargi ( bass ) matej nolda ( drums ) polona janežič ( keyboards ) .
17	demoniac were a heavy metal band from new zealand formed in wellington in 1993 by singer and bass player lindsay dawson , guitar sam totman and drummer steve francis .
52	the squirrel nut zippers are an american band formed in 1993 in chapel hill , north carolina , united states , by james '' jimbo '' mathus ( vocal and guitar ) , katharine whalen ( vocals , banjo , and ukulele ) , chris phillips on drums , don raleigh on bass and sideman ken mosher .
4	he studied singing ( bass ) for two years at the longy school of music .
15	track listing cd version lp version personnel ; merzbow with boris takeshi -- vocals , bass , guitar wata -- vocals , guitar , echo atsuo -- drum , percussion , vocals masami akita -- ems synthi a , computer , hand made instruments , effects yasuaki satake -- p.a engineer kazu -- recording souichiro nakamura at peace music -- mixing , mastering fangsanalsatan -- design ( diwphalanx ) shizu -- drawing ( diwphalanx ) soma -- design ( southern lord ) thomas hooper -- drawing ( southern lord ) miki matsushima -- photo ( southern lord ) pressing history the southern lord version has a die cut cover and is limited to 5000 ( machine numbered ) .
19	track listing personnel art pepper -- alto saxophone jack sheldon -- trumpet pete jolly -- piano jimmy bond -- bass frank butler -- drums sources richard cook & brian morton .
5	their rendition -- which included bass singer richard sterban 's deep-voiced vocal solo on the chorus ( '' giddy up ba-oom papa oom papa mow mow '' ) -- would also become their biggest pop hit , peaking at no. 5 on the hot 100 that august .
24	the band 's members were graham williams ( guitar , vocals ) , chris petty ( guitar , vocals ) , hywell maggs ( bass , vocals ) and jon jesson ( drums , vocals ) .
12	kelly co-founded kingfish in 1973 with new riders of the purple sage bass player dave torbert and fellow san francisco bay area musicians robbie hoddinott , chris herold , and mick ward .
21	members nathan macdonald -- vocals , guitar tyree lush -- vocals , guitar , button accordion , mandolin matt holland -- bass dana arrowsmith -- fiddle , vocals nathan macdonald nathan bishop macdonald better known as '' nathan bishop '' is a singer-songwriter based in toronto , ontario , canada .
25	'' the band includes judith casselberry on acoustic guitar and vocals , robert '' chicken '' burke on drum , fred cass , jr. on bass , adam widoff on electric guitar , and catherine russell on mandolin and vocals .
97	roles morgan le fay , king arthur 's half-sister ( soprano ) lady de hautdesert , wife of bertilak ( mezzo-soprano ) arthur , king ( tenor ) guinevere , arthur 's wife ( soprano ) a fool ( baritone ) agravain , a knight of king arthur 's court , gawain 's brother ywain , a knight of king arthur 's court , gawain 's brother gawain , a knight of king arthur 's court , ( baritone ) bishop baldwin ( countertenor ) bedevere , a knight the green knight / bertilak de hautdesert ( bass ) synopsis sir gawain and the green knight act 1 it is christmas at camelot .
12	; support member kensuke '' kenken '' kaneko ( 金子賢輔 ) - bass ( 2011 -- present ) kenken has been the support and live bassist for dragon ash since 2011 .
20	andrew gruhn joined the band briefly on the moog synthesizer , whitney departed , and austin lindstrom took over the bass position , with joel habedank , formerly of sadie foster and the fuck yeahs , on drums .
9	the band consisted of jo lloyd ( vocals , bass , and piano ) , james wright ( guitar ) , and dave magee ( drums ) .
23	1999 reissue personnel ; double trouble stevie ray vaughan -- guitar , vocals , drums on '' empty arms '' tommy shannon -- bass , vocals on '' say what !
28	members current members alexander '' alle '' hagman -- vocal jimmy tikkanen -- guitar daniel holmgren -- guitar matte modin -- drums andreas '' josse '' johansson -- bass former members marco eronen - guitars oskar karlsson -- drums peter '' pita '' karlsson - drums petri '' pecka '' rönnberg - guitars '' peson '' - guitars discography studio albums fuel ( 1998 ) ignoring the guidelines ( 2000 ) dedication ( 2002 ) sound of the republic ( 2006 ) veil of ignorance ( 2009 ) from the north ( 2015 ) ep you 're not like me ( 1994 ) stronger than ever ( 1996 ) compilations heartattack vol .
31	ratatat ( pronounced ) is a new york city experimental electronic rock duo consisting of mike stroud ( guitar , melodica , synthesizer , percussion ) and producer evan mast ( bass , synthesizer , percussion ) .
34	lennon has explained the song as follows : personnel the musicians who performed on the original recording were as follows : john lennon -- vocals , guitar ringo starr -- drums klaus voormann -- bass this song was sampled extensively on the track '' hold on john '' by hip-hop group johnson&jonson , from their self-titled album .
33	early life and theater beginnings daughter of j. chalmers doane , an order of canada - winning music educator , doane mastered many instruments at a young age , including the piano , bass , mandolin , guitar , violin , and ukulele .
3	fernando is a bass player .
43	the one o’clock is the highest of nine peer lab bands at the college , each named for its hour of rehearsal and each a standard 19-piece big band instrumentation five saxophones , five trombones , five trumpets , piano , guitar , bass , and drums .
41	'' as performed on in color , the song starts with nielsen playing a frenzied , fuzzy guitar part for two and a half bars , then bun e. carlos ' strong drum beat appears , and finally tom petersson 's bass and robin zander 's vocal join in .
45	zalvia is an alternative rock / folk rock band , from mexico city , mexico , formed in 2008 by friends antonio torres ( lead vocals , guitars ) , yonatán barrueta ( guitars ) , miguel rincón ( drums ) , omar mundo ( bass ) and marco antonio villanueva ( saxophone ) .
35	little village was an american / british rock band , formed in 1991 by ry cooder ( guitar , vocal ) , john hiatt ( guitar , piano , vocal ) , nick lowe ( bass , vocal ) and jim keltner ( drum ) .
28	the work calls for solo tenor ( evangelist ) , solo baritone ( jesus ) , chorus and organ , as well as minor roles for five solo bass ( judas , high priest , peter , pilate , bystander ) , a solo treble ( maid ) , and a solo treble or alto ( maid ii ) .
3	captain sensible : bass on tracks 1 , 8 , 15 , 18 , 21 & 23 ; guitar on tracks 3 -- 5 , 7 , 11 , 13 , 14 , 16 , 17 , 19 , 20 , 22 & 24 .
56	this is how the credits appear : topon das -- vocals , answering machine , midi , guitar sedric k. downy -- guitar , kettle sampling , vocals robin lowman -- guitar , samba albums , un - christian noise attacks alphie makay -- drums , drum machine , toilet flushes , vocals max vo -- bass , chapman stick , vacuum noise fuck the facts -- composer , performer , recording , mixing reissue in 2003 , discoing the dead was remastered and reissued with new artwork and one bonus track on brazilian label black hole productions .
3	he appeared as bass soloist at the brooklyn academy of music , in december 1868 , and soon thereafter at various churches and other venues .
32	track listing personnel duke pearson - piano , electric piano burt collins , joe shepley ( tracks 1-7 ) - trumpet kenny rupp - trombone hermeto pascoal - flute , guitar , bass ( tracks 1-7 ) jerry dodgion ( track 8 ) .
6	his brief stint with the eccentric bass player made a deep impression .
30	following the ep 's release , the band 's line-up expanded with the additions of rene solomon ( drums ) , garett goddard ( guitar ) and andrew connors ( bass ) .
15	alexander '' las '' ulyanov dusk watch ( novel ) : normal human heavy metal bass player that anton encounters while undercover in dusk watch .
25	the jimi hendrix experience -- a quintessential power trio a power trio is a rock and roll band format having a lineup of guitar , bass and drums , leaving out the rhythm guitar or keyboard that are used in other rock music to fill out the sound with chords .
82	personnel no-big-silence cram -- vocals ( tracks 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 7 , 8 , 9 ) kristo k -- guitar ( 3 ) / backing vocals ( 8 ) / keyboards willem -- acoustic guitar ( 1 , 3 , 5 , 7 ) / backing vocals ( 8 ) kristo r -- drums ; backing vocals ( 8 ) kosmikud hainz - vocals ( 5 , 8 , 9 ) aleksander vana - guitar kõmmari - bass others peeter volkonski - vocals ( 6 , 7 , 9 ) hele kõre - vocals ( 1 , 5 , 7 , 8 ) peeter malkov - flute ( 3 ) dj sinda - dj'ing ( 4 ) notes no-big-silence & kosmikud featuring peeter volkonski and hele kõre .
11	bell is best known as a drummer , working extensively with bass marcus miller and as a sideman for other artists such as erykah badu , victor bailey , david bowie , stanley clarke , randy crawford , roberta flack , al jarreau , chaka khan , angelique kidjo , joe sample , david sanborn , john scofield , stanley turrentine , luther vandross , vanessa williams and victor wooten .
9	band members dennis o'malley - drums ken kochajda - bass / vocals adam leroy - guitar / vocals discography 2006 - '' murder mystery '' 2007 - '' big rockets go now !
21	lineup kazutoshi sakurai -- lead vocals , guitar , primary songwriter kenichi tahara -- guitar , backing vocals keisuke nakagawa -- bass , backing vocals hideya suzuki -- drums , backing vocals recurring support members takeshi kobayashi -- keyboard , producer naoto inti raymi -- guitar , chorus takashi '' sunny '' katsuya -- keyboards , backing vocals shuji kouguchi -- guitar , harmonica discography \* compilation album .
17	the original band members were lauri ylönen ( lead singer / songwriter ) , eero heinonen ( bass ) , pauli rantasalmi ( guitar ) and jarno lahti ( drums ) .
6	the members were malcolm harker on bass , paul hooper on drums , bob jackson on keyboards and lead vocals and colin williams on guitar .
9	on the album chrisye provided vocals and played the bass , while soerjoprajogo played several instruments -- including the mandolin .
14	it is scored for a satb choir and organ , and features solos for bass and tenor .
17	personnel john feldmann -- rhythm guitar , lead vocals brian arthur -- lead guitar kelly lemieux -- bass darrin pfeiffer -- drums notes track no. 1 , '' my everything '' , was featured on the soundtrack of the video game ssx on tour .
10	johnny has been seen playing his brother 's signature esp bass .
15	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for alto , tenor and bass soloist , a four-part choir ( only for the final chorale ) , horn , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
20	performances lambert is best known for his very fast playing style utilising a three-fingered picking technique with a six string bass .
14	the band was formed by roger miller ( guitar ) , clint conley ( bass ) , peter prescott ( drums ) and martin swope ( tape manipulator/sound engineer ) .
21	the band started performing as the merry babes but changed to salad in 1992 , when pete brown was recruited on bass .
91	discography full lengths the seven seas ( 2009 ) elephant stone ( 2013 ) the three poisons ( 2014 ) eps and singles the glass box ep 12 '' ( 2010 ) love the sinner , hate the sin b/w strangers 7 '' ( 2012 ) other appearances '' christmas time ( is here again ) '' ( beatles cover ) on psych-out christmas ( 2013 ) '' l.a. woman '' on a psych tribute to the doors ( 2014 ) personnel main band members rishi dhir -- lead vocals , bass , sitar jean-gabriel lambert -- guitar , backing vocals miles dupire -- drums , backing vocals stephen '' le venk '' venkatarangam -- farfisa , synth , backing vocals guest/studio musicians shawn mativetsky -- tabla pt .
18	the part the clavinet plays has to fit with the part the drums play and the line the bass plays and the line that the guitar plays .
6	mortiis began his musical career playing bass for the black metal act emperor .
28	the band uses a mix of modern and medieval instruments , such as the lute , cittern , crumhorn and rauschpfeife , along with the moog synthesizer , bass and electric guitar .
15	when lurch appears ( usually immediately thereafter ) , he responds in a very deep bass voice , '' you rang ?
31	masuda is perhaps best known as the composer of the 2002 hit anime series naruto where he combined traditional instruments like the shamisen and shakuhachi together with guitar , drums , bass , piano and other keyboard instruments along with chanting .
34	they recruited fellow vocalist lindsay garfield from a listing she had written looking for a guitar player , and from there recruited bandmates julie ann thomasson on keyboards and vocals , justin fantl on bass , jesse hunt on drum , and tim marcus on pedal steel guitar .
24	; personnel lindsay lohan - songwriting , vocals kara dioguardi - songwriting , producer , background vocals john shanks - songwriting , producer , bass , guitar , keyboards , mixing dave audé - engineer jeff rothschild - drums , engineer , mixing , programming mark valentine - engineer credits are taken from speak liner notes .
18	personnel ; billy talent ben kowalewicz - lead vocals ian d'sa - guitar , vocals jon gallant - bass , backing vocals aaron solowoniuk - drums ; artwork liz barrett - art producer kim kinakin & henry fong - artwork kim kinakin - package design henry fong - cover illustration ian d'sa - art direction dustin rabin - photography ; additional musicians gavin brown - tambourine ; production gavin brown - producer ian d'sa - producer eric ratz - engineer steve blair & mary gormley - a & r chris lord-alge - mixing kenny luong - digital editing chart positions year-end certifications the worldwide sales estimation is 1,200,000 units .
13	i could be good for you the original members included phil bryant ( bass , vocals ) , jim mcclarty ( drums ) , duke mcfadden ( keyboards / synthesizer , vocals ) , and kevin russell ( guitar , vocals ) .
12	3 , oceania and monuments to an elegy ) nicole fiorentino -- bass and backing vocals ( vol .
6	his brother ezio flagello was a bass who sang at the metropolitan opera .
31	in 2009 , she performed with the kimberly thompson quartet , which featured band members mark shim ( saxophone ) , craig magnano ( guitar ) , and tarus mateen ( bass ) .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in eight movements is for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboes d'amore , flauto traverso , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
29	ultimately , three songs on the album did feature dane 's trademark high-pitched vocals , though the majority of the singing was more in line with the baritone and bass vocals that were featured prominently in nevermore .
20	line-up the original line-up was : paul '' doug '' sheppard ( lead guitar ) terry hopkinson ( vocals , bass ) paul tognola ( vocals , lead guitar ) paul conyers ( drum ) .
36	characters and setting mateo falcone : baritone giuseppa , his wife : soprano fredrick , a corsican carpenter baritone fortunato , their son : alto sanpiero , a smuggler : tenor gamba , a sergeant : bass a few soldiers ( i.e. , gendarmes ) : tenors and basses setting : corsica , 1800s a view of the rugged landscape of corsica synopsis the boy fortunato is outside of his family 's house , playing a horn while his parents are away .
94	the album also includes '' in re don giovanni , '' nyman 's first composition for the band , which is based on the first sixteen bars of '' madamina , il catalogo è questo '' from don giovanni , six selections from peter greenaway 's film , drowning by numbers , in which he was instructed to base the music on the slow movement mozart 's sinfonia concertante k. 364 , and two duets and an aria from nyman 's television opera , letters , riddles and writs , in this recording featuring bass andrew slater as leopold mozart and contralto hilary summers as wolfgang .
23	the members are ross flournoy ( guitar , vocals ) , dan iead ( guitar , backing vocals ) , brian whelan ( bass , backing vocals ) , rob mccorkindale ( drums , percussion ) , and scott claassen ( keys , backing vocals ) .
16	track listing side a side b contributing musicians vocals : kikki danielsson drums : klas anderhell bass : rutger gunnarsson , anders engberg guitar : lasse wellander , lasse jonsson , hasse rosén keyboards : peter ljung , kjell öhman , lasse holm accordion : kjell öhman wind instrument : urban agnas , leif lindvall , erik häusler , joakim milder wind arrangements : leif lindvall chorus : vicki benckert , liza öhman , lasse westman , lennart sjöholm , lasse holm strings from sveriges radios symfoniorkester .
27	history formation based in austin , texas the band members were randy '' biscuit '' turner on vocals , tim kerr on guitar and chris gates on bass .
32	he attended erie day school from 1976 -- 1984 , cathedral preparatory school for boys from 1984 -- 85 , and mcdowell high school from 1985 -- 88 , where he played bass in the rock group gideon winter , which was named after a major character in the novel floating dragon by peter straub .
14	don reid sang lead ; harold reid , don 's older brother , sang bass ; phil balsley sang baritone ; and lew dewitt sang tenor and was the guitarist of the statlers before being replaced by jimmy fortune in 1983 due to dewitt 's ill health .
17	is a japan pop rock band consisting of two members : on vocals and on guitar and bass .
33	v.s.o.p. was an american jazz quintet consisting of herbie hancock ( piano , keyboards , synthesizers and vocals ) , wayne shorter ( tenor saxophone and soprano saxophone ) , ron carter ( bass ) , tony williams ( drums ) and freddie hubbard ( trumpet and flugelhorn ) .
20	( for unison voices , words by frances chesterton ) hail gladdening light ( soprano , alto , tenor , bass , organ ) the day draws on with golden light ( for satb chorus ) o be joyful in the lord ( for satb chorus with organ acc .
19	personnel george harrison lead vocals , hammond organ john lennon backing vocals , tambourine paul mccartney backing vocals , bass ringo starr drums , backwards cymbal session musician cello cultural references cover versions '' blue jay way '' has been covered by : colin newman on his 1982 album not to borbetomagus on their 1990 album buncha hair that long dan bern on his 1998 album smartie mine rodney graham on his 2000 album what is happy , baby ?
19	pre ees akihito morimoto , known as ` aki ' ( guitar and vocals ) and kazuto maekawa ( bass ) first met at high school in osaka .
17	current members of the band include pete ballard on the pedal steel guitar , katie grace on bass and danny kanka on drums .
4	sarah hall borrowed a bass from paul simonon of the clash , and they invited greg van cook , who was in the process of breaking away from the electric chairs , to play guitar .
91	discography studio albums fluxion ( 2004 ) aeolian ( 2006 ) precambrian ( 2007 ) heliocentric ( 2010 ) anthropocentric ( 2010 ) pelagial ( 2013 ) other releases islands/tides ( 2001 ) fogdiver ep ( 2003 ) burst/the ocean split 7 '' ( 2005 ) the grand inquisitor ep 10 '' ( 2012 ) line-up loïc rossetti - vocals ( since 2009 ) robin staps - guitar ( since 2001 ) damian murdoch - guitar ( since 2013 ) paul seidel - drums ( since 2013 ) chris breuer - bass ( since 2013 , touring member & also made a recording appearance on pelagial ) former members former members are counted only since the formation of the first stable line-up , which happened in 2009 .
28	scoring and structure the work features four vocal soloists : bellona ( soprano ) , pallas ( alto ) , irene ( tenor ) , and fama ( bass ) .
19	shironamhin , have developed their own style of blending of the popular western instruments like guitar , drum kit bass and keyboard along with the traditional folk instruments like bansuri , dotara and indian classical instruments and also instruments like sarod , esraj , scottish , bodhran , banjo , silver flute , african instruments like mondo mo fa head , rainmaker ; western classic instruments like violin , cello , trumpet , coronet , saxophone etc. .
6	from 1940 to 1968 he was bass singer with the alexandrov ensemble ; promoted to soloist 1950 .
10	track listing personnel sting -- lead and backing vocals , bass , keyboards , saxophone on '' spirits in the material world '' andy summers -- electric guitar , keyboards stewart copeland -- drums , miscellaneous percussion , keyboards , drum programming on '' do n't stand so close to me ' 86 '' jean roussel - piano on '' every little thing she does is magic '' every breath you take : the classics in 1995 , m released every breath you take : the classics to replace the original album .
39	australian crawl ( often called aussie crawl or the crawl by fans ) were an australia rock band founded by james reyne ( lead vocal / piano ) , brad robinson ( rhythm guitar ) , paul williams ( bass ) , simon binks ( lead guitar ) and david reyne ( drum ) in 1978 .
15	joseph michael '' dusty '' hill ( born may 19 , 1949 ) is the bass , keyboard and co - vocalist with the american rock group zz top .
6	other members include isla eckinger ( bass ) , peter schmidlin ( drums ) and tutilo odermatt ( piano ) .
9	primitive lyrics combined live rock music ( drums , bass , guitar , saxophone ) together with a dj and two rappers .
50	without hair on board ( who decided against further band work in favor of building up his homemade food business ) linger and jacobs decamped to toulouse , france to record an album 's worth of new material as a two piece , sharing the instrumental duties of drums , bass , guitar , percussion and keyboards between them .
18	the band spent five weeks on initial recordings at the grove studios , focusing on recording drum and bass parts and preliminary guitar and vocal takes , and then one and a half weeks at oasis studios recording additional vocal and guitar parts .
16	a short time later , after mother vulpine broke up , matt recruited tom dunford on bass and steve wilson on drums to complete the line up .
26	overview from monument to masses is an instrumental post-rock power trio composed of francis choung ( drums , keys , programming ) , sergio robledo-maderazo ( bass , keys , samples ) , and matthew solberg ( guitar , loops ) .
20	calling themselves the hacienda brothers , they were joined by dave berzansky ( pedal steel ) , hank maninger ( bass , also with the aqua velvets ) , and dale daniel ( drums ) .
7	personnel geddy lee - lead vocals , bass , synthesizer alex lifeson - guitar neil peart - drums , percussion terry brown -- engineer hugh syme -- design george graves -- mastering on original album bob ludwig -- remastering remaster details a remaster was issued in 1997 .
24	the track fuses together styles of electronica , hip-hop and r & b and features contributions of numerous instruments , including : drum , bass , keyboard , electric guitar and horns .
31	b. e. taylor later re-recorded this song on his first solo album , try love , as more of a rock song , getting rid of the synthesizers and making the bass , lead guitar , and drums much more involved .
13	the farris banjolin was offered in soprano , alto , tenor , and bass models .
33	folke jonsson , photographed in 1939 in skansen sweden folke henry jonsson ( 9 june 1904 in ängelholm sweden 7 december 1981 in sollentuna ) was a swedish opera singer who sang leading bass roles primarily at the royal swedish opera and in other scandinavia opera houses for many years .
26	personnel tim burgess -- lead vocals , harmonica mark collins -- guitar tony rogers -- mellotron , organ , piano , backing vocals martin blunt -- bass jon brookes -- drums ged lynch -- percussion ( 2,3,8,10 ) stacy plunk -- backing vocals ( 3,4,9 ) yvonne marx -- backing vocals ( 3,10 ) daniel lanois -- pedal steel ( 4 ) jim keltner -- percussion ( 4,12 ) critical reception q listed wonderland as one of the best 50 albums of 2001 .
20	scoring and structure the cantata in nine movements is festively scored for three vocal soloists ( soprano , tenor and bass ) , a five-part choir ( ssatb ) , three trumpet , timpani , three oboe , taille ( tenor oboe ) , bassoon , two violin , two viola , two cello and basso continuo .
39	lights action are a british rock quintet from london / oxford / chelmsford made up of patrick currier ( vocals ) , karl bareham ( guitar ) , chris moorhead ( guitar / keyboards ) , alex leeder ( bass ) and steven durham ( drums ) .
17	smith grew up in the rural western massachusetts town of colrain , learning piano , guitar , bass and drums as a teenager .
5	life neblett , who sings bass , hails from cairo , illinois .
13	'' '' ( you shall go no more ) is an aria for bass from mozart 's 1786 opera the marriage of figaro , k. 492 .
20	personnel helloween michael kiske - vocals , acoustic guitar michael weikath - guitar roland grapow - guitar markus grosskopf - bass ingo schwichtenberg - drums guests axel bergstedt - conductor , church organ in '' i believe '' children 's choir of the orchestra '' johann sebastian bach '' , hamburg in '' i believe '' - violin it is an interesting footmark , that three of the children of the children 's choir are aminata , jazz and sophie from black buddafly , who had been 12 and 13 years old , when they sang for chameleon .
7	'' current line-up per steinar lie - bass , vocals ørjan haaland - drums , vocals hanne andersen - guitar , organ , vocals njål clementsen - guitar , vocals linn frøkedal - guitar , organ , vocals former members per plambech hansen - guitar ( 2000 2005 ) discography albums the low frequency in stereo ( 2002 ) travelling ants who got eaten by moskus ( 2004 ) the last temptation of ... the low frequency in stereo vol .
36	matthew william tansley stiff ( born 13 december 1979 in grimsby , north east lincolnshire ) also credited as matt stiff is an english opera singer and former radio presenter , best known as the former bass singer with classical boyband g4 .
3	the narrator ( bass solo ) : '' now in each nation there were some cast out '' 5 .
19	composition the piece is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto or contralto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two flute , piccolo , two oboe , two clarinet in b-flat , two bassoon , four horns , two trumpet in c , three trombone , tuba , strings , timpani , four percussionists , two harp , and pianoforte .
7	they were formed when jim barr ( bass ) and clive deamer ( drums ) , the rhythm section from the trip hop group portishead , teamed up with jake mcmurchie ( saxophone ) and pete judge ( trumpet ) over their mutual appreciation of ornette coleman .
6	other members include jeff kearns ( bass , vocals ) , stephen ittner ( drums ) , and john crozier ( guitar ) .
20	members scott andrew moffatt : lead vocals , guitars clinton thomas john '' clint '' moffatt : backing vocals , bass , percussion robert franklin peter '' bob '' moffatt : backing vocals , drums , congas david michael william '' dave '' moffatt : lead vocals , keyboards discography albums singles dvds ; notes a ^ '' just another phase '' was still climbing the rpm charts when the magazine ceased publication .
5	fishermen will find trout , bass , perch and bullhead in chenango lake .
15	the members are : emiliano brancciari ( vocals and guitar ) , guzmán silveira ( bass and backup vocals ) , diego bartaburu ( drums ) , gonzalo castex ( percussion ) , martín gil ( trumpet and backup vocals ) , denis ramos ( trombone ) , mauricio ortiz ( tenor saxophone ) , marcel curuchet ( keyboards ) and pablo coniberti ( guitar ) .
10	d'alegria is a brazilian company specialized in manufacturing custom-made electric bass and guitar , all handmade with the best wood in brazil .
14	darling '' mark eric - guitar on '' greenwich meantime '' bruce kulick - bass on '' the day i went mad '' , '' do n't look down '' , '' oh !
12	personnel stewart copeland -- drums simon clark -- hammond , cmi , bass tony levin -- funk fingers jerry marotta -- funk fingers david rhodes -- guitar daniel lanois -- surf guitar peter gabriel -- vocals , cmi , synthesizer , prophet , linn p. p. arnold -- backing vocals coral gordon -- backing vocals dee lewis -- backing vocals wayne jackson -- trumpet , cornet mark rivera -- alto , tenor and baritone saxophone don mikkelsen -- trombone music video gabriel , successful after his smash hit '' sledgehammer '' , used the similarly up-tempo '' big time '' to create another visually stunning video .
17	suhr guitars ( officially js technologies inc ) is an american company that manufactures electric guitar and bass , guitar amplifier , and effect units .
16	'' her music consists mainly of modernized remixes of old hindi songs , entailing a very bass - heavy sound with some hip hop elements .
10	le hoodoo gurus unorthodox line-up of three guitars and no bass player , fused pop melodies , punk guitars and an american trash culture ethic .
23	he was a choir boy at st john 's church , perry barr , and became interested in the guitar , then the bass .
22	track listing personnel katrina leskanich - rhythm guitar , vocals kimberley rew - lead guitar , vocals vince de la cruz - bass , additional guitars , vocals alex cooper - drums , vocals with : john earle - brass richard edwards - brass nick glennie-smith - keyboards dick hanson - brass eamon fitzpatrick - brass arrangement '' is that it ?
17	the members were larry livermore on guitar and vocals , kain kong ( kain hanschke ) on bass and vocals , and tré cool on drums and vocals .
6	it was the first album without bass jason harris , who had been replaced by peter nice ( better known as '' nelson '' ) .
17	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for two vocal soloists ( soprano and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboe , two violin , viola , organ obbligato and basso continuo .
27	the band has four members : swapnil sharma in vocals , prashant vk in rhythm guitar , prakash rasailey in lead guitar , and amit pradhan in bass .
22	track listing all compositions by barre phillips recorded at studio bauer in ludwigsburg , west germany in june 1979 personnel barre phillips bass john surman soprano saxophone .
21	track listing credits ryan redman - vocals stuart steele - guitar , backing vocals joe ward - guitar james steele - bass chris steele - drums mark williams - production critical response the album received a '' kkkk '' ( equivalent to 4/5 ) rating in kerrang! magazine .
14	chapman later took up co-rapping duties alongside arthanayake , with the line-up completed by bass player johnny dawe ( previously of hull band death by milkfloat ) .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , horn to double the soprano , flauto traverso , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
6	personnel ani difranco -- guitar , bass , vocals andy stochansky -- drums , percussion instrument/percussion production producer -- ani difranco engineer -- ed stone artwork the cd case of not a pretty girl is designed to be looked at '' the wrong way ` round '' , with the spine on the right hand side rather than the left .
13	pia maiocco ( born february 25 , 1962 ) is an american former bass guitarist and backing vocals for the heavy metal band vixen .
35	the albums mellow tone and more layered sound is attributed to the inclusion of other musical instruments such as keys , piano , and strings , concurrent with their traditional rock-based setup of guitar , bass and drums .
6	jaime sciarappa is a boston area bass player best known for his work with 1980s hardcore punk bands ssd and slapshot .
7	backed up by randy jackson on the bass , carey appeared on stage as the last head-lining performer of the evening .
30	while saxophone player allan jones went on to form judas jump , fairweather low led dennis byron ( drum ) , blue weaver ( organ ) , clive taylor ( bass ) and neil jones ( guitar ) into the new band , fair weather .
17	jeff scott soto -- vocals robert säll - guitar and keyboards erik mårtensson - rhythm guitar , bass , keyboards , background vocals magnus henriksson - lead guitar robban bäck - drums one live - in stockholm one live - in stockholm is the first live cd & dvd released by w.e.t. on frontiers records and will be available in february 2014 .
17	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , corno da caccia , two oboe , oboe da caccia , two violins , viola , violetta ( alternative in a later performance ) and basso continuo .
5	ms zsa zsa poltergeist -- bass , vocals .
10	track listing personnel john cafiero -- vocals jerry only -- bass dez cadena -- lead guitar ivan julian -- rhythm guitar marky ramone -- drum cover songs among the songs on the album are cover version of the title tracks from anime series astro boy and sailor moon , and the rossano brazzi film the christmas that almost was n't .
21	the musicians backing them up included ollie halsall ( guitar ) , john halsey ( drum ) and clive griffiths ( bass ) .
24	once finished with the canandaigua studio , jake moved to los angeles , california , where he met chris perry and eventually became a bass player for the city drive in 2007 .
19	history formation the greencards were initially composed of two australians , kym warner on mandolin and carol young on bass , and an englishman , eamon mcloughlin on fiddle .
7	jack mahaffy was signed on full-time as bass player in the summer of 2003 .
10	track listing personnel tim may : guitars andy muson : bass denny seiwell : drums louis st. louis : keyboards michael gibson : orchestrations reception billboard magazine listed the album among its '' top album picks '' , meaning that the album was predicted to reach the top half of the album chart .
2	kazu -- bass -- kazu 's past bands include research , in which he played under the name '' kazunori '' , and aioria .
14	from 1946 on he studied at the royal conservatory of the hague with the bass willem ravelli .
48	( 2 : 06 ) and the other is a drunken live cover of '' embrace '' by straight edge hardcore band ignite '' ( 3 : 46 ) personnel nuno pereira - vocals trevor reilly - guitar , backing vocals john carvalho - guitar jonathan teves - bass , backing vocals nicholas pasquale angelini - drums details recorded , engineered and mixed by : joe reilly produced by : smackin ' isaiah , joe reilly co-produced by : joe reilly and smackin ' isaiah recorded at : black and blue studios , new bedford , ma mastered by : rich rescigno at mountainside studios published by : adamscrackmusic !
40	formed in 1993 at new york university featuring chris leo ( formerly of native nod and brother of ted leo ) on vocals and guitar , brian maryansky on guitar , toko yasuda ( formerly of blonde redhead ) on bass , and neil o'brien on drums .
108	some of them were : symphonic orchestra of berlin philharmonic orchestra of venezuela symphonic orchestra of paris strings orchestra of torino 's philharmonic wind band of the bayreuth 's youth international festival national chamber orchestra of uruguay orchestra of the anacrusa festival of santiago de chile symphonic orchestra of tucumán in addition , many solo artists have performed his compositions , such as : eduardo fernández ( guitar ) , götz bernau ( violin ) , vihn pham ( violin ) , nicholas ktichen ( violin ) , daniel luzko and josé luis miranda ( piano ) , mami sakuda fiorentini ( soprano ) , antonio dourthe ( bass ) , eladio pérez gonzález ( baritone ) .
15	the current frankenbok line-up consists of aaron butler ( guitar ) , tim miedecke ( bass and backing vocals ) , mick morley ( drums ) , dan mcdougall ( vocals ) and nathan ` yeti ' amatnieks ( guitar ) .
8	the haleys were joined by cameron grant on bass and ( ex-magoria ) and matthew chalk on vocals ( ex-hemlock ) , who soon after became a drummer with established local death metal act m.s.i. .
14	in the summer of 1975 he was hired as bandleader , opening act and bass player in bob dylan 's band .
0	bass , drums , and programming were handled by luke , while guitar were led by tina kennedy and luke .
14	the choral arrangement of four voices ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) has since become common in western music .
21	following several early line-up changes , the band eventually settled on bob nanna on guitar and vocals , todd bell on bass , chris broach on guitar and vocals , and roy ewing on drums until he was replaced in 1997 by new drummer damon atkinson .
3	gary lunn : bass guitars .
9	chart performance weekly charts year-end charts personnel sting - bass , lead and backing vocals andy summers - guitar stewart copeland - drums b-side '' dead end job '' , the b-side of '' ca n't stand losing you '' , is based on a riff copeland wrote in high school .
3	leroy fann ( bass ) -- was shot and killed in new york in november 1973 .
11	personnel kelly blatz vocals ( 2004 -- 2011 ) paul laliberte bass shelby archer guitar michael johnson drums jeff laliberte guitar singles '' low day '' ( 2009 ) for skyrunners '' gypsy jones '' '' government child - ( live only !
18	the voices are abbreviated s for soprano , a for alto , t for tenor , b for bass .
38	the basic track for '' proud mary , '' as with the other songs on the album , was recorded by john fogerty ( lead guitar ) , tom fogerty ( rhythm guitar ) , stu cook ( bass ) , and doug clifford ( drum ) at rca studios in hollywood , california , with john overdubbing instruments and all the vocals later .
34	personnel george harrison -- vocals , electric guitar , slide guitar , sitar , backing vocals jim horn -- tenor saxophone , flute gary wright -- organ nicky hopkins -- piano klaus voormann -- bass ringo starr -- drums , tambourine jim keltner -- drums , maraca zakir hussain -- tabla notes citations sources dale c. allison jr. , the love there that 's sleeping : the art and spirituality of george harrison , continuum ( new york , ny , 2006 ; isbn 978-0-8264-1917-0 ) .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , bass ) , a four-part choir , trumpet , flauto traverso , oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
6	members albert witchfinder - vocals , bass peter vicar - guitar earl of void - drums , guitar , keyboards previous members juippi - drums discography studio albums eps and singles splits demos practice sessions ( unpublished rehearsal tape , 1995 ) slice of doom ( 1999 ) you shall suffer !
25	line-up tanja lainio -- vocals ( joined in 2002 ) sami leppikangas -- lead guitar sauli kivilahti -- guitar kimmo '' heavy '' hiltunen -- bass ( joined in 1998 ) jukka outinen -- drums ( joined in 1999 ) discography albums sweet desire ( 1999 ) be my god ( 2001 ) crucify my heart ( 2003 ) vol .
42	in 1988 , he played with the james baldwin project with a.o. david linx and deborah brown ( vocalist ) , slide hampton ( trombone ) , diederik wissels ( piano ) , bob stewart ( tuba ) and michel hatzigeorgiou ( bass ) .
18	personnel jon bon jovi lead vocals , guitar richie sambora guitar , backing vocals , talkbox hugh mcdonald bass , backing vocals tico torres drums , perussion david bryan keyboards , backing vocals the show the set list greatly varied between concerts , so after each show its set list was posted on the official website .
10	in 1939 , she met , and later married , bass player calvin ponder ( october 17 , 1917 - december 26 , 1970 ) , who went on to play in earl hines ' band .
17	biography nuclear death were formed on march 23 , 1986 , by lori bravo ( vocals , bass ) , phil hampson ( guitar ) , and joel whitfield ( drums ) .
35	the new uncle earl line up is andreassen , groves , stephanie coleman on fiddle , paula bradley on banjo , banjo ukulele and clogging , and rachel eddy on banjo , fiddle , and bass .
8	performers on the song include slim harbert on bass , johnny gimble on fiddle , floyd lanning on guitar , and harold carmack on piano .
24	later that year the band became a six-pirece after recruiting ryan binns on synthesizer 's , james cassells on drums , joe lancaster on bass and cameron liddell on rhythm guitar .
12	members eddie kulack vocals nick cardelli guitar noe perez guitar brian roberts bass luke lleras drums drew settipani trumpet devon bates ; percussion nick bush alto saxophone drew steury trombone frequent guest maxx mcgathey keyboard discography albums kool-aid kids vs dr. ed and the flu shots ( 2006 ) the loyal opposition '' friendzy !
25	credits and personnel melissa etheridge -- acoustic guitar , guitar , vocals wally badarou -- keyboard craig krampf -- percussion , drums kevin mccormick -- bass johnny lee schell -- guitar scott thurston -- keyboard waddy wachtel -- guitar melissa etheridge , niko bolas , craig krampf , kevin mccormick -- producers chris blackwell , rob fraboni -- executive producers allan blazek , jim nipar -- engineer david kane -- assistant engineer duane seykora , bob vogt -- mixing assistants stephen marcussen -- mastering melissa etheridge , craig krampf -- arrangers george dubose -- photography tony wright -- cover design cover versions german band 2-4 grooves recorded the song under the title '' the way i do '' in a house version and released it as a usual single with another song as a b-side and on a remix single including the radio version and three additional remixes .
7	his skill on drums , piano , bass , and arp are outstanding , and all the tracks work within the thematic framework .
6	as a young man he sang bass in the church choir , in the san diego bach chorus , in choral workshops under roger wagner at san diego state university , and in madrigal groups for '' dancing on the green '' , an elizabethan-era folk dancing event held in front of the old globe .
21	tough developed an early interest in music , and in his youth started playing saxophone , later transitioning to drums , bass , piano and guitar .
20	she married twice : first in 1896 to richard temple , jr. , the son of the d'oyly carte principal bass , richard temple ( divorced -- abandonment ) , and then in 1910 to captain ernest kennaway arbuthnot .
18	the participants were alf vierth ( vocals ) , björn eriksson ( drums ) , elä malmberg ( bass , background vocals ) , harald berthelsen ( mandolin , tin whistle , background vocals ) , martin linder ( saxophone , background vocals ) , rickard elofsson ( trumpet , background vocals ) , stefan ståhl ( guitar , background vocals ) , svante sörmark ( guitar , background vocals ) and viktor brobacke ( trombone , harmonica , vocals on rätt sätt and background vocals ) .
17	history the things were formed initially as a two piece band with kraig adams singing and playing bass , and lorenz peter playing keyboards .
24	carrie was a british based rock music band , featuring the former levitation and some have fins singer/guitarist steve ludwin , ex - emf bass player zac foley , guitarist dennis dicker and australia drummer , bruce pawsey .
11	this included instrument replacement for the piano , staple percussion and bass .
10	their version strips the musical arrangement down to guitar , bass , and drums , and uses a slightly faster tempo , yet maintains the song 's melodic structure .
22	formed in late 2007 , the current members of the band are tim beck ( vocals ) , mark t. zeilman ( bass ) , pj perez ( guitar ) and jackie pope ( drums ) .
24	nigel harrison ( born 24 april 1951 , stockport , cheshire , england ) is an english musician , and best known as the bass player of the rock band blondie .
25	as of 2006 the band 's line-up is : kira leyden lead vocals , guitar , keys jeff andrea lead guitar , vocals marco hilj bass eric ortopan drum on the band 's myspace page , they cite the kinks , no doubt , pearl jam , the pretenders , queen and u2 as their influences .
9	personnel robin gibb -- lead vocal maurice gibb -- bass , piano , mellotron barry gibb -- guitar , backing vocal vince melouney -- guitar colin petersen -- drums chart performance cover versions former yugoslav band siluete covered the song in 1967 .
10	the oratorio is scored for soprano , tenor , and bass soloists , with standard satb chorus and symphony orchestra .
21	the founding members were jerry garcia on guitar and vocals , bob weir on guitar and vocals , phil lesh on bass and vocals , bill kreutzmann on drums , and ron '' pigpen '' mckernan on organ , harmonica , percussion , and vocals .
19	the band consists of rhiannon '' ritzy '' bryan ( lead vocals , guitar ) , rhydian dafydd ( bass , backing vocals ) , and matthew james thomas ( drums , percussion ) .
6	members las ballade ( vocals and bass ) 2004 -- 11 jesper ( drums ) 2008 -- 11 nikolaj ( guitar ) 2004 -- 11 former members : yogi ( vocal ) 2004 -- 05 hasse ( drums ) 2004 -- 08 discography hjertestop demo cs ( maximum od/kick 'n' punch , 2004 ) åårh fuck !
59	he filmed the band recording the song , showing the four bandmates performing , with keith moon being recruited for the high notes in the song ( even though pete townshend can be heard telling keith he '' keeps jumping on john 's part '' , however , other live video footage shows john entwistle , the band 's bass harmonizing and playing the french horn .
17	personnel barry gibb - lead vocals , guitar robin gibb - vocals maurice gibb - vocals , bass blue weaver - keyboards , synthesiser , piano dennis bryon - drums joe lala - percussion cover versions also the song was recorded by the rare earth and originally written by the bee gees for it .
31	the session was produced by the chess brothers , leonard and phil , and backing berry ( vocals , guitar ) were johnnie johnson ( piano ) , willie dixon ( bass ) , and fred below ( drum ) .
20	the group consists of tom barber ( vocals ) , adam de micco ( guitar ) , gary herrera ( bass ) and austin archey ( drums ) .
81	track listing thad jones ( deb 127 ) lp side a : lp side b : later cd re-issue bonus tracks : original 10 inch lp releases : the fabulous thad jones ( dlp 12 ) lp side a : lp side b : thad jones/charles mingus - jazz collaborations , vol . 1 ( dlp 17 ) lp side a : lp side b : all track times are from cd re-issue personnel thad jones -- trumpet charles mingus -- bass on the 1954 the fabulous thad jones tracks : frank wess -- tenor saxophone , flute hank jones -- piano kenny clarke -- drums on the 1955 thad jones / charles mingus jazz collaborations vol .
37	there are five members in the band : uldis kalns ( vocal , guitar ) , roberts dinters ( guitar ) , kristofers knesis ( keyboards ) , eriks hanzovskis ( drums ) and kristaps leitis ( bass ) .
38	career the band was formed in 1962 in san gabriel , california , by brothers lawrence perez ( guitar ) and john perez ( drum ) , and neighbors george delgado ( guitar ) and frank zuniga ( bass ) .
4	he began playing the bass at age 13 , after the death of his brother .
17	these were operated upon , and because of this he lost the lower ranges of his legendary bass voice .
28	history dufresne formed in january , 2004 with nicola '' dominik '' cerantola on lead vocals , davide zenorini on drums , matteo '' ciube '' tabacco on bass and vocals , luca dal lago on guitar and alessandro costa on keyboards .
10	members sokabe keiichi - vocals , guitar tanaka takashi - bass maruyama harushige - drums history the band formed in 1992 , originally made up of keiichi , takashi and other members .
13	members -- vocals -- guitar ; former members -- drums -- drums -- bass -- guitar discography ; albums sug life ( september 9 , 2004 ) oricon weekly album chart top position : no. 31 non-fiction ( ノンフィクション , april 3 , 2013 ) no. 7 ; mini albums tokyo stripper ( 東京ストリッパー , january 12 , 2002 ) ; compilation albums brq 2001-2004 ( december 12 , 2004 ) no. 55 complete collection 2001-2004 ( april 3 , 2013 ) no. 57 ; singles '' sukebe boy '' ( スケベボウイ , august 7 , 2002 ) '' caramel drops '' ( キャラメルドロップス , november 29 , 2002 ) '' chaplin '' ( february 5 , 2003 ) oricon weekly single chart top position : no. 23 '' gakidou '' ( 我伐道 , july 24 , 2003 ) no. 14 '' ila .
18	'' b-sides part one of the single contains the b-side song '' cuttooth '' , with piano and bass working collectively and fluently , and a few samples running in and out throughout the song .
27	track listing personnel ray charles keyboards , vocals marcus belgrave trumpet john hunt trumpet david newman tenor saxophone , alto saxophone hank crawford baritone saxophone edgar willis bass teagle fleming drums marjorie hendricks vocals the raelets vocal group the track '' yes , indeed '' was recorded live at the newport jazz festival on july 5 , 1958 , with lee harper replacing john hunt on trumpet and richie goldberg replacing teagle fleming on drums .
35	lawrence , martin duffy and gary ainge had moved to brighton from birmingham in 1988 ; but as marco thomas had remained in the midlands , robert young from primal scream was invited to play bass on the recording .
16	members adam siegel - guitar , lead vocals ( 1993 -- 1998 ) dave silva - bass ( 1994 -- 1998 ) greg saenz - drums ( 1993 -- 1998 ) discography endless bummer endless bummer is the first and only my head 's studio album .
18	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for three soloists -- alto , tenor and bass -- a four-part choir , '' '' ( slide trumpet , mostly doubling the choir soprano ) , two recorder , two oboes da caccia , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
34	linx was a british soul / funk band consisting of david grant , bob carter ( keyboards ) , andy duncan ( drum ) , canute edwards ( guitar ) and peter martin ( bass ) ( aka sketch ) .
8	the sex brain ep features canaan faulkner ( bass ) , chris forbes ( electric guitar ) , keith hanlon ( drums , electric guitar ) , sarah jurcyk ( backing vocals ) , and horace roscoe ( alto saxophone ) .
18	personnel ; angels & airwaves tom delonge -- vocals , guitar david kennedy -- guitar matt wachter -- bass atom willard -- drums , percussion film a movie with the same title love has also been released .
21	track listing bonus remix cd personnel travis mccoy - vocals disashi lumumba-kasongo - guitar matt mcginley - drums ryan geise - bass doug white - producer , engineer matt green - mixing , engineering adam english - piano rand bellavia - additional vocals milo bonacci - guitars sie one - production on tracks 1 , 8 , 12 , and 18 gary ventura - photography evan leake - cd layout/design additional notes '' kid nothing vs. the echo factor '' is a commentary on mainstream rap music from travis ' point of view as a rapper himself .
32	after entering the manhattan 's pyramid studios to record what would become their debut album , former hot rod circuit member and o'toole 's childhood friend joe ballaro joined the band on bass .
24	louis baron , ( real name louis bouchêne , or bouchenez ) , stage name baron , was a french actor and singer ( bass ) , born in september 1838 at alençon , died in 1920 .
24	baron hans von rokitansky ( german : hans freiherr von rokitansky ) ( 8 march 1835 2 november 1909 ) was an austria opera bass who sang for three decades at the vienna hofoper ( now vienna state opera ) and in concerts and operas throughout europe between 1856 and 1877 .
31	big band rhythm in jazz big band , popular during the 30s and 40s , the guitarist is considered an integral part of the rhythm section ( guitar , drum and bass ) .
16	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for alto , tenor , and bass soloists , a four-part choir only for the chorale , oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo including bassoon .
23	the group then featured rabson on piano , vocals and guitar , adegbalola on vocals and guitar , and faye on vocals , bass , mandolin , violin and guitar .
36	personnel ( montreux ) albert king - electric guitar and vocals donald kinsey - electric guitar rick watson - tenor saxophone norville hodges - trumpet wilbur thompson - trumpet james washington - organ bill rennie - bass sam king - drums montreux recording by sr ( radio suisse ) staff .
13	rob courtis left for australia shortly afterwards to pursue his studies ; his bass playing duties were ironically assumed by adarsh '' best mountain '' sekhar , a traveling fleece salesman who 'd literally settled down in dubai .
39	track listing personnel james mtume - keyboards , lead vocals , backing vocals tawatha agee - lead vocals , backing vocals , percussion ed '' tree '' moore , kevin robinson , michael murphy - guitar raymond jackson - bass , backing vocals philip field - keyboards , backing vocals barry eastman , bernie worrell , david frank - keyboards gary bartz - saxophone andy wallace - engineer charts singles '' juicy fruit '' the song '' juicy fruit '' is a staple hip-hop sample .
24	charts and certification personnel michael bruno - lead vocals , guitar jason rosen - vocals , guitar , keyboard andrew lee - vocals , bass alexander noyes - vocals , drums the jonas brothers lent their vocals to a number of tracks on this album .
12	he was asked to join fear factory in december 1993 as a bass player .
1	a bass with a rich , smooth and sonorous voice , he spent 22 seasons at new york 's metropolitan opera , appearing in more than 750 performances of 50 operas .
22	movements of the complete ballet the ballet is scored for 3 solo singers ( 1 soprano , 1 tenor , and 1 bass ) , 2 flutes ( 2nd doubling piccolo ) , 2 oboe , 2 bassoon , 2 horns in f , 1 trumpet in c , 1 trombone , a concertino of strings ( 2 violin , 1 viola , 1 cello , 1 contrabass ) , and the ripieno ( 8 violins , 4 violas , 3 celli , and 3 contrabasses ) .
26	the choir comprises sixteen boy choristers and sixteen girl choristers aged between 8 -- 13 years and six professional lay vicars singing countertenor , tenor and bass .
13	michele benedetti ( 17 october 1778 -- after 1828 ) was an italian bass particularly associated with rossini roles .
18	track listing personnel grant nicholas -- guitars , vocals , keyboards , percussion , production taka hirose -- bass karl brazil -- drums , percussion tim trotter -- drums on '' white lines '' , '' down to the river '' and '' fallen '' matt sime - production , engineering , mixing on '' city in a rut '' chris sheldon - mixing brian sperber - mixing on '' renegades '' and '' sentimental '' tom manning - assistant engineer ted jensen - mastering nigel walton - album sequencing nils leonard - art direction and design dean sherwood - photography basilio silva - photography release history it was released in japan by victor entertainment on june 30 , 2010 , and in the rest of the world through big teeth music on july 5 , 2010 .
38	the band formally split in 1985 , and since then two separate groups named racey exist , one featuring band member richard gower and the other featuring clive wilson , phil fursdon and pete miller , the original bass player .
26	side one side two credits band members robin zander -- lead vocals , rhythm guitar rick nielsen -- lead guitar , backing vocals tom petersson -- bass , backing vocals bun e. carlos -- drums production tomoo suzuki - recording engineer jay messina , jack douglas - mixing gary ladinsky , mike beriger - mastering sequel and re-issues budokan ii was released in february 1994 as a sequel of the first album , consisting of the remaining tracks from the concert not included on the original album and the tracks '' stiff competition '' , '' on top of the world '' , and '' how are you ?
9	the roots radics band was formed in 1978 by bass player errol '' flabba '' holt , guitarist eric '' bingy bunny '' lamont and drummer lincoln '' style '' scott .
27	track listings credits and personnel franco migliacci -- songwriter domenico modugno -- vocals , songwriter alberto semprini -- orchestra conductor sestetto azzurro -- musicians walter beduschi -- bass bruno de filippi -- guitar pupo de luca -- drums ebe mautino -- harp mario migliardi -- hammond organ alberto semprini -- piano credits adapted from discografia nazionale della canzone italiana .
11	verdi composed a setting for four unaccompanied voices , with the bass singing the scale first , followed by alto , tenor and soprano , whereas the three remaining voices supply harmonic texture .
16	in the play and the series , george manghan , a middle aged , debt ridden bass player in a jazz band , falls in love with the wealthy and much younger blonde singer terry , much to the distress of her father .
34	cast the lineup of the grateful dead at the time of the grateful dead movie was : jerry garcia on guitar and vocals , bob weir on guitar and vocals , phil lesh on bass , bill kreutzmann on drums , keith godchaux on keyboards , and donna godchaux on vocals .
20	the band consists of mark baker ( vocals ) , paolo di liberto ( synths ) , gareth milburn ( bass , synths ) and lee smith ( guitar , backing vocals ) .
6	doug marks is a guitar , bass , and guitar instructor .
3	terrance coleman - bass , keyboard , acoustic guitar michael fitzgerald - soprano , alto , and tenor saxophone , and keyboards ben monroe - drums and percussion brian white - acoustic guitar , electric guitar , and midi guitars , and keyboards in addition , several special guests made contributions to casino .
13	musician just another band tommy plays drums , piano , guitar , and bass , and produces his own music .
57	-- guitars , piano , backing vocals also in the supergroup the tokyo high black as lead guitarist '' mon marshy '' , with saga as '' tomorrow joe '' and musasaby ( nao from kagrra, ) , madao ( keiyu from kra ) , tako ( takuya from administrator ) and gey ( drums ) -- bass , vocals , synthesizer , keyboards also in the supergroup the tokyo high black as rhythm guitarist '' tomorrow joe '' , with tora as '' mon marshy '' .
10	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for soprano and bass vocal soloists , four-part choir , oboe , violin , and basso continuo .
25	during the australian leg of the tour , the band was composed of jay barclay on guitar , keyboard & vocals , dan horne on bass & vocals , and mark stepro continuing his previous roles .
20	'' additionally , thom bennet ( drums ) , rod olstad ( vocals and violin ) , taras zakordonski ( bass ) , and maria cherwick ( violin ) worked on '' big beet music .
3	samy maluenda , bass ( 2009 - • ) .
21	line-up last known membership davorin popović , singer slobodan a. kovačević , guitar sinan alimanović , keyboard organ fadil redžić , bass ranko rihtman , piano , keyboard instrument đorđe kisić , percussions following the band 's inception , various rotatings of drummers and keyboardists were made .
3	rené ruiz , bass , the founder and original director of the group .
9	at the close of the gala , the renowned bass feodor chaliapin read an emotional farewell speech in both italian and russian .
17	the band consisted of jeremy stanley on vocals , brian christensen on guitar , tom collins on bass and joshua zirbel on drums .
12	the recording featured the moonglows on backing vocals , willie dixon on bass , jody williams on guitar , along with bo diddley , clifton james on drums , jerome green playing the maraca , and little willie smith on harmonica .
19	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboe , two oboe d'amore , oboe da caccia , two violin , viola , violoncello and basso continuo .
8	band members care failure lead vocals geddy lee bass alex lifeson lead guitar ian thornley rhythm guitar , vocals jeff burrows drums adam gontier rhythm guitar , vocals in some live shows , geddy lee was replaced by andy curran , and adam gontier did n't play .
35	track listing line-up harry neger ( harold fossberg ) -- vocals brune neger ( rune grønn ) -- guitar max neger ( pål bøttger kjærnes ) - guitar bingo neger ( bengt calmeyer ) -- bass bongo neger ( thomas seltzer ) -- drums patch neger ( jonno howe ) - synthesized guitar wart neger ( craig leese ) - triangle miscellanea band name was spelled three different ways : turboneger ( disc ) , trbngr ( cover ) and turbonegro ( jewel case sticker ) .
18	track listing personnel napalm death mark greenway -- vocals mitch harris -- guitar , vocals shane embury -- bass , vocals danny herrera -- drums production napalm death -- arrangement , production russ russell -- production , engineering , mixing , mastering mick kenney -- outside illustration kevin sharp -- inside illustration carsten drescher -- layout hugo chevalier -- band photo ( herrera ) ccphotoart .
91	1 from 1983 's butthole surfers 2 from 1984 's live pcppep , recorded live at san antonio , texas ' the meridian on march 25 , 1984 3 previously unreleased recordings from the meridian show 4 bonus track 5 demo personnel gibby haynes -- lead vocals ( tracks 2 , 5 -- 8 , 12 -- 13 , 15 -- 17 ) , saxophone paul leary -- guitar , lead vocals ( tracks 1 , 3 -- 4 , 9 , 11 , 14 , 18 ) bill jolly -- bass ( tracks 1 -- 16 , 18 , 17 ?
22	'' that eulogy ends with a distinctive drum machine pattern and then quickly becomes a hard rock number with heavy guitar , bass and synthesizers .
19	it incorporates four instruments : keyboard instrument ( a piano , an organ and synthesizer ) , guitar , bass and drums , and includes a choir performance made by the tuff session singers .
8	biography the band consisted of chin injeti on bass , ivana santilli on keyboards , and mc mystic ( roger mooking ) on percussion .
46	important jazz concert appearances at the town hall include the june 22 , 1945 concert featuring dizzy gillespie , on trumpet ; charlie parker , on alto saxophone ; don byas , on tenor saxophone ; al haig , on piano ; curley russell , on bass , and max roach , on drums ( with '' big '' sid catlett substituting for roach on a few titles ) which provided the public with its first mainstream exposure to the quickly evolving style of jazz that came to be popularly known as bebop .
19	they were formed around 2009 by marino bursić on guitar , branko crnogorcić on drums , marko kalcić on bass and roberta paljar on keyboards .
1	personnel bass - verdine white co-producer - charles stepney drums - fred white , maurice white , ralph johnson engineer - george massenburg flute , saxophone - andrew p. woolfolk guitar - al mckay , johnny graham kalimba - maurice white percussion - al mckay , fred white , maurice white , philip bailey , ralph johnson , verdine white piano , organ , synthesizer ( moog ) - larry dunn producer - maurice white vocals - maurice white , philip bailey , verdine white charts accolades the information regarding accolades attributed to that 's the way of the world is adapted from acclaimedmusic.net , soultracks.com and www.rockhall.com .
36	vic bondi ( articles of faith ) recording a live album in germany ( 1992 ) personnel articles of faith ( band ) vic bondi - guitar , vocals joe scudari - guitar dave shield - bass , vocals dorian taskbasksh - guitar virus x - drum tobby holzinger - producer liner notes by vic bondi this is the last recording of articles of faith ( band ) .
15	track listing personnel keith morris - lead vocals greg hetson - guitar zander schloss - bass , guitar , sitar keith clark - drums , backing vocals dix denney - guitar suzi gardner - backing vocals debbie gibson - backing vocals ( on '' i wanna destroy you '' ) niko bolas - producer , engineer , mixing john paterno - engineer brian soucy - assistant engineer paul q. kolderie - remixing sean slade - remixing mary hogan - production coordination darrin ehardt - art direction , design miscellanea track 5 , '' i wanna destroy you , '' a cover of a song by the soft boys , features backing vocals from pop singer/songwriter deborah gibson , who had just wrapped up a solo album with the same producer the circle jerks were using , at the time they were recording the album .
20	session work since inception of quasi coomes has done much recording work with other bands , mostly on keyboards and bass .
17	david hayes was a seasoned performer , having been part of the caledonia soul orchestra and played bass on common one and into the music .
17	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for four soloists -- soprano , alto , tenor and bass -- a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , three oboe , two violin , viola , violoncello piccolo da spalla and basso continuo .
17	the participants were alf ( song ) , harald ( song , mandolin ) , elä ( bass ) , steffe ( guitar ) , björn ( drums ) , totte ( banjo ) , karin ( accordion ) , majje ( whistle ) , viktor ( trombone ) , rikard ( trumpet ) and martin ( saxophone ) .
41	singles track listing personnel musicians chris jericho ( credited as moongoose mcqueen ) -- lead vocals rich ward ( credited as duke larüe ) -- guitar , backing vocals dan dryden ( credited as shawn '' sports '' pop ) -- bass , backing vocals frank fontsere ( credited as kk laflame ) -- drums ryan mallam ( credited as the kidd ) -- guitar additional musicians butch walker ( marvelous 3 ) - guitar solo and additional vocals on '' over the mountain '' .
35	band members mike wiebe ( '' teko buller '' or '' wookie sensation '' ) - vocals fadi el-assad ( '' freddy castro '' ) - lead guitar ian mcdougall - guitar rob marchant - bass ian walling - drums previous members have included bassist pat lillard ( '' spider '' ) , guitarist jeremy diaz ( '' smokey '' ) , guitarist colin jones ( '' colin ambulance '' ) , drummer chris adams ( '' tuffy mckeller '' ) , drummer luke abbey , drummer jesse hamilton ( '' jesse 3x '' ) and drummer sam keir ( '' about that '' ) .
8	marie roze was married first to the operatic bass , jule e. perkins .
18	personnel patrick currier - vocals karl bareham - guitar chris moorhead - guitar / keys alex leeder - bass steven durham - drums george fafalios - director , editing hannah clayton - costume mark fafalios , lewis jones - gaffer .
24	william herbert '' lum '' york , ( november 16 , 1918 august 15 , 2004 ) was a musician best known as the bass player in hank williams drifting cowboys from 1944 1949 .
5	) was a german operatic bass .
11	personnel jimi hendrix guitar , vocals mitch mitchell drums billy cox bass literature brigitte tast , hans-jürgen tast : fehmarn - das regen-festival .
4	he performed vocals , bass , guitar , bones , mandolin , fiddle , accordion and harmonica .
28	track listing and writing credits personnel guy sebastian -- vocals , producer , background vocal arrangements steve cropper -- guitar , producer donald '' duck '' dunn -- bass steve potts -- drums lester snell -- piano , keys , horn arrangements rick steff -- organ jim spake -- tenor saxophone kirk smothers -- baritone saxophone scott thompson -- trumpet howard lamb -- trombone susan marshall -- background vocals jackie johnson -- background vocals carl dimatago -- additional guitar parts curry weber -- recording engineer alan burcham -- assistant engineer steve greenwell -- mixing engineer credits taken from the memphis album liner notes .
17	line-up steve hogarth - keyboards , programming , lead vocals colin woore - guitars ferg harper - bass , lead vocals geoff dugmore - drums history in 1980 , a scottish band called motion pictures ( consisting of harper , woore , dugmore ) moved to london and advertised for a keyboard player .
12	current members consist of frontman chris o'connor , who performs vocals and bass ; percussion tim lauterio ; and luke mcauliffe , who contributes various additional instrumentation ( guitars , violins , piano ) as well as much of the art that has appeared on the band 's albums and website .
12	kiko lalonde ( born september 27 , 1972 ) is an italian bass player .
10	this is the first excel recording with shaun ross on bass and greg saenz on drums , and also the only one that includes its homonym song .
21	band members ; last line-up keith emerson - keyboards ( 1988 1989 ) robert berry - lead vocals , guitar , bass ( 1988 1989 ) carl palmer - drums , percussion ( 1988 1989 ) live members paul keller -- guitars ( 1988 1989 ) jennifer steele -- backing vocals ( 1988 1989 ) discography studio albums single bootlegs 1988 : live in the city 1998 : howdown in ritz !
24	track listing personnel andrew huffstetler -- lead vocals , trombone , floor tom mark hughes ( credited as '' badnwz hughes '' ) -- bass , backing vocals mike rudnicki ( credited as '' robonicki '' ) -- guitar , backing vocals steven barnett -- drums , room evacuator ( re1 ) , and misc .
22	personnel ; tracks 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 horace silver piano carmell jones trumpet joe henderson tenor saxophone teddy smith bass roger humphries drums ; tracks 3 , 6-10 horace silver piano blue mitchell trumpet exc .
3	griffin was the bass player and founder member of early 1990s indie punk band , ned 's atomic dustbin , who had 5 top 40 hit single and a top 5 album godfodder which sold more than half a million copies in 1990 .
31	most of the musicians parham played with are not well known in their own right , though cornet punch miller , banjo papa charlie jackson , saxophone player junie cobb and bass milt hinton are exceptions .
18	song information and release the song 's original version with only arie singing featured acoustic guitar and prominent bass over a midtempo drum track .
24	songs from martin st has carus thompson on vocals and guitar , jason mcgann from john butler trio on drums and noel manyam on bass .
32	roles don quichotte , haute-contre jean-antoine bérard sancho pança , taille ( baritenor ) louis-antoine cuvilliers altisidore , soprano marie fel peasant girl , soprano mlle bourbonnois woman , soprano duke , bass merlin , basse-taille ( bass-baritone ) person montésinos , basse-taille albert japanese man , basse-taille person japanese woman , soprano marie fel enchanted lovers , sopranos mlles clairon and gondré ballerinas , marie anne de cupis de camargo and mimi dallemand male dancers , david dumoulin , louis dupré and jean-barthélemy lany synopsis the opera is based upon an episode in the cervantes novel don quixote , in which a duke and duchess amuse themselves by creating an elaborate ruse to fool the title character .
53	the soprano is a female who continuously has no luck when it comes to men ; the alto is depicted as a female who has suddenly abandoned her lover ; the tenor is portrayed as a male who is selfish and irresponsible when it comes to sexual relationships with women ; and the bass is one who is hopelessly in love with his married lover .
14	there is also a barrelhouse piano part played by paul griffin , a raunchy bass part played by harvey brooks , an electric guitar part played by mike bloomfield and an unusual harmonica part .
19	he graduated from eldad high school in netanya and began to play the piano , guitar , drums and bass .
10	personnel phil ehart - percussion , drums dave hope - bass kerry livgren - guitar , keyboard robby steinhardt - violin , backing vocals , lead vocals on '' bringing it back '' and '' down the road .
6	biography in 1861 he sang first bass in several philadelphia musical societies .
11	instead , he used the model from bwv 215 for the bass aria erleucht ' auch meine finstre sinnnen in part v. similarly , the opening chorus to part v , ehre sei dir gott !
21	harry mcgilberry ( january 19 , 1950 april 3 , 2006 ) was an american b and soul singer and latter-day bass singer for the temptations between 1995 and 2003 .
43	the musicians on the band 's second album , better luck ( 1981 ) , were : tito larriva ( lead vocals / guitar ) charlie quintana ( drums ) ( credited as '' chalo quintana '' ) guests : gustavo santaolalla ( bass / guitar / charango / backing vocals ) anibal kerpel ( keyboards ) steve berlin ( saxophone ) bruce fowler ( trombone ) steve fowler ( saxophone ) brian qualls ( piano ) tony marsico joined the band in late 1980 , and steven hufsteter began playing lead guitar with the group in 1984 .
12	philip neil murray ( born 27 august 1950 ) is a scottish bass player , best known for his work in whitesnake , the brian may band , black sabbath and with gary moore .
10	people 's artist of the ussr ( 1974 ) ; bass soloist .
37	murray recruited john fahnestock , whom he had worked with on lo-pro 's first album lo-pro prior to fahnestock leaving during the six-year gap to their second album , the beautiful sounds of revenge , as a bass player .
16	credits roger miret -- vocals , guitar rhys kill -- guitar , vocals brian darwas -- bass , vocals luke rota -- drum al barr -- guest vocals on '' once were warriors '' lars frederiksen -- guest vocals on '' roots rockin ' roll '' patricia day -- guest vocals on '' r.f.f.r. '' kim nekroman -- guitar on '' r.f.f.r. '' vic ruggiero -- piano on '' warning !
10	even more importantly , he appeared with the famous russia bass feodor chaliapin in productions of faust at the royal opera house , covent garden , london , in july 1928 .
19	127 ( persian : ١٢٧ ) is an iran five piece band -- guitar , piano , trombone , bass and drums -- with roots in iranian melodies and jazz with an alternative sound .
18	musical style yuko hara on keyboards during the southern all-stars ' 30th anniversary concert kuwata plays guitar , bass , drums and keyboards .
14	'' personnel ; the jimi hendrix experience jimi hendrix vocals , guitar noel redding bass mitch mitchell drums , brush chas chandler production eddie kramer engineering cover versions '' up from the skies '' has been cover by a number of artists , mainly on cover and tribute album .
5	he is known for his bass singing voice .
3	brown also played bass on '' oil and gasoline '' .
14	on april 13 , 2009 , the band announced that aj drums and eric bass would be leaving the band in order to spend more time with their families and other responsibilities .
9	rob swire -- synthesiser , mixing gareth mcgrillen -- bass peredur ap gwynedd -- guitar paul kodish -- drums christopher mayhew -- talkbox vocals simon askew -- mixing john davis -- mastering video personnel the following people contributed to the music video for '' the other side '' .
18	track listing bonus tracks personnel anja orthodox - vocal , lyrics paweł pieczyński - guitar krzysztof najman - bass piotr pawłowski - drums michał rollinger - keyboards zbigniew bieniak - backing vocals violetta '' fiolka '' najdenowicz - backing vocals music - closterkeller .
15	career kongshaug started playing the accordion ( 1950 ) , guitar ( 1958 ) and bass ( 1964 ) .
6	stephen milling is a danish opera bass who has had an active international career since the mid-1990s .
36	personnel neither d'arcy wretzky nor her replacement melissa auf der maur were present at the recording , leaving only three of the four core members active in the band at the beginning and end , so bass duties were handled by billy corgan as can be seen in the aforementioned '' studio '' video .
14	hoskyns describes the music as being '' set to an insistent , crudely funky bass pulse .
12	john lennon - vocals , lead guitar paul mccartney - vocals , bass george harrison - rhythm guitar ringo starr - drums the former beatles member , pete best , also released a cover of the song on his 1965 album , '' best of the beatles '' .
3	simon harrison - bass .
2	as a bass singer , he sang for instance jan blockx 's song ons vaderland in 1897 on the forbidden flemish demonstration in the belgian capital , brussels .
5	i. am drum programming , bass , clavinet , organ , keyboards - will .
17	personnel original jon anderson : vocals steve howe : gibson les paul guitar chris squire : rickenbacker bass and vocals rick wakeman : polymoog synthesizer alan white : vibraphone and crotales orchestral not listed .
34	boucher co-wrote several songs and appears on dawson wells ' debut album re : no subject , for which she played instruments , including drums , guitar , piano and keyboards , tambourine and bass .
13	in 1970 , dave torbert replaced phil lesh as the new riders ' bass player , and spencer dryden replaced mickey hart on drums .
16	personal information date of birth : 16 july 1981 from : riihimäki , finland instrument : bass influences : dream theater , angra , mr. bungle , testament , faith no more , and cynic .
32	roles major-general stanley ( comic baritone ) the pirate king ( bass-baritone ) samuel , his lieutenant ( baritone ) frederic , the pirate apprentice ( tenor ) sergeant of police ( bass ) general stanley 's daughters : catherine ferguson ( kate ) , nellie briercliffe ( edith ) , and ella milne ( isabel ) , 1920 ruth , a piratical maid of all work ( contralto ) chorus of pirates , police and general stanley 's daughters synopsis ; act i on the coast of cornwall , at the time of queen victoria 's reign , frederic celebrates the completion of his twenty-first year and the end of his apprenticeship to a gentlemanly band of pirates ( '' pour , oh pour the pirate sherry '' ) .
20	the band has its own distinctive sound , particularly distinguished by lead melodic roles being filled by button-key accordion and bass along with the vocal , and has received substantial critical notice through the years .
30	rolling stones version mick jagger - lead vocals , tambourine keith richards - rhythm acoustic guitar , backing vocals brian jones - harpsichord , lead acoustic guitar bill wyman - bass it 's also on the 1972 compilation more hot rocks ( big hits & fazed cookies ) .
28	afterwards , bearer would spend some time in southern california before returning to new york , where he reformed sheer terror with blake , adding mark neuman on bass and jason martin on drums .
46	track listing all songs written by jonathan byrd unless indicated otherwise '' livers & gizzards '' ( hidden tracks/outtakes available as wav files on the cd release ) credits musicians : jonathan byrd -- guitar & vocals john showman -- fiddle & vocals brian kobayakawa -- bass & vocals andrew collins -- mandolin & vocals chris quinn -- banjo & vocals treasa levasseur -- piano , accordion & vocals ken whitely -- national steel & vocals production : produced -- jonathan byrd executive producers -- ed & jand grant , jim & brenda prescott recorded -- ken whitely & nik tjelios at casa wroxton , toronto , ontario , november 23 , 2009 mixed -- jonathan byrd & jerry brown at the bonus room , hillsborough , north carolina , & the rubber room , chapel hill , north carolina baby photo -- darling art , ( darling-art .
3	lucas haley ( bass , vocals ) portrays mr. filibuster , a crewman who formerly sailed with the royal navy .
19	track listing personnel ; communic oddleif stensland -- lead vocals , lead guitar , rhythm guitar erik mortensen -- bass tor atle andersen -- drums ; production recorded , mixed , and mastered by jacob hansen at hansen studios , denmark .
49	band members ; current members -- lead vocals ( 1985 -- present ) , drums ( 1983 -- 1985 ) -- lead guitar , vocals , backing vocals , theremin ( 1983 -- present ) -- rhythm guitar , backing vocals , keyboards ( 1983 -- present ) -- bass ( 1983 -- present ) -- drums , percussion ( 1985 -- present ) although they use different surnames , toll and yutaka are brothers .
24	( pentangle drummer terry cox added drums on the october 8 sessions ) personnel barry gibb - lead vocal , guitar maurice gibb - bass , piano , organ , guitar , backing vocal terry cox - drums chart performance cover versions in the early 1970s , spanish band los mustang did a cover version called '' aio , aio ( que se mueran los feos ) '' .
20	a live version of the song was included in the making of tokyo paranesian video ; with added drums and bass sections ( played by hirasawa 's live band members wataru kamiryo and toshihiko '' bob '' takahashi ) ; unlike other songs in the video , hirasawa plays synthesizer instead of guitar ( although takanori '' taka '' yamaguchi , hirasawa 's live band keyboardist , continued to play keyboard ) ; in this version , a verse of the song is skipped and hirasawa made images in the projection screen with a flashlight , while space sounds were played ; nature footage is played in the projection screen during the early parts of the song , other footage played on the screen during the latter parts of the song includes fire , rotating circles and a mandala .
39	critical reception brian wahlert of country standard time criticized some of the songs on 4 runner for '' cop ( ying ) the worst pop elements '' of the oak ridge boys , but said that the presence of bass singer jim chapman gave the material a '' fresh sound .
11	on tour with the shadows , lordan demonstrated the tune to bass player jet harris , reportedly picking out the tune on a ukelele as confirmed by the shadows on bbc radio 2 documentary '' out of the shadows .
20	scoring and structure the work in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , four trombone , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
19	members current members alan and alex alexander johnson - lead vocals ( 2009 -- present ) alan poettcker - bass , vocals ( 2009 -- present ) matt vink - keys/synth , backing vocals ( 2009 -- present ) joe porter - guitar , backing vocals ( 2009 -- present ) joshua '' gypsy '' mcdaniel - guitar , backing vocals ( 2009 -- present ) josh mitchinson - drums ( 2009 -- present ) history formation and jumpstart alex and alan knew each other from high school , where they wrote songs together .
13	the speaker received positive reviews with particular praise devoted to the reproduction of bass and sub-bass .
34	uk cd : ape cd 014 personnel andy partridge -- instruments and vocals on all tracks dave gregory - sitar guitar and mellotron on 19 ian gregory - drums on 19 colin moulding - bass on 19 credits all songs were recorded at andy 's home except 19 , partly recorded at idea studio , wiltshire .
21	members nifelheim live in 2006 hellbutcher ( per '' pelle '' gustavsson ) - vocals tyrant ( erik gustavsson ) - bass discography 1993 - unholy death ( demo ) 1994 - nifelheim 1997 - devil 's force 1997 - headbangers against disco vol .
14	later , he discovered acoustic guitar and his ` first love ' , the bass , and went on to form bands also playing led zeppelin-esque tracks .
16	trio : harry connick , jr. ( vocals , piano ) ; benjamin jonah wolfe ( bass ) ; shannon powell ( drums ) .
32	track listing versions ; united states 7 '' ; united kingdom 12 '' ; germany 12 '' personnel dave mustaine - guitar , lead vocals jeff young - guitar david ellefson - bass , backing vocals chuck behler - drums additional personnel steve jones ( sex pistols ) - guitar solo green jellÿ cover green jellÿ 's version of '' anarchy in the u.k. '' is a parody cover of the original .
16	scoring and structure the cantata i six movemets is scored for alto , tenor , and bass soloists , a four-part choir , trumpet , two oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
23	it is composed of david larson ( vocals , guitar and keyboard ) , filip bekic ( guitar ) , robert magnus ( bass ) and frans povel ( drums ) .
15	barth launched babyface around the same time , with colorado drummer bobby miles , california bass mike turpin , and wisconsin keyboardist edgar riley , jr . this band went through a few member changed and recorded their first and only record for now-defunct asi records .
21	track listing musicians nikolaj brinkmann - lead guitar jakob mølbjerg - rhythm guitar henrik '' kral '' andersen - vocals , bass rasmus jacobsen - drums guest appearances irene poulsen : : vocals on horizon and sister jane .
40	colin allen , drum ( born colin eric allen , 9 may 1938 , bournemouth , dorset ; ex - zoot money 's big roll band and john mayall 's bluesbreakers , later performed with focus ) james dewar , bass ( born james dewer , 12 october 1942 glasgow ; died 16 may 2002 ; later performed and sang with robin trower 's band ) john mcginnis , keyboards the band 's first two album were recorded by the above line-up , with bell 's vocals '' reminiscent of janis joplin '' .
6	the members were lisa cook on bass , daryl stanislaw on drums , lyndon holmes on guitar and vocals , and ellyott on lead vocals and guitar ; ellyott was the main singer and song writer of israeli band pollyanaa frank , one of israel 's most important alternative bands .
8	ii only ( replaceable by 4th clarinet ) bass solo , mvt .
21	two of schikaneder 's blood relatives were also his professional associates : urban schikaneder ( 1746 -- 1818 ) , a bass , was emanuel 's older brother .
15	dan hay ( guitar ) joined ottawa band amos the transparent , alex newman ( bass ) moved to london , ontario to start his new band , the bad ideas .
11	personnel ben weasel - lead vocals , guitar mike dirnt - bass , backing vocals jughead - guitar dan panic - drums gretchen smear - backing vocals on '' johnny are you queer ?
51	psychostick is a humorcore band founded in 2000 , currently consisting of rob '' rawrb '' kersey ( lead vocals ) , josh '' the j '' key ( guitar / vocals ) , alex '' shmalex '' dontre ( drums ) , and matty j '' poolemoose '' rzemyk ( bass / vocals ) .
13	while guster 's studio albums included more instrumental variety ( e.g. violin , bass , drum kit ) , its live shows generally retained the same line-up until tours supporting its album lost and gone forever , in which the band diversified by playing different instruments on some songs .
8	joe preston joined the band briefly , playing bass and sampler .
14	track listing personnel keith morris - vocals greg hetson - guitar zander schloss - bass keith clark - drums karat faye - producer , engineer eddy schreyer - mastering edward j. repka - design mark weinberg - art direction gary leonard - photography miscellanea track 9 , '' fortunate son '' , is a creedence clearwater revival cover .
25	scoring the work is scored for three vocal soloists in the roles narrator , tenor schlendrian ( literally : stick in the mud ) , bass lieschen , his daughter , soprano .
31	davis assembled his first regular quintet to meet a commitment at the café bohemia in july with sonny rollins on tenor saxophone , red garland on piano , paul chambers on bass , and philly joe jones on drums .
13	richard anthony sterban ( born april 24 , 1943 ) is an american bass singer born in camden , new jersey , who joined the country and gospel quartet the oak ridge boys in 1972 .
17	matthew moses brunson is the guitarist for sludge metal band crowbar , replacing steve gibb , and bass player for kingdom of sorrow .
24	track listing personnel band members manne ikonen -- vocals tommi kiviniemi -- guitar wille naukkarinen -- guitar veli-matti suihkonen -- drums janne julin -- bass guests aleksi munter -- keyboards fredrik nordin -- guest vocals production produced by mikko kartano at seawolf studios , helsinki , finland .
20	after the second chorus , springsteen plays a substantial harmonica solo , high in the mix , as drums and bass from steve jordan and producer brendan o'brien kick in .
24	members kent norberg : lead vocals , guitar chips kiesbye : lead vocals , guitar hans gäfvert : keyboards , samples heikki kiviaho : bass , backing vocals michael solén : drums discography albums wanna start a fire !
15	jimmy recca ( born 1949 ) is an american musician best known as a former bass player in the stooges via an incarnation that existed from early 1971 until their first break-up on july 9 , 1971 .
42	members current members reagan jones - vocals , songwriting , keyboards andrew sega - keyboards , guitar , programming , production former members matthew morris - keyboards , programming , production additional touring members ned kirby ( stromkern ) - keyboards , bass brian pearson - guitars blitz carthey - drums discography studio albums disconnect ( 1999 ) awakening ( 2003 ) wrath ( 2005 ) blacklight ( 2010 ) radiant ( 2014 ) other albums reconnect ( 2003 ) - remix album , accompaniment to disconnect .
14	in music , satb is an initialism for soprano , alto , tenor , bass , defining the voices required by a chorus or choir to perform a particular musical work .
19	track listing personnel lester young : tenor saxophone jesse drakes : trumpet earl knight : piano aaron bell : bass lee abrahams : percussion count basie orchestra sources gridley , mark c. jazz styles : history & analysis .
15	deal was the only person to respond , but arrived at the audition without a bass as she had never played the instrument before .
20	the current line-up is james taylor ( hammond organ ) , chris montague ( guitar ) , andrew mckinney ( bass ) and adam betts ( drums ) , although recordings and live performances usually feature a horn section comprising john willmott ( tenor sax / flute ) and nick smart ( trumpet ) , and also vocalist yvonne yanney .
29	in his career he has recorded 37 albums as a leader and has a group '' the doky brothers '' , which includes his brother chris minh doky on bass .
1	personnel bass -- munja mitić drums -- šeki gayton rhythm ) -- sejo sexon guitar ( solo ) -- mujo snažni lead vocals -- dr. nele karajlić organ , keyboards -- seid mali karajlić saxophone , flute -- ogi gajić rerelease the album was re-released in 1999 by nimfa sound label from sarajevo .
15	2 cd maxi single credits and personnel vocals : nina persson guitar : peter svensson bass : magnus sveningsson guitar : lars-olof johansson drums : bengt lagerberg recorded at country hell , skurup , sweden producer : tore johansson , peter collins engineer : tore johansson , peter collins , john holbrook , janne waldenmark assistant engineer : lars göransson , jim caruana recording engineer : tore johansson audio mixing : tore johansson mixing assistant : jim caruana mastering by : roger jonsson charts appearances the music appeared in the intro video of the '' arcade '' game of gran turismo 2 ( playstation , except japanese version ) , in the unreleased beta of , and in the european version of band hero .
14	'' history ezo consisted of masaki yamada ( vocals ) , taro takahashi ( bass ) , shoyo iida ( guitar ) and hiro homma ( drums ) .
29	for many of those concerts , their band had the lineup featured on this album -- saunders on keyboards , garcia on guitar and vocals , john kahn on bass , and bill vitt on drums .
14	track listing credits syu : guitar , backing vocals yama-b : vocals yu-to : bass junichi : drums yuhki : keyboards , hammond organ chart performance the album reached number 55 on the oricon album charts .
12	in elementary and junior high school , she learned the trumpet and bass .
19	side one side two personnel keith west - vocals steve howe - guitar john '' junior '' wood - bass john '' twink '' alder - percussion mark p. wirtz - keyboard production : mark p. wirtz with engineers : geoff emerick , peter bown \* 1976 harvest edition in 1976 , harvest records ( another emi label ) re-issued the album as part of its harvest heritage series , with catalogue number shsm-2010 .
19	he played the drums for six months in a blues band with his friends , and he also played bass and guitar and sang backing vocals in a cover band .
34	since its inception , the band has comprised singers jānis šipkēvics , andris sējāns ( both countertenor ) , juris lisenko ( tenor ) , jānis ozols ( baritone ) , jānis strazdiņš ( bass ) and reinis sējāns ( rhythm ) .
6	credits justin currie -- vocals , bass , acoustic guitars iain harvie -- guitar david cummings -- guitar andy alston -- keyboard chris sharrock -- drums , percussion frazer spiers -- harmonica on '' food for songs '' david mccluskey -- violin on '' one thing left to do '' , '' smatterings of percussion '' martin ditcham -- '' smatterings of percussion '' singles '' roll to me '' became their most popular song in the us , peaking at no. 10 on the hot 100 chart .
21	entimio polonini alessandro polonini 's father , entimio polonini ( born circa 1820 ) , was also an opera singer ( bass ) who sang in italy , paris , st. petersburg and london .
35	choral and vocal forces the choral and vocal forces consist of two satb choirs , a children 's choir , and eight soloists : three soprano , two alto , tenor , baritone , and bass .
59	the spoken announcement by pee wee marquette is sampled in the us3 song '' cantaloop ( flip fantasia ) '' track listing bonus tracks on 2001 cd reissue originally on a night at birdland vol . 3 : personnel art blakey quintet : art blakey -- drums clifford brown -- trumpet lou donaldson -- alto saxophone curley russell -- bass horace silver -- piano production : bob bluementhal , leonard feather -- liner notes michael cuscuna -- reissue producer john hermansader or reid miles -- cover design alfred lion -- producer ron mcmaster -- digital transfers ( 1987 ) rudy van gelder -- engineer , mastering ( 1954 and 2001 ) francis wolff -- photography reception the two albums that were released from the birdland sessions are considered by the penguin guide to jazz to be part of their '' core collection .
26	the new band consisted of pekka kokko performing vocals and guitar , antti kokko on lead guitar , pasi hiltula on keyboards , altti veteläinen on bass , and petri sankala on drums .
25	the band consists of anders fernette ( vocals ) , håkan fredriksson ( keyboard ) , per lidén ( guitar ) , jimmy lundin ( bass ) and marcus nowak ( drums ) .
11	he joined musicians laval belle on drums , reggie mcbride playing bass , and joellen friedkin on keyboards to perform fourteen songs , some from each of his albums .
10	the current band members and positions are jan müller ( bass ) , arne zank ( drums ) , dirk von lowtzow ( rhythm guitar , vocals ) , and , since 2004 , rick mcphail ( lead guitar , keyboard ) .
24	the album features longstreth on guitar and vocals , amber coffman on vocals and guitar , brian mcomber on drums , nat baldwin on bass , and susanna waiche on vocals .
12	each member was a multi-instrumentalist and they shared duties on guitar , bass , percussion , keyboards .
12	a native of prairie view , texas , booker was a reliable bass player and an underrated stylist .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir only for the closing chorale , oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
7	jack bruce joined the group to provide bass and vocals on its second album , turn it over , released in 1970 .
24	'' credits and personnel britney spears -- lead vocals and background vocals bloodshy & avant -- songwriting , mixing , programming , keyboards , bass and guitar henrik jonback -- songwriting and guitar kasia livingston -- songwriting and background vocals credits adapted from circus liner notes .
5	jason viebrooks jason viebrooks played bass on the first two albums before his departure .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is festively scored for four soloists , soprano , alto , tenor and bass , a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
8	it is still used on reissue guitar and bass models from that era .
21	the band was started by ivar bowitz ( guitar and vocals ) , but now also consists of martin bowitz on bass , stian hansen on drums , torbjørn hafnor on guitar , catharina sletner ( on synthesizers and vocals ) , and martin smådal larsen on guitar .
28	limited edition dvd line-up mikkel sandager - vocals jakob mølbjerg - guitars martin buus - lead guitars morten sandager - keys mike park - drums special guest appearances bass on album -- jacob hansen guest vocals on redefine me -- björn '' speed '' strid ( from soilwork ) guest vocals on soul decision -- marcus bischoff ( from heaven shall burn ) credits all music written and arranged by mercenary .
45	the wizard then predicts that the message will arrive in the mind of another minstrel at the end of the 20th century ... track listing personnel ayreon arjen anthony lucassen - vocals ( tracks 7 , 10 , 11 & 15 ) , guitar , bass , keyboards , synthesizer , drums , percussion , timpani , audio mixing , sleeve design & photography vocals barry hay on '' sail away to avalon .
29	2nd era ( 1989-1999 ) the second leg of the tour was made into an aptly titled vhs , '' pirata tour '' , and featured roberto terzani on bass , daniele trambusti on drums and candelo cabezas on percussions besides pelù , renzulli and aiazzi .
57	dvd track listing classic songs the millennium bell songs special features '' art in heaven '' -- oldfield 's 13-minute solo '' the making of ... '' -- documentary interview with mike oldfield personnel mike oldfield -- guitar robyn smith -- conductor adrian thomas -- keyboards , guitars claire nicolson -- keyboards , guitar carrie melbourne -- bass , chapman stick fergus gerrand -- drum , percussions jody linscott -- percussions pepsi demacque -- vocals miriam stockley -- vocals nicola emmanuelle -- vocals david serame -- vocals also symphony orchestra state academic capella , saint petersburg the glinka state choir , saint petersburg production gert hof -- director egon banghard -- producer achim perleberg -- producer sight & sound version on 30 june 2008 warner re-released the concert in a cd and dvd double pack as a part of their sight & sound , classic performance live range .
14	he performed all the rhythm and lead guitar work simultaneously , while adams played bass and the third band member , mickey curry , played drums .
31	instrumentally , the album would also feature contributions from sugar hill drummer , keith leblanc ( also tackhead and on-u sound ) , doug wimbish ( also notable for having playing bass as part of the sugar hill backing band , for acts like grandmaster flash ) , and guitarist skip mcdonald ( also on-u sound ) .
17	the band was founded by michael '' elf '' mayer ( guitar ) , eddi räther ( bass ) and ball ( peter wodok -- drums ) .
12	khan has also been noted for being an instrumentalist playing drums and bass , she also provided percussion during her tenure with rufus .
4	páll ivan pálsson -- bass .
113	'' credits and personnel ; recording and mixing recorded at jungle city studios , new york city ; doppler studios , atlanta , georgia ; glenwood place studios , burbank , california ; instrument zoo , miami , florida ; mixed at larrabee sound studio , universal city , california ; personnel songwriting -- rico love , salaam remi , terry lewis , usher raymond iv production -- salaam remi co-producer -- rico love mixing -- manny marroquin mixing assistants -- chris galland , delbert bowers recording -- gleyder '' gee '' disla , mark '' exit '' goodchild recording assistants -- alex fremin , jacob dennis , max unruh , ramon rivas bass , keyboards , guitar , drums -- salaam remi saxophone -- vincent henry strings -- czech film orchestra credits adapted from the liner notes of looking 4 myself , rca records .
11	in 1982 margita stefanović ( keyboards ) , bojan pečar ( bass ) and ivan vdović vd joined the band .
14	style while '' tender '' is a piano driven ballad , with guitar and bass effects driving the song along at the same time and the drums acting as a backbone of the songs musical structure , '' shatter '' is somewhat far removed from the latter .
59	'' track listing ; side one ; side two personnel the doobie brothers tom johnston -- guitar , lead vocals on '' turn it loose '' and vocal on '' wheels of fortune '' patrick simmons -- guitar , vocals jeff '' skunk '' baxter -- guitar , steel guitar michael mcdonald -- keyboards , vocals tiran porter -- bass , vocals , lead vocal on '' for someone special '' john hartman -- drums keith knudsen -- drums , vocals johnston rejoined the band late in the sessions and thus does not appear on most of the album .
20	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for four soloists -- soprano , alto , tenor and bass -- a four-part choir , two oboe , two violin , viola , viola da gamba and basso continuo .
31	violet town 's members were wayne ( buz ) hissock on guitar and vocals , warren pitts on keyboards and vocals , peter van on drums , and luke blackburn on bass and vocals .
8	he joined uk reggae outfit jah warriors as bass player and toured with lee perry , mikey dread and aswad .
14	track listing personnel stuart murdoch - vocals , guitar , keyboard stuart david - bass , vocals isobel campbell - cello , vocals , guitar chris geddes - keyboards , piano richard colburn - drums stevie jackson - guitar , vocals sarah martin - violin mick cooke - trumpet ian mackay - bagpipes on '' sleep the clock around '' appearances in film the instrumental of the title track '' the boy with the arab strap '' was later used as the theme tune for the television show teachers .
26	hake went on to be a founder member of 18 wheeler , signed to creation records in the early 1990s , and continued to contribute occasional bass until they split in 1998 .
27	band history formation the hippos formed in los angeles , california in 1995 with a lineup of ariel rechtshaid on vocals and guitar , james bairian on bass , louis castle on trumpet , rich zahniser and danny rukasin on trombone , and kyle briggs on drums .
8	he is considered one of the greatest contemporary bass singer in russia .
8	beginning pianissimo , the voices build chords from bass to soprano .
18	track listing personnel whiplasher bernadotte - vocals nightmare industries - guitar , keyboards , electronics skinny disco - bass bone w. machine '' öhman - drums guest performer : ann ekberg - female vocals ( on '' tongues '' and '' the greatest fight on earth '' ) production produced by nightmare industries .
12	track listing performers dr. frank -- vocals , guitar aaron rubin -- bass alex laipeneiks -- drums album information produced , engineered , and mixed by kevin army mastered by john golden at k-disc in hollywood , california recorded at sound and vision studios in san francisco , california , dancing dog studios in emeryville , california , and smooth papa 's studios in berkeley , california .
3	music field contributed bass and vocals in the band rodriguez with m. ward and mike funk .
19	track listings personnel tarja turunen vocals tuomas holopainen keyboard and piano emppu vuorinen guitar jukka nevalainen drums marco hietala bass , vocals london philharmonic orchestra - orchestra and chorus video directed by uwe boll , '' wish i had an angel '' was the last video from once and it features some scenes from the 2005 movie alone in the dark , also directed by boll .
19	the best-known lineup of kyosuke himuro ( vocals ) , tomoyasu hotei ( guitar ) , tsunematsu matsui ( bass ) and makoto takahashi ( drums ) reached legendary status in japan during the 1980s .
46	at the time , the band consisted solely of matthew scannell and keith kane , who together did all the writing , singing , and producing for the album , as well as playing all instruments used ( mostly acoustic guitar , with little percussion and bass ) .
14	personnel john lennon - vocals , piano nicky hopkins - piano klaus voormann - bass john barham - vibraphone alan white - drums the flux fiddlers - strings covers the song was covered by the band stereophonics as a b-side to the song '' handbags and gladrags '' .
21	almanac was a free jazz project whose members were bennie maupin ( flute , tenor saxophone ) , cecil mcbee ( bass ) , mike nock ( piano ) and eddie marshall ( drums ) .
2	guitar and bass tab songbooks have been released for the album , both including the bonus track '' legacy '' .
37	sound engineer rudy van gelder set up his equipment at a table by the stage , and for these concerts coltrane would often enhance the quintet by adding tampura , contrabassoon , oboe , or a second bass .
8	personnel lauri ylönen -- vocals eero heinonen -- bass , backing vocals pauli rantasalmi -- guitar aki hakala -- drums track listing live at gampel open air music videos extras four video documentaries photos storyboards an interview making of the videos a hidden clip from the first studio shot of '' in the shadows '' see also dead letters , the band 's fifth studio album .
33	the third single , '' jump into the fire '' , was raucous , screaming rock and roll , including a drum solo by derek and the dominos ' jim gordon and a bass detuning by herbie flowers .
52	side one side two bonus ep tracks ( nick lowe & dave edmunds sing the everly brothers ) produced by nick lowe & dave edmunds cd reissue bonus tracks ( 2004 ) personnel billy bremner -- guitar , vocals dave edmunds -- guitar , vocals , piano , organ nick lowe -- bass , vocals terry williams -- drums , drums , drums aldo bocca -- engineer ( note : bremner sings lead on '' heart '' and '' you ai n't nothin ' but fine '' .
30	they formed in 1990 and originally comprised rick witter ( vocals ) , joe johnson ( guitar and keyboards , later replaced by paul banks ) , tom gladwin ( bass ) and alan leach ( drums ) .
25	title the title might come from the lines : personnel van morrison - vocals john tropea - guitar jef labes - piano joe macho - bass allan schwartzberg - drums other releases a live performance of this song is featured on the 1974 disc of morrison 's 2006 issued dvd , live at montreux 1980/1974 .
37	personnel charity rose thielen - vocals , violin , percussion josiah johnson - vocals , guitar , percussion jonathan russell - vocals , guitar , percussion tyler williams - drums , percussion , vocals chris zasche - bass , vocals kenny hensley - piano , vocals commercial performance the head and the heart debuted at number 109 with 4,000 copies sold on 200 .
18	this is perhaps the most common type , usually consisting of soprano , alto , tenor , and bass voices , often abbreviated as satb .
30	'' track listing credits solomon olds ( soul glow activatur ) - vocals , guitar jacob olds ( crouton ) - drums , vocals joshua olds ( fatty ) - bass , vocals nathan currin ( nadaddy ) - keytar , drum machine , turntables , vocals , tambourine , percussion derek mount ( chap stique ) - lead guitar charts tour '' the christmas pageant tour '' covered 14 american cities .
10	track listing personnel arjen lucassen - vocals , guitar , bass , keyboard , synthesizer .
19	members shane hicks - vocals , and guitar andrew walter - drums jed a. walters - keys , and bass joined mid 2010 past member - rick demarco - drums discography abused blues ep ( jan - 2006 ) sweet misery ( plus one records , p1-18 , 8 november 2008 ) in stereo ( plus one records , p1-32 , june 2011 ) the depths ( march 2013 ) critical reception 2013 bio : the depths is the third album by brisbane based australian band , the blackwater fever .
26	his primary instrument is the saxophone , but he plays a number of other instruments including flute , keyboards , guitar , drums , percussion , bass and other assorted woodwinds .
14	composers avoided writing consecutive fifths between two independent parts , such as tenor and bass lines .
36	recordings esterházy : harmonia caelestis -- mária zádori , márta fers ( soprano ) , katalin gémes ( mezzo-soprano ) , katalin károlyi ( contralto ) , gábor kállay ( tenor ) , józsef moldvay ( bass ) ; savaria vocal ensemble , capella savaria , conducted by pál németh .
26	the band is currently composed of ryan tibbs ( lead vocals / guitar ) , will crowden ( drums / percussion ) , cesar corral ( bass ) , brent shumard ( saxophonist , percussion , synth ) matt zimmerman ( saxophonist , keyboard , synth ) and benjamin bassett ( lead guitar / lead vocals ) .
5	personnel paul mccartney vocal , bass , handclaps john lennon harmony vocal , rhythm guitar , handclaps george harrison backing vocal , lead guitar , handclaps ringo starr drums , handclaps george martin producer norman smith engineer cover versions at least four cover versions of this song have been recorded .
10	the lineup was filled by rhythm members mark levin on bass and jim cavanaugh on drums , and wanderlust was formed .
17	paata burchuladze paata burchuladze ( ) ( born february 12 , 1955 ) is a georgian operatic bass .
24	john weider ( born 21 april 1947 , shepherd 's bush , london , england ) is a rock musician who plays guitar , bass , and violin .
28	johann ignaz ludwig fischer ( c. 18 august 1745 -- 10 july 1825 ) , commonly called ludwig fischer , was a german opera singer , a notable bass of his time .
20	scoring and structure the work in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboes d'amore , solo violins ( the second one only for a later performance ) , two violins , viola , and basso continuo .
39	'' the bitter pill '' '' the hole in my wall '' '' inside out '' ( promo ) personnel jani lane - vocals , arranger joey allen - guitar erik turner - guitar , arrangement jerry dixon - bass steven sweet - drums scott warren - keyboards legacy hardcore punk band dog eat dog named their debut album warrant in a joking ` retaliation ' for the title of this album .
24	eventually adding erik mikalauskas ( guitar ) , cam bordignon ( drums ; who replaced original drummer joe demars ) and sean palmer ( bass ) , the reason began to write songs and immediately released their first ep - problems associated with running .
19	band members the trio forms a full band with the following recording arrangement : abelardo vázquez -- guitar , bass , piano , harmonica , accordion , ukulele , keyboard , vocals , percussion gustavo vázquez -- drums , percussion , guitar , banjo , harmonica angela vázquez -- lead vocals , piano , harmonica , guitar occasional members are featured in live shows .
31	scoring and structure flauto piccolo ( bottom ) , shown in comparison to other recorders the cantata in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , trumpet , flauto piccolo ( descant recorder in d ) , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and continuo .
7	the song is dominated by a heavy bass line and features synthesizer .
9	track listing personnel neige - vocals , guitar , bass , synth , drums audrey sylvain - vocals on '' sur l'autre rive je t ` attendrai .
24	in addition to several minor roles , the opera requires a boys ' choir and a '' choir of judges '' who all sing bass .
15	lodewijk ( ludwig is the german cognate of dutch lodewijk ) was employed as a bass singer at the court of the elector of cologne , eventually rising to become kapellmeister ( music director ) .
43	personnel matthew thiessen -- lead vocals , guitar , piano , organ , trombone , steel drums , bells , nylon string guitar , rhodes electric piano , wurlitzer electric piano matt hoopes -- guitar , backing vocals , omnichord john warne -- bass , backing vocals jon schneck -- guitar ethan luck -- drums , guitar , percussion mark lee townsend -- producer , guitar , mandolin album art the cover art is an oil painting on canvas , by linden frederick , matt thiessen 's uncle .
12	baritone range : the vocal range of the baritone lies between the bass and tenor ranges , overlapping both of them .
18	richard leveridge ( or leueridge ) ( 19 july 1670 -- 22 march 1758 ) was an english bass singer of the london stage and a composer of baroque music , including many popular songs .
5	the group later acquired a bass , violin , and guitar .
7	achille is also able to play the bass and the saxophone , as well as the piano , employing both jazz and classical styles .
21	marshall was a member of the group almanac with bennie maupin ( flute , tenor saxophone ) , cecil mcbee ( bass ) and mike nock ( piano ) .
7	the group consisted of kurt magnuson on bass , dave nordin on synthesizer , jean psmith on vocals , and jay rosen on drums and vocals .
15	however , despite being his plectrum - hand he was still able to play the bass and joined the band in the successful tour .
13	instant death was a rock duo , with members dave dreiwitz ( on bass ) and scott byrne ( on drums ) formed in 1991 .
16	track listing us track listing personnel stuart smith - lead vocals , guitar dan adams - bass , trumpet tim collis - guitar chris collis - drums , percussion additional guitars and piano provided by jody prewitt .
17	personnel kenny rogers -- vocals barry gibb -- background vocals , guitar maurice gibb -- guitar , bass , synthesizer tim renwick -- guitar george terry -- guitar george bitzer -- piano , synthesizer albhy galuten -- piano , synthesizer ron ziegler -- drums joe lala -- percussion peter graves -- horns whit sidener -- horns ken faulk -- horns neal bonsanti -- horns barry gibb version barry gibb 's original version of '' you and i '' was the second song intended for kenny rogers ' new album .
25	'' personnel lajon witherspoon -- lead vocals chris daughtry - additional vocals john connolly -- lead guitar sonny mayo -- rhythm guitar vinnie hornsby -- bass morgan rose -- drums chart position the song reached # 27 in the mainstream rock chart .
14	pfauter left the band in 1984 and brent turner was brought in to play bass on the recording of their first album , when in rome do as the vandals .
28	'' track listing ( some have been issued as alternate takes ) personnel little richard -- vocals denis brownside - piano eddie bayers - drums jack jackson - bass paul wormley - guitar pat patnik - guitar according to k-tel records it is not known whether richard also played piano on these tracks .
23	the musicians for the original 1964 recording were : hancock ( piano ) , freddie hubbard ( cornet ) , ron carter ( bass ) and tony williams ( drums ) .
27	after jones 's death , they adopted the name atomic rooster ( with influence from the us band rhinoceros ) , and soon recruited nick graham on bass and vocals .
22	the trio were joined by arlo bigazzi on friendly game , who in addition to serving as producer , played recorder and bass .
20	the group is composed of members tony jj ( vocals ) , d. frans ( guitar ) , artyom ( bass ) and morten ( drums ) .
57	roles sid el kar ( tenor ) hassi ( baritone ) mindar benjamin kidd ( comic baritone ) captain paul fontaine ( baritone or tenor ) azuri ( mezzo-soprano ) margot bonvalet ( soprano ) general birabeau ( baritone ) pierre birabeau/red shadow ( lyric baritone ) susan ( soprano or mezzo-soprano ) ali ben ali ( bass ) clementina hadji chorus of riffs , soldiers and inhabitants of the fortress synopsis french general birabeau has been sent to morocco to root out and destroy the riffs , a band of arab rebels , who threaten the safety of the french outpost in the moroccan desert .
55	blind date was a german pop music group formed in 1984 , originally consisting of uwe schlürmann ( vocals and guitar ) , peter koch ( percussion ) , matthias baumgardt ( guitar ) , james michael griffin ( keyboard ) , amy & elaine goff ( vocals ) , mark oesterreich ( guitar , bass and vocals ) , roman müllenbach ( saxophone ) and bruce kent ( drums ) .
16	paul mccartney plays the piano with paper intertwined between the strings , but does not contribute bass to the song .
13	personnel john lennon double-tracked vocal , rhythm guitar paul mccartney harmony vocal , bass george harrison harmony vocal , lead guitar ringo starr drums , tambourine , bells george martin piano ; personnel notes a macdonald was unsure if starr played bells .
10	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for soprano and bass vocal soloists , a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , two horns , two flute , two oboe , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , violone , basso continuo .
32	humilitas occidit superbiam king 's latest record is another solo effort , released independently , and features king on a broad range of instruments , including cello , drums , keyboard , bass , and guitar .
21	track listing personnel bleeding through brandan schieppati -- lead vocals brian leppke -- guitars dave nassie -- guitars ryan wombacher -- bass , backing vocals marta peterson -- keyboards .
17	branningan circa 1960 owen brannigan obe ( 10 march 1908 9 may 1973 ) was an english bass , known in opera for buffo roles and in concert for a wide range of solo parts in music ranging from henry purcell to michael tippett .
24	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored rather modestly : the four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) and a four-part choir are accompanied only by two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
21	since its inception , the band 's line-up has included founders : vocals / guitar graham boostrom , and vocals / bass ray delgado .
5	it features victor bailey on bass , dennis chambers on drums , mitch forman on keyboards , chuck loeb on guitar , and bill evans on saxophone ( soprano and tenor ) .
26	with carlson on fiddle , the band includes greg earnest on banjo , casey cook on guitar , michael smith on mandolin and keith morris on bass all of whom are also members of the atlanta - based bluegrass band the dappled grays .
23	the choir receives additional support from members of the public who bolster the ranks when support is required , providing a more balanced bass and tenor sound .
14	a former member of black grape and agent provocateur , saber plays guitar , bass , organ , and keyboard , and is also a prominent los angeles dj .
23	at the time of its formation , aqme 's line-up was composed of etienne on drums , ben on guitar , sophie on bass ( who will later be replaced by charlotte ) , and thomas on vocals .
5	at eighteen he discovered the bass , and formed '' manhattan '' , a light jazz band , and then '' ruido blanco '' with journalist and musician oscar sarquiz , who introduced sabo to guillermo briseño , ( musician , poet ) and ricardo ochoa ( musician and producer ) starting the recording and production of many records and many tours in the mid-1980s .
93	track listing digital download credits and personnel ; recording recorded at superspy studios , los angeles , california ; resonate studios in burbank , california ; the jungle room , glendale , california ; and safe house studios , greensboro , north carolina ; personnel songwriting -- isaac haason , lindy robbins , mher filian production -- superspy lead vocals -- demi lovato , lindy robbins programming -- isaac hasson , mher filian engineering -- superspy , simon sampath-kumar , dorian crozier , jason coons mixing -- chris lord-alge drums -- dorian crozier bass -- kenny johnson guitars and synths -- isaac hasson keys -- mher filian credits are adapted from the here we go again liner notes .
23	the group formed after lead vocalist , guitarist , and songwriter sal baglio and drummer mark cuccinello were joined by stephen gilligan on bass , and dave friedman on keyboards .
14	requiem canticles is a 15 minute composition by igor stravinsky , for contralto and bass soli , chorus , and orchestra .
39	the four members in the band at the time , toby morrell ( vocals / guitar ) , devin shelton ( drums ) , matt carter ( guitar / keyboards ) , and joel '' chopper '' green ( bass ) actually left rock hill , south carolina for seattle on september 11 , the day of the terrorist attacks ; they found out about the attacks when they stopped at a local diner in south carolina .
18	jakob stämpfli ( 26 october 1934 in bern -- 28 september 2014 in thun ) was a swiss bass concert singer and an influential academic teacher and director of the conservatory in bern , also a teacher in saarbrücken .
14	members dave chandler - guitar , vocals ( saint vitus ) ron holzner - bass ( trouble , place of skulls , novembers doom ) jimmy bower - drum ( superjoint ritual , eyehategod , down ) discography albums debris inc. .
48	chart performance album singles personnel the charlie daniels band : charlie daniels - guitar , fiddle , vocal tom crain - guitar , vocal '' taz '' digregorio - keyboards , vocal fred edwards - drums , percussion james w. marshall - drums , percussion charles hayward - bass additional personnel : bergen white - string arrangements on tracks 5 and 7 lea jane singers - background vocals on tracks 3 and 5 terry mead - trumpet on '' jitterbug '' production producer : john boylan engineer : paul grupp assistant ( recording ) : steve goostree mixed at westlake sound , los angeles , ca .
19	personnel liam gallagher vocals , tambourine noel gallagher lead guitar , backing vocals paul arthurs rhythm guitar paul mcguigan bass tony mccarroll drums and percussion track listings all songs written by noel gallagher except where noted .
11	her second marriage was in december 1947 , to the famous bass player ray brown , whom she had met while on tour with dizzy gillespie 's band a year earlier .
38	jubilate agno in music the text of jubilate agno is the source for rejoice in the lamb , a festival cantata composed by benjamin britten in 1943 for four soloists , a soprano , alto , tenor and bass choir , and organ .
24	personnel mick jagger - lead and backing vocals keith richards - rhythm guitar and solo brian jones - low tuned guitar bill wyman - bass , backing vocals charlie watts - drums jack nitzsche - tambourine , piano cover versions the british post-punk group the mekons covered the song on their 1988 album so good it hurts , twisting the song 's impact with female vocals provided by sally timms .
10	pinza had become bored as the met 's leading lyric bass , and having played the great opera houses , sought other worlds to conquer .
29	overview the band members were bill bartlett ( guitar ) , pete charles ( drums ) , myke scavone ( lead singer ) , and howie arthur blauvelt ( bass ) .
8	after ferbie left , pinkney switched to the bass part , in which he was heard on '' honey love , '' '' white christmas , '' '' adorable , '' '' ruby baby , '' and many other early drifters recordings .
20	history formed in 2000 , the band consists of tim walker ( guitar , vocals ) , graeme walker ( bass , vocals ) , dennis goodwin ( guitar , synths , vocals ) and bob deveau ( drums and electronics ) .
16	he founded the power trio my head with excel former drummer greg saenz and played the bass in the indie rock band eels .
16	) dewey bunnell -- 6-string acoustic guitar , backing vocal gerry beckley -- lead vocal , bass , piano dan peek -- 12-string electric guitar , backing vocal dave atwood - drums charts the song was a top ten hit and spent 10 weeks in united states hot 100 charts wherein it peaked at number 9 .
23	scoring and structure to express the praise of the words , the cantata is festively scored for soprano , alto , tenor and bass soloists and a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , three oboe , oboe da caccia , oboe d'amore , recorder , bassoon , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
3	jay thomson - bass ( 2007 -- present ) 5 .
15	track listing charts and certifications ; charts ; certifications personnel ; slayer tom araya -- bass , lead vocals jeff hanneman -- lead and rhythm guitar kerry king -- lead and rhythm guitar , backing vocals on '' seasons in the abyss '' and '' skeletons of society '' .
10	'' number 1 '' features an old synth and a bass arrangement that the group began to use frequently after recording the song .
24	track listing all songs written by the suicide machines performers jason navarro - vocals dan lukacinsky - guitar , backing vocals royce nunley - bass , backing vocals derek grant - drums , hammond organ , clavinet , piano , backing vocals ( tracks 1-14 , 27 & 28 ) ryan vandeberghe - drums ( tracks 15-26 , 29 & 30 ) vinnie nobile - trombone ( tracks 1-8 ) larry klimas - tenor saxophone ( tracks 1-8 ) joe bishara - loops and programming ( tracks 15-20 ) bennett salvay - orchestral arrangements and organ ( tracks 15-20 album information record label : hollywood records all songs written by the suicide machines tracks 1-8 produced by julian raymond , phil kaffel , and the suicide machines .
11	6 ( 1722 ) 8 chamber sonatas for solo violin and bass , and 4 '' concerts in six '' op .
29	track listing all lyrics written by ronnie james dio , music as stated personnel ; dio ronnie james dio -- lead vocals vivian campbell -- guitars jimmy bain -- bass claude schnell -- keyboards vinny appice -- drums ; additional musicians craig goldy -- guitars on '' time to burn '' ; production recorded at rumbo studios , los angeles , california , usa produced by ronnie james dio engineered by angelo arcuri assistant engineered by gary mcgachan laser effects : lasermedia inc. , los angeles , ca laser operator : michael moorhead originally mastered by greg fulginiti at artisan sound recorders , hollywood , usa remaster by andy pearce ( 2012 universal deluxe edition ) mixed on westlake audio bbsm6 monitors illustration by robert florczak charts ; album ; singles certifications the riaa certified sacred heart gold ( 500,000 units sold ) on october 15 , 1985 .
21	personnel ; eleventyseven matt langston - lead vocals , guitar , keyboard , synthesizer , programming , producer davey davenport - bass , backing vocals johnathan stephens - drums , backing vocals kyle lee - mixing troy glessener - mastering courtney thompson - album cover photograph joseph hader - art design music videos notes there is a huge alteration in the lyrics to '' wasted '' .
11	the voice types ( character tenor , soprano , bass-baritone , bass , coloratura soprano ) equal the roles .
24	; jerusalem ; dopesmoker ( tee pee issue ) ; dopesmoker ( southern lord reissue ) personnel ; sleep al cisneros -- vocals , bass matt pike -- guitar chris hakius -- drums ; jerusalem sleep -- producer philp hayward -- assistant engineer doug henderson -- assistant engineer fred kervorkian -- editing adam muñoz -- assistant engineer ; dopesmoker ( 2003 tee pee issue ) sleep -- producer , liner notes billy anderson -- producer , engineer mark keaton -- mastering arik roper -- artwork ; dopesmoker ( 2012 southern lord reissue ) sleep -- producer , liner notes billy anderson -- producer , engineer brad boatright -- mastering arik roper -- artwork notes version notes : † this refers to the dopesmoker ( 2003 ) release of the album .
43	original drummer wade youman generally takes credit for starting the band , and a number of players came and went before the lineup coalesced to include scott russo on vocals , steve morris and rob brewer on guitar , and john bell on bass .
17	track listing personnel bo summer - vocals tore mogensen guitar lasse bak - guitar ronnie bak - bass rolf hansen - drums all lyrics written by bo summer , except \* ( wake up dead ) , written by ( bo ) summer / ( dave ) mustaine all music written by illdisposed trivia the recording of the album can be witnessed on the 1997 documentary '' headbeng i hovedlandet '' the album title is said to be taken from shakespear 's '' hamlet '' .
44	history formation and early history ( 2000 -- 2003 ) in 2000 long-time band mates michael eriksen ( vocals ) and brothers mats ( guitar ) and truls haugen ( drums ) were joined by keyboard player espen storø and glen cato møllen on bass to form circus maximus .
35	track listing all tracks by debora iyall , peter woods , frank zincavage , benjamin bossi and larry carter personnel debora iyall -- vocals peter woods -- guitar benjamin bossi -- saxophone frank zincavage -- bass larry carter -- drums , percussion notes while the copyright is printed 1981 , it was released in january 1982 .
23	formed in 1998 , the black seeds perform with eight members , with instruments including vocals , guitar , saxophone , trumpet , bass , drums , bongos , keyboard and wood block .
22	it introduced the new smart strings instrument , a string orchestra of 1st and 2nd violins , viola , celli , and bass , capable of playing notes legato , staccato , and pizzicato .
16	gloria belle ( flickinger ) is a bluegrass vocalist and instrumentalist , playing the banjo , bass , and mandolin .
34	late in 1986 , the original members parted ways , creating a void until dave coutts , mark templin & steve coutts brought in lisa marie presley 's first husband danny keough to play bass .
8	for example , among men , there are bass , baritone , tenor and countertenor ( ranging from e2 to even f6 ) , and among women , contralto , mezzo-soprano and soprano ( ranging from f3 to c6 ) .
14	the devin townsend band consisted of brian waddell on guitar , mike young on bass , ryan van poederooyen on drums , and dave young on keyboards .
12	libbi met and married tracy stuffle who would become the group 's bass singer .
37	the group consisted of harry frommermann ( tenor buffo ) , asparuh '' ari '' leschnikoff ( first tenor ) , erich collin ( second tenor ) , roman cycowski ( baritone ) , robert biberti ( bass ) , and erwin bootz ( pianist ) .
26	career the band was formed in 1986 with todd park mohr on guitar and vocals , brian nevin on drum and vocals and rob squires on bass and vocals .
15	he also brought along his longtime friend and pure-x bandmate peter stålfors , who assumed bass duties .
13	the two volumes present performances of pianist keith jarrett with gary peacock on bass and jack dejohnette on drums .
23	weikath is one of the founding members of helloween , along with kai hansen ( vocals / guitar ) , markus grosskopf ( bass ) , and ingo schwichtenberg ( drums ) .
17	personnel lou reed lead vocals , lead guitar john cale celesta , viola , piano sterling morrison bass maureen tucker percussion nico backing vocals cover versions '' sunday morning '' has been covered by various bands , including rusty , villagers , bettie serveert , beck , chris coco & nick cave , nina hagen , james , oh-ok , elizabeth cook , ny loose , the feelies , orchestral manoeuvres in the dark , the queers , strawberry switchblade , wally pleasant , and matthew sweet & susanna hoffs .
45	members lead vocalist sydney sierota graham jeffery david sierota ( born february 5 , 1999 ) - drums sydney grace ann sierota ( born april 21 , 1997 ) - lead vocals noah jeffery david joseph sierota ( born january 1 , 1996 ) - bass and backing vocals jamie jeffery david harry sierota ( born april 9 , 1993 ) - guitar and backing vocals influences echosmith is described as an indie rock and 80 's dance-rock - influenced band .
14	the cantata i six movemets is written for soprano , alto , tenor and bass soloists , a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , two oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
28	among the singers in barbaia 's company for whom rossini wrote a number of roles during this period were the tenor giovanni david and andrea nozzari , the bass michele benedetti and the great mezzo-soprano isabella colbran .
46	the band was originally named foghorn leghorn and the lineup consisted of stephen '' sammy '' lind on fiddle and harmony vocals , the reverend p. t. grover , jr. , on banjo , caleb klauder on mandolin and harmony vocals , and brian bagdonas on bass .
17	her music is acoustic ; she usually plays the music with 4 support members , guitar , bass , drum and percussion .
28	live in california 74 bonus tracks archive preview live in concert 72/73 personnel ; deep purple ritchie blackmore : guitar david coverdale : lead vocals glenn hughes : bass , vocals jon lord : organ , keyboards ian paice : drums accolades ( \* ) designates unordered lists .
22	personnel ; eyehategod mike williams -- vocals jimmy bower -- guitar brian patton -- guitar joey lacaze -- drums vince leblanc -- bass ; technical personnel billy anderson -- production , engineering , mixing perry cunningham -- remaster tom bejgrowitz -- additional layout charles elliott -- reissue coordination on the album the credits for each member of the band are shown in a different way .
10	musically , '' mudshovel '' relies on a distinctive three-note bass line that shifts into a rumbling low .
45	the original 1963 formation of six was founded in reggio emilia : augusto daolio ( vocals ) , beppe carletti ( keyboards ) , franco midili ( guitar ) , leonardo manfredini ( drum ) , gualtiero gelmini ( sax ) , antonio campari ( bass ) .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is intimately scored for three vocal soloists ( soprano , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , corno da caccia , two oboe , two violins , viola , and basso continuo .
4	personnel peter cetera - bass , vocals terry kath - guitar , vocals robert lamm - keyboards , vocals lee loughnane - trumpet , percussion , background vocals , guitar ( '' flight 602 '' , '' where do we go from here ?
32	it is becoming increasingly common in a cappella and barbershop music circles to use the fifth voice as vocal percussionist , with the remainder being a traditional satb ( soprano alto tenor bass ) quartet , or perhaps ssaa or ttbb .
19	in 1993 , malone reunited with snl veterans paul shaffer ( keyboards ) , and will lee , ( bass ) , in the cbs orchestra .
43	track listing all songs written by dennis jagard , except '' happy daze '' and '' shelter '' by kevin ruggeri credits kevin ruggeri - drums , vox , ( lead vox on '' shelter '' ) john chapman a.k.a. johnny smoke - bass and vox steve carnan a.k.a. steve von treetrunk - lead guitar dennis jagard - vox , other guitars .
22	members current current paul moeller - singer and lyric writer and he plays the guitar as well ben schneider - plays the bass mark book - plays the drums rich oeffinger - lead guitar player music videos home made videos 1 .
22	during this time , the band consisted of clint boge on lead vocal , kurt goedhart on guitar , glenn esmond on bass , and ben hall on drums .
20	nick massi , ( born nicholas macioci , september 19 , 1935 - december 24 , 2000 ) was the bass singer for the four seasons , born in newark , new jersey .
2	crover played bass and drums on the demo .
56	personnel dan fogelberg - organ , guitar , piano , keyboard , vocals , 12 string guitar , slide guitar kenneth a. buttrey - drums david campbell - orchestral arrangements don henley - vocals , harmony vocals russ kunkel - conga , drums joe lala - percussion , conga frank marocco - accordion norbert putnam - bass j.d . souther - vocals , harmony vocals john stronach - percussion , maraca , tambourine al perkins - pedal steel , dobro joe walsh - guitar , electric guitar tim weisberg - flute production produced by : dan fogelberg and norbert putnam mix down engineer : marty lewis assistant engineers : jeff guercio , mark guercio , john henning , marty lewis , bruce hensal , gary landinsky .
19	vier ernste gesänge ( four serious songs ) , op. 121 , is a cycle of four song for bass and piano by johannes brahms .
21	after you 've gone this segment again featured benny goodman and the goodman octet as eight anthropomorphized instruments ( piano , bass , drums , clarinet , trumpet , trombone , alto sax , tenor sax ) who paraded through a musical playground .
47	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for an unusual combination of instruments -- four oboes ( two oboes d'amore , two oboes da caccia ) and a violoncello piccolo -- in addition to four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir only in the closing chorale , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
30	mario petri on stage ( 1955 ) mario petri ( january 21 , 1922 , perugia - january 26 , 1985 , città della pieve ) was an italian operatic bass particularly associated with mozart and rossini roles .
18	track listing extra tracks uk bonus track personnel ty vaughn - lead vocals / guitar matt koenig - bass / vocals josh baird - drums / percussion other contributors produced by bill stevenson & jason livermore mixed by unknown recorded blasting room in fort collins , colorado , usa .
30	characters roles joe , a gambler , tenor vi , his sweetheart , lyric soprano tom , café entertainer and singer , baritone mike , café proprietor and manager , bass sam , café worker and custodian , baritone sweetpea , café pianist chorus guests as in gershwin 's later opera porgy and bess , all the singing roles are african-american characters .
18	personnel jon bon jovi lead vocals , guitar richie sambora guitar , backing vocals , talkbox hugh mcdonald bass , backing vocals tico torres drums david bryan keyboards , backing vocals tour dates box office score data from the 19 shows reported from billboard , the one wild night tour grossed a total of $ 17,143,241 with a total attendance of 391,321 .
31	ruiner was a hardcore punk band from baltimore , maryland which consisted of rob sullivan - vocals , tj catalfo - drums , danny porter - guitar , stephen smeal - bass , and dustin thornton - guitar .
17	early history the band first gathered as a folk band consisted of steve gershin ( mandolin , bass and vocal ) , ze’ev gut ( fiddle and vocal ) and olga braverman ( flute and vocal ) , describing them as renaissance metal , due to frequent use of renaissance and medieval motives , played in a metal-crossover style , using such instruments as mandolin , fiddle and flute .
5	luca stepped in to play bass , but has since taken the role as sound man for the 2007 european tour , and will remain pagoda 's producer .
12	the collection included notables such as nathan east and welton gite ( bass ) ; chuck findley ( flugelhorn , trumpet ) ; hank cicalo ( sound engineer ) and bernie grundman ( mastering ) ; les mccann and richard tee ( piano ) ; plus phil upchurch ( rhythm guitar ) .
37	this is the most common kind of written music used by professional session musician playing jazz or other forms of popular music and is intended primarily for the rhythm section ( usually containing piano , guitar , bass and drum ) .
7	though jack lewis had contributed vocals , bass and songwriting to jeffrey 's two previous albums , this is the first instance in which he was given equal billing on the cover .
15	track listing line up sven gross -- vocals mike hanus -- guitar tobias schick - bass stefan hanus -- guitar bastian herzog -- drums production produced by fleshcrawl recorded and mixed at studio fredman , gothenburg , sweden , 13 .
12	for the last few seconds of the song , the guitars and bass are absent , and only the drums and vocals can be heard as lemmy repeats the words '' you know just what the claw is for '' several times , each time more quietly .
15	clamhead ( voiced by barry gordon ) -- clamhead is a young man who plays bass for the neptunes .
7	) hiroyuki '' den '' onishi -- bass ( 1996 -- 1998 , 2011 -- present ) , ( sister 's no future , zigzo , pt. , test-no .
23	mylène 's discs were so sophisticated in the production that we could not go on stage and just put a drummer , a bass player and a guitarist .
23	both are featured on youtube.com band members jamie scott - vocals , guitar , keyboards tommyd - guitar , vocals pete cherry - bass , vocals leonn meade - drums joe glossop - keyboards the british artist and illustrator , jimi crayon , designs all of graffiti6 's artwork and is responsible for their bold logo and technicolor visuals .
13	personnel musicians dweezil zappa -- guitar , keyboards , vocals scott thunes -- bass bobby blotzer -- drums on 5 .
13	scoring this cantata is written for soprano , alto , tenor , and bass soloists , four-part chorus , three trumpets , three oboe , oboe d'amore , oboe da caccia , two transverse flute , bassoon , two violins , viola , timpani , and continuo .
34	in 1979 , the singer vlado hristov - krle ( vocals ) formed a new structure of fol jazik , with vladimir petrovski - karter ( guitar ) , branko spasovski - puma ( bass ) and spend ibraimi - spend ( drums ) .
32	the undead is a horror punk band formed in october 1980 in new milford , new jersey by bobby steele ( vocals and guitar ) , chris '' jack '' natz ( bass ) and patrick blanck ( drums ) .
20	deyan vatchkov ( ) , born april 8 , 1979 , in sofia , bulgaria is a bulgarian opera singer bass .
9	as he grew older he eventually switched to playing bass and then guitar .
28	the broken broadcast are a lo-fi folk band from the uk , originally consisting of james riggall vocals and acoustic guitar , emma reeve drums , grizzo hughes bass and carolyn reilly violin .
5	a bass-baritone is a high-lying bass or low-lying '' classical '' baritone voice type which shares certain qualities with the true baritone voice .
29	track listing personnel graciela naranjo ( vocals ) estelita del llano ( vocals ) , maraca ) alberto naranjo ( arranger , director , timbales ) gustavo carucí ( bass , guitar , cuatro ) víctor mestas ( piano ) alexander livinalli ( percussion ) guest stars julio flores ( clarinet ) on ( 2 ) , ( tenor sax ) on ( 15 ) julio mendoza ( trumpet ) on ( 10 ) rodolfo reyes ( flute ) on ( 20 ) domingo sánchez bór ( cello ) on ( 13 ) salvador soteldo ( harmonica ) on ( 4,8 ) special participation orquesta anacaona on ( 11 ) carlos gardel and mona maris on ( 3 ) gilberto pinto on ( 17 ) aldemaro romero piano and vocals on ( 22 ) production date of recording : may - june 1995 .
25	history the original members were michael '' popeye '' vogelsang ( vocals , guitar ) , robert haworth ( guitar ) , josh stanton ( bass ) and robert beshear ( drums ) .
6	trace elliot is a united kingdom-based bass amplification manufacturer , and has a sub-brand , trace acoustic , for acoustic instrument .
29	the lineup consists of rebecca frazier ( née hoggan ) on guitar , john frazier on mandolin and occasionally fiddle , kyle tuttle on banjo , royal masat on bass , and shad cobb on fiddle .
15	aside from performing the vocals for the band , johnny whitney plays the guitar , bass , keyboard , and piano as well as drum programming .
17	karel strakatý karel strakatý ( 2 july 1804 -- 26 april 1868 ) was a czech operatic bass who had a lengthy career at the estates theatre in prague from 1827 until his retirement in 1858 .
20	career radio stars were formed by ex - john 's children vocalist andy ellison , sparks exile martin gordon ( bass , songwriter ) , and ian macleod ( guitar ) in 1977 , following the end of their underachieving glam supergroup , jet , the previous year .
17	track listing personnel aaron short -- keyboard alisa xayalith -- lead vocals , keyboard david beadle -- bass jesse wood -- drums thom powers -- vocals , guitar trivia on april 21 , 2012 ( when one temporary escape was recorded ) , now , now and the vacationers performed as opening acts for the naked and famous .
32	in the film , the song is performed by james '' jimmy '' mattingly ii on vocals and guitar , leonard '' lenny '' haise on lead guitar , t.b. player on bass and guy '' shades '' patterson on drum .
18	track listing credits ben read - vocals gary smith - guitar william cleverdon - guitar brent fox - bass steven westerberg - drums 8 foot sativa 's drummer at the time , corey friedlander , was planned to play the drums for this album but was unable to perform to the standard required of the album 's producer .
15	douglas arthur '' doug '' wimbish ( born september 22 , 1956 ) is a bass player , primarily known for his studio work for the rap/hip hop label sugarhill records and his membership of the rock band living colour .
15	men are usually divided into four groups : countertenor , tenor , baritone , and bass .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir only in the chorale , two oboe , two violin , viola , violoncello piccolo and basso continuo .
6	during that time he also played bass in the detroit cobras .
24	voodoo blue was a rock / alternative band from baltimore , maryland , that featured dan book on vocals and guitar , clunky on bass and vocals , and justin posner on the drums .
53	track listing personnel amanda lear -- lead vocals patrick bacqueville -- trombone nicolas baudino -- flute , saxophone françois biesan -- trumpet farhat bouallagui -- violin christophe challut -- hair styling christophe dubois -- drums judith flessel-toto -- backing vocals sandrine foguère -- backing vocals fx costello -- record producer , guitar , bass , keyboards , backing vocals get ready !
21	he sings both back-up and lead vocals , and plays electric and acoustic guitar , as well as the piano , bass and the synth .
9	track listing credits barclay james harvest les holroyd -- bass , keyboards , guitars , vocals john lees -- guitars , vocals mel pritchard -- drums , percussion guest musicians '' special guest musician '' on ring of changes was bias boshell , founder member of english folk band trees , working with barclay james harvest for the first time .
24	band members the band were : david oliver ( ollie ) ( ex-point break ) -- vocals dean roberts -- guitar gary mahon -- bass rich joy -- drum roberts has since gone on to form his own band , my ( iq ) , as well as playing for singer-songwriter , stewart mac .
6	; former members shaun noronha - bass .
37	disc one : stray cats disc two : girls singing night personnel ani difranco -- guitar , vocals ravi best -- trumpet shane endsley -- trumpet daren hahn -- drums todd horton -- trumpet jason mercer -- bass hans teuber -- clarinet , flute , saxophone , vocals , background vocals julie wolf -- keyboards , vocals production producer -- ani difranco engineering supervisor -- larry berger , andrew gilchrist engineer -- andrew gilchrist assistant engineer -- andrew gilchrist mixing -- ani difranco mastering -- greg calbi recording supervision -- larry berger art direction -- ani difranco design -- ani difranco illustrations -- ani difranco photography -- susan alzner , larry berger , scott fisher , eric frick , heidi kunkel , jason mercer , julie wolf .
18	orlin anastassov ( born 1976 ) is a bulgaria opera singer with an active international career performing leading bass roles .
0	bass were arranged by niclas bosson .
17	personnel josh dion - lead vocals / drums patrick firth - keyboards / vocals brian killeen - bass daniel hindman - guitar / vocals sarah versprille - lead vocals / percussion history in early 2004 , dion began writing and rehearsing original material with guitarist daniel hindman , keyboardist pat firth , and bassist brian killeen .
20	structure and scoring the cantata in seven movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , corno da tirarsi , a slide horn that bach scored for a short period , flauto traverso , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
31	career early career ( 2007 2009 ) mona , consisting of nick brown ( lead vocals , guitar ) , vince gard ( drums , percussion ) , zach lindsey ( bass , backing vocals ) and jordan young ( guitar , backing vocals ) , originated from dayton , ohio and bowling green , kentucky respectively , though they are now based in nashville , tennessee .
16	the band carried on , adding new members chuck leavell on piano and lamar williams on bass .
18	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for soprano , alto , tenor , and bass soloists , a four-part choir only in the closing chorale , two oboe , bassoon , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
17	robert easton ( 8 june 1898 , in sunderland , england - 1987 ) was a british bass of the mid-twentieth century .
22	ulrik thesrup cold ( born 15 may 1939 , copenhagen -- died 13 october 2010 , copenhagen ) was a danish opera bass .
29	the band originally consisted of 13 members : skip prokop : drums and vocals paul hoffert : keyboards and vibraphone ralph cole : guitar and vocals grant fullerton : bass and vocals vic '' pinky '' dauvin : percussion and lead vocals ian guenther : violin don dinovo : violin and viola don whitton : cello leslie schneider : cello freddy stone : trumpet and flugelhorn arnie chycoski : trumpet and flugelhorn howard shore : alto saxophone russ little : trombone one of the first lighthouse concerts was at carnegie hall and in its first year , the band also played at fillmore east , fillmore west , toronto , boston , the atlantic city pop festival , and the monterey and newport jazz festivals .
26	were played by both keith strickland and ricky wilson ; both played the guitar and keyboards , while strickland played the drums and wilson played the bass .
30	the original line-up was : přemysl černý - drums , františek francl - lead guitar , pavel fořt - rhythm guitar , eduard vršek - keyboard , jiří čížek - bass , petr novák - vocal .
49	this second group of new recruits consisted of gospel vocalists ; first tenor bill pinkney ( of the jerusalem stars ) , second tenor andrew thrasher and baritone gerhart thrasher ( both formerly of the gospel group , the '' thrasher wonders '' ) , and willie ferbee as bass , with walter adams on guitar .
6	history with guitar blake gardner , bass martyn basha , and larry van kriedt on saxophone and programming respectively , the band released their first ep water in 1990 .
17	they were previously led by singer marc hunter , and are currently led by his brother , bass player todd hunter .
19	john munson ( born december 13 , 1966 ) is a minneapolis musician who is best known as the bass player for semisonic .
15	nicola ghiuselev ( 17 august 1936 -- 16 may 2014 ) was a bulgaria opera bass , particularly associated with the italian and russian repertories .
35	; current members sharon den adel -- lead vocals ( 1996 -- present ) robert westerholt -- rhythm guitar , grunts ( 1996 -- present , studio only since 2011 ) jeroen van veen -- bass ( 1996 -- present ) ruud jolie -- lead guitar , rhythm guitar ( 2001 -- present ) martijn spierenburg -- keyboards ( 2001 -- present ) mike coolen -- drums ( 2011 -- present ) stefan helleblad -- rhythm guitar , lead guitar ( 2011 -- present ) within temptation longest line-up , from left to right : van haestregt , van veen , jolie , den adel , spierenburg , westerholt .
18	track listing personnel katra solopuro -- vocals teemu mätäsjärvi -- guitar kristian kangasniemi -- guitar johannes tolonen -- bass matti auerkallio -- drums reception metal temple rated it 5/10 stars ( '' mediocre '' ) , and wrote , '' beast within is a nicely produced work by a new band consisted of great musicians but -- for me -- the problem is that this album does n't offer something new , music wise .
16	band current members clayton colwell - guitar jeb colwell - guitar , synth jennifer mccarron - bass john brodeur - drums national exposure the song '' soul so sweet '' off of their album same height relation was featured in the abc television series brothers and sisters .
16	personnel john lennon - vocals , lead guitar george harrison - rhythm guitar paul mccartney - bass ringo starr - drums other versions several other artists have covered the song , including the bobby fuller four , charlie daniels , the doors , the guess who , flamin ' groovies , peter gammons , the yardbirds , groovie ghoulies , ac/dc ( live only ) , the milkshakes , jim miller , tommy roe , doug sahm , status quo , backbeat band , tom petty and the heartbreakers and stereo nation .
37	members shoco - real name : shōko suzuki ( 鈴木翔子 ) - vocal tomo 2 - real name : tomoko midorikawa ( 翠川智子 ) - guitar ayaka - real name : ayaka haraguchi ( 原口彩香 ) - bass reona - real name : reona suzuki ( 鈴木玲緒奈 ) - keyboard ( leader ) sawa 2 - real name : sawako suzuki ( 鈴木佐和子 ) - drums reona and ayaka founded the band with two other original members , who later quit .
14	joseph a. rouleau , ( born february 28 , 1929 ) is a french-canadian bass opera singer , particularly associated with the italian and french repertories .
49	track listing gear motoi sakuraba used the following keyboards : piano : yamaha c1 grand piano organ : korg cx-3 with leslie147 synth : sequential prophet 600 roland d-50 roland u-220 roland r-8 korg mono/poly yamaha cs01 personnel motoi sakuraba -- keyboards , composer , arranger ken ishita -- bass takeo shimoda -- drums trivia the song '' byzantium '' was originally written during motoi 's time in his previous band , deja vu .
18	track listing personnel c.t. ( vocals ) gravy ( guitar ) chuck schaaf ( guitar ) reid ( bass ) jeff morgan ( drums ) b. ( moog , vocals , samples ) .
7	his students included the celebrated french virtuoso bass pol plançon ( 1851 -- 1914 ) , whose voice is preserved on gramophone recordings made in 1902-1908 .
12	current members are michela grena ( voice ) , paolo baldini ( bass ) , gp ennas ( drums ) , filippo buresta ( keyboards ) and manuel tomba ( mixing ) .
15	beginning in 2003 , the band 's line-up includes : andy calvert ( vocals , bass ) , richard steinmeyer ( vocals , banjo ) , zach lively ( vocals , guitar , harmonica ) , travis hembree ( accordion , washboard ) , and tony kistka ( drums ) .
37	musicians the performers on the album were mayall on vocals , harmonica , a slide and a fender telecaster guitar , a tambourine , and mouth percussion , jon mark on acoustic guitar , steve thompson on bass , and johnny almond on tenor and alto saxophone , flute , and mouth percussion .
42	personnel virtual personnel from metalocalypse dethklok nathan explosion -- lead vocals , lyricist skwisgaar skwigelf -- lead , rhythm guitar toki wartooth -- rhythm guitar pickles -- drums , vocals on '' hatredcopter '' and '' kill you '' william murderface -- bass dick '' magic ears '' knubbler -- production , engineering , mixing charles foster offdensen -- legal council , management , cfo all songs recorded at mordhaus studios , except '' murmaider '' and '' go into the water '' that were recorded miles below the earth 's surface in the dethsub studio deep within the mariana trench , and '' better metal snake '' , '' the lost vikings '' , and '' thunderhorse '' , aka '' the viking trilogy '' , recovered from sessions deleted by nathan explosion .
39	through his tumblr , kid cudi also unveiled the production credits for '' no one believes me '' and revealed that he was on guitar and accompanied dot da genius on drums , while dot da genius solely handled bass and piano .
32	track listing line-up during the album recording , these were the band members : patrik mennander ( vocals ) anssi auvinen ( guitar ) kai ahvenranta ( guitar ) mika kamppi ( bass ) sami karppinen ( drums ) music videos these are the music videos that were made from songs from this album : 3 .
25	after the addition of lee loughnane ( trumpet ) , james pankow ( trombone ) , robert lamm ( keyboards ) and peter cetera ( bass ) , the band performed under a number of different names , first the missing links , then the big thing ( sometimes called the big sound ) , before settling on chicago transit authority , which was soon shortened to chicago because of threatened legal action by the actual chicago transit authority .
36	track listing japanese release bonus tracks us release bonus tracks personnel british sea power yan ( scott wilkinson ) -- vocals , guitar , piano , organ hamilton ( neil hamilton wilkinson ) -- vocals , bass , guitar , piano , organ , backing vocals noble ( martin noble ) -- guitar , piano , backing vocals , organ wood ( matthew wood ) -- drums additional d. sharp -- french horn on '' blackout '' m. j. noble -- extra backing vocals on '' men together today '' and '' blackout '' v. oag -- recorded sea on '' fear of drowning '' recording all songs recorded by mads bjerke and british sea power at 2 khz .
20	personnel george harrison lead vocal , lead guitar john lennon backing vocal , rhythm guitar paul mccartney backing vocal , bass ringo starr drums , african drum george martin producer norman smith engineer anne murray version anne murray included a cover of '' i 'm happy just to dance with you '' on her 1980 album somebody 's waiting .
26	the musicians backing dylan on the track include charlie mccoy , joseph a. souter jr . , and wayne moss on guitar , henry strzelecki on bass , hargus '' pig '' robbins on piano , al kooper on organ and kenny buttrey on drums .
6	michael haggins is an american jazz bass , and songwriter .
1	- bass , backing vocals , leader .
6	jason '' moose '' harris - bass .
10	it features hard-driving heavy metal guitar riffs , the pounding bass rhythms characteristic of funk , and sometimes hip hop - style rhyme into an alternative rock approach to songwriting .
22	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is festively scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , flauto traverso , three oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
20	scoring and structure baroque oboe d'amore the cantata is scored for four soloists -- soprano , alto , tenor and bass -- a four-part choir , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
31	in 1916 , roberto firpo , an extremely successful bandleader of the period , cemented the arrangements for standard tango sextet : two bandoneon , two violins , piano and double bass .
18	personnel graham bonnet -- lead vocal trevor gordon -- backing vocal barry gibb -- guitar maurice gibb -- bass , piano colin petersen -- drums bill shepherd -- orchestral arrangement cover versions in 1968 , an italian version from the english group sopworth camel , named '' sei la mia donna '' in 1975 , the bee gees , recorded their version for inclusion on their album main course .
16	personnel andi deris - vocals michael weikath - guitar roland grapow - guitar markus grosskopf - bass uli kusch - drums trivia the japanese cover art has the '' helloween '' logo in the same type of '' scratch writing '' as the album title .
18	tracklisting personnel joan wasser -- vocals , guitar , strings , clavinet , electric piano tyler wood -- bass , electric organ , trumpet , piano , synthesizer , percussion , backing vocals parker kindred -- drums , percussion , backing vocals doug wieselman -- baritone saxophone and tenor saxophone oren bloedow -- guitar briggan krauss -- baritone saxophone , alto saxophone steven bernstein -- trumpet and french horn joseph arthur , nathan larson , michelle zayla , stephanie mckay , toshi reagon -- backing vocals reggie watts -- outro on ` holy city ' , human beatbox on ` the classic ' .
18	personnel lead vocals , guitar and keys by kira leyden lead guitar and additional vocals by jeff andrea bass by marco hilj drum by eric ortopan ashlee simpson version '' invisible '' was covered by ashlee simpson , released as a single in the summer of 2006 ; to date , it is the first single by simpson that she did not co-write .
18	robert emile deleo ( born february 2 , 1966 in montclair , new jersey ) is an american bass player , songwriter , and harmony vocalist for the rock band stone temple pilots .
47	the single was released on the dragonaire 's own dragon 's breath label in jamaica , and was the second release on the blue beat label in the united kingdom , and was unusual for a jamaican single as it featured an electric organ and a fender bass which lee had purchased during a visit to the united states - the first such instruments ever seen on the island .
43	enhanced edition bonus tracks normal listing + credits mathias '' warlord '' nygård -- vocal , orchestral programming , keyboard jussi wickström -- guitar tuomas '' tude '' lehtonen -- drums , percussion olli vänskä -- violin hannes '' hanu '' horma -- bass , backing vocals janne '' lisko '' mäkinen -- accordion music by mathias nygård , except track 3 ( nygård / wickström ) , 5 ( nygård / lisko/v änskä ) and 6 ( nygård / vänskä ) .
22	the sounds of definite or indefinite time obey the fabric of their voices , divided into soprano , alto , tenor and bass .
23	credits band petri lindroos − harsh vocals and guitar kristian ranta − guitar and clean vocals toni hallio − drums jukka koskinen − bass tuomas planman − keyboards and synthesizer production and other engineered by anssi kippo , assisted by t. auvinen .
10	the greatest of faure 's french heirs were the lyric bass pol plançon ( 1851-1914 ) -- who modelled his vocal method directly on that of faure -- and jean lassalle ( 1847-1909 ) , who succeeded faure as principal baritone at the paris opera .
14	credits and personnel ; personnel madonna -- vocals , background vocals bernard edwards -- bass brenda king -- background vocals curtis king -- background vocals lenny pickett -- saxophone nile rodgers -- guitar , synclavier robert sabino -- synthesizer nathaniel s. hardy , jr . -- synthesizer frank simms -- background vocals george simms -- background vocals dave weckl -- drums tony thompson -- drums ; design jeri mcmanus -- art direction , design jeffrey kent ayer -- art direction , design steven meisel -- photography maripol -- stylist ; production madonna -- producer stephen bray -- producer nile rodgers -- producer jason corsaro -- engineer budd tunick -- production manager bob ludwig -- audio mastering jimmy bralower -- drum programming ; record company sire records -- record label , u.s. copyright owner ( 1984 , 1985 ) warner bros. .
51	theme according to the official jesus christ superstar website , in the song : the song is noted for , after a slow beginning , launching into more of a '' rock and roll '' feel than many other songs in the musical , and being sung by a '' growling bass - voiced caiaphas and his screechy tenor minions '' .
21	they recruited drummer martin '' frosty '' beedle , previously a member of the cabaret band on the qe2 , and bass player colin farley , a session musician living in spain .
10	track listing original pressing us pressing personnel haruomi hosono : bass , electronics , keyboards , arrangements ryuichi sakamoto : keyboards , electronics , percussion , orchestration yukihiro takahashi : vocals , drums , percussion , electronics hideki matsutake : microcomposer programming chris mosdell : lyrics shunichi hashimoto : vocal on '' simoon '' masayoshi takanaka : electric guitar on '' cosmic surfin '' and '' la femme chinoise '' tomoko nunoi : additional vocals on '' la femme chinoise '' ( credited as '' sexy voice '' ) minako yoshida : vocals on '' tong poo '' ( us version ) chart positions computer game / firecracker the song '' firecracker '' was released as a single in japan in 1978 and in the united states and united kingdom in 1979 , becoming a major b hit in the united states .
5	he recently retired from singing bass in the choir of st. mary 's cathedral , glasgow .
21	fire it up has been used by the mlb track listing credits trevor mcnevan - vocals , guitar joel bruyere - bass steve augustine - drums pete stewart - additional guitar music video trevor mcnevan stated that a music video for the song , which will make it the first song from welcome to the masquerade to receive one , was in production .
13	austral duly went to london where she was promoted by the leading british bass of the day , robert radford .
54	track listing personnel patrick simmons - guitar , lead vocals john mcfee - guitars , pedal steel guitar , violin , vocals michael mcdonald - keyboards , synthesizer , lead vocals cornelius bumpus - saxophone , synthesizer , organ , vocals , lead vocal on '' jesus is just alright '' willie weeks - bass , vocals keith knudsen - drums , vocals , lead vocal on '' do n't start me to talkin ' '' chet mccracken - drums , vibraphone , marimbas bobby lakind - congas , percussion , vocals with tom johnston - guitar and lead vocals on '' china grove '' and '' listen to the music '' ' ( and '' slippery st. paul '' ) dave shogren & john hartman appear , uncredited , on '' slippery st. paul .
9	the band currently consists of brothers henry chadwick ( bass and vocals ) and george chadwick ( guitar and vocals ) , and tyler raynes ( drums ) .
21	anna is primarily a pianist and vocalist , but most of her recordings feature a full band , including guitar , bass , drums , and often her original string quartet arrangements .
12	track listing personnel jacob lovatt -- guitar , vocals raydale dower -- bass matthew black -- drums david philp - guitar on all tracks except black hat , 2-fiddy , whalin ' and the train jamie bolland - keyboards on all tracks except 2-fiddy and the train andrew hobson -- guitar on black hat , 2-fiddy , whalin ' and the train nic denholm -- keyboards on 2-fiddy and the train engineers : frederick baggs and geoff allan recorded at : redchurch recordings , london , england ( tracks 1-8 , 13 , 16 , 18-21 ) and cava studios , glasgow , scotland ( tracks 9-12 , 14 , 15 , 17 ) .
45	from the information provided in the liner notes of the original release slippery when ill it can be deduced that the performers on the first eight tracks of country tunes are dave quackenbush on vocals , jan nils ackermann on guitar , robbie allen on bass , and joe escalante on drums .
7	one day david invited him to play bass for opeth and åkerfeldt accepted the offer .
22	track listing personnel ; oingo boingo danny elfman - lead vocals steve bartek - guitar richard gibbs - keyboards kerry hatch - bass johnny '' vatos '' hernandez - drums leon schneiderman - baritone and alto saxophones sam '' sluggo '' phipps - tenor and soprano saxophones dale turner - trumpet , trombone recorded december 1980 - february , 1981 at : record plant , united western studios , cherokee studios , and westlake audio .
23	) ; america dewey bunnell -- lead vocal , acoustic guitar gerry beckley -- 12-string acoustic guitar , backing vocal dan peek -- bass , backing vocal ; session musicians ray cooper - percussion kim haworth - drums in popular culture the song was one of many popular songs quoted and parodied on the album the third reich 'n roll by the residents .
20	the track begins with an intro with a lead guitar melody , which plays twice , accompanied by drums , bass , distorted rhythm guitar and saxophone .
21	the band consists of gil assayas , keyboards and lead vocals , assa bukelman , electric guitar , shai saadia , bass , and assaf kraus , drums and backing vocals ( and up until lately also ohad eilam ( former lead singer , guitarist and songwriter ) .
22	camp meeting is the tenth studio album by american pianist and singer bruce hornsby , who was joined by christian mcbride ( bass ) and jack dejohnette ( drums ) .
31	the album was recorded in stereo quadraphonic sound and featured guest performances by members of the grateful dead , including jerry garcia playing treated guitar and phil lesh playing electronic alembic bass .
34	track listing all tracks composed by lee ritenour ; except where indicated personnel lee ritenour -- synthesizer , electric guitar , vocals , classical guitar bill dickinson , louis johnson , chuck rainey -- bass chuck findley -- trumpet dave green , ian underwood -- synthesizer ed greene , harvey mason , sr. .
15	unlike its predecessors , which relied almost exclusively on a foundation of electric guitar , bass , and dual drummers , it makes equally heavy use of the acoustic guitar .
37	the group was the most commercially successful of the acoustic era , and at the peak of their popularity , between about 1911 and 1917 , also featured tenor henry burr , baritone arthur collins , and bass john meyer .
10	the band combined lehman 's use of funk with the bass , and pantella had blended drum loops along with his live drumming at shows .
31	following king 's exit , roland vaughn kerridge took over on drums and later , after craig 's departure , musician thomas dolby introduced the band to ex - gloria mundi bass player nigel ross-scott , thus completing re-flex 's final and perhaps best-known line-up .
24	members loles vázquez '' anarkoma zorrita '' - guitar mamen rodrigo '' evelyn zorrita '' - voice begoña astigarraga '' ruth zorrita '' - bass lupe vázquez '' pigüy zorrita '' - drums discography «me gusta ser una zorra» / «inkisición» ( dos rombos , 1983 ) .
18	the original lineup consisted of don fleming ( vocals and guitar ) , eric vermillion ( vocals , bass ) , and jay spiegel ( drums ) .
17	the signature sound of krautrock mixed rock music and '' rock band '' instrumentation ( guitar , bass , drum ) with electronic instrumentation and textures , often with what would now be described as an ambient music sensibility .
18	musicians peter gabriel -- vocals , cmi , piano , synthesizer manu katché -- drums tony levin -- bass david rhodes -- guitar daniel lanois -- guitar , tambourine wayne jackson -- trumpet mark rivera -- tenor saxophone don mikkelsen -- trombone p. p. arnold -- backing vocals coral gordon -- backing vocals dee lewis -- backing vocals chart performance weekly charts year-end charts covers and appearances in 1986 , '' weird al '' yankovic covered this song as the first song from his polka medley '' ! '' from the 1986 album of the same name .
14	background '' all we know '' is about the departure of the band 's bass player , jeremy davis , and the divorce of hayley williams ' parents .
17	it is also used for the lowest notes of the horn , and for the baritone and bass voices .
29	by 1997 , he had recruited permanent members ; this line-up , which consisted of townsend on vocals and guitar , jed simon on guitar , byron stroud on bass , and gene hoglan on drums , lasted until the band 's dissolution .
30	'' personnel musicians performing together in the whiskey rebellion include : mary simpson -- violin / vocals jared pool -- mandolin / vocals roy myers -- banjo tim deibler -- bass ryan phillips -- guitar distinctions , honors , and awards the whiskey rebellion music video , the ballad of chester copperpot , took the 2010 gold level oregon film awards : oregon film competition at the .
14	personnel dado villa-lobos -- guitar marcelo bonfá -- drums and percussion renato rocha -- bass renato russo -- vocals , classical guitar , keyboard album certification see also faroeste caboclo , a 2013 movie based on the song .
39	charlie lost interest in '' the piano and flute '' sound that sui generis had been developing , and decided that sui generis needed a change ; the band would evolve to a more traditional rock sound , incorporating bass and drums .
36	other members at various times included eric altman ( drum , played drums live and on all jimmy george recordings ) , christine chesser ( fiddle , vocals - chickpea ) , and vitas paukstitis ( bass ) .
56	brian vander ark -- lead vocals , acoustic guitar on tracks 3-6 , 8 and 9 ; classical guitar on '' go to sleep now '' donny brown -- drums , background vocals , percussion , synthesizer ; keyboards on '' when one became two '' and '' only one of you '' john connors -- bass lou musa -- electric guitar on '' wake up '' , '' cereal '' , '' only one of you '' and '' suppertime !
11	track listing hola chau personnel vicentico -- vocals flavio cianciarulo -- bass ariel minimal -- guitar mario siperman -- keyboards fernando ricciardi -- drums daniel lozano -- trumpet & flugelhorn fernando albareda -- trombone gerardo '' toto '' rotblat -- percussion former members sergio rotman -- saxophone & backing vocals vaino rigozzi -- guitar luciano jr. -- backing vocals naco goldfinger -- backing vocals guests josé bale -- percussion pablo puntoriero -- saxophone & flute gustavo liamgot -- electric piano & accordion juan pablo quiroga -- backing vocals dvd a special 2-dvds set with full footage of the concerts was released in 2006 .
28	reception track listing performers dave quackenbush - vocals warren fitzgerald - guitar , backing vocals , lead vocals on '' i have a date '' joe escalante - bass , backing vocals josh freese - drums brooks wackerman - backing vocals on '' live fast , diarrhea '' album information record label : nitro records recorded at formula one studios in la habra , california all songs copyright and published 1995 by greco-roman publishing co. , except '' i have a date '' ( covina high music bmi ) and '' supercalifragilisticexpialidocious '' ( 1963 sherman music/wonderland music co. , inc. .
2	leigh marklew bass - born 10 august 1968 , bradford .
27	they disbanded in 1951 and powell formed the austin powell quintet , which consisted of former cats and the fiddle members johnny davis , stanley gaines ( bass ) , doris knighton , as well as beryl booker , and dottie smith .
6	while there , he created the bass line and composed samples around that .
22	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , cornett to double the chorale melody , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
12	sebastian steinberg ( born february 20 , 1959 ) is an american bass player , best known for his work in the band soul coughing .
15	naoko sang lead and played guitar , nakatani was also a lead singer and played bass and keyboards , and atsuko sang backing vocals , played drums , and designed their stage outfits .
32	track listing line-up during the album recording , these were the band members : patrik mennander ( vocals ) anssi auvinen ( guitar ) kai ahvenranta ( guitar ) mika kamppi ( bass ) sami karppinen ( drums ) music videos the only song from this album made into a music video is '' tuonen viemää '' .
22	in 1986 , he joined musicians tony macalpine ( guitar ) , tommy aldridge ( drums ) , and rudy sarzo ( bass ) in a project called m.a.r.s. .
36	formed on january 1 , 2000 , it has consisted of yomi ( lead vocals ) , sakito ( lead guitar & backing vocals ) , hitsugi ( rhythm guitar ) , ni ~ ya ( bass & backing vocals ) and ruka ( drums & percussion ) for the majority of their career .
18	later that year , siegel became the eels bassist ( this was the first time he played the bass on a group ) .
8	in 1987 he joined the ensemble as a bass soloist , and became people 's artist of the ussr .
2	he played bass and synthesizer .
16	personnel barry gibb - vocals , guitar robin gibb - vocals maurice gibb - vocals , bass blue weaver - keyboards , synthesizers , piano alan kendall - lead guitar dennis bryon - drums joe lala - percussion yvonne elliman version '' if i ca n't have you '' was recorded by yvonne elliman for the saturday night fever soundtrack .
1	the bass begins each '' '' .
21	their 1973 debut album fool 's wisdom sported a stellar cast of session musician including john wetton of king crimson on bass , rod edwards and roger hand of edwards hand on keyboards and percussion , veteran drummer clem cattini , and guitarist mickey keen of hudson ford .
4	mills and former parliament bass player 'mad ' mike banks were founding members of detroit techno collective underground resistance ( ur ) , which embraced revolutionary rhetoric and only appeared in public dressed in ski masks and black combat suits .
30	according john crosby 's professor longhair : a bio-discography , performers included roy byrd ( vocals , piano ) , lee allen ( tenor saxophone ) , frank fields ( bass ) , earl palmer ( drums ) , and alvin '' red '' tyler ( baritone saxophone ) .
20	rhapsody 's then-producers , sascha paeth and miro , were hired to do the same job and also to provide bass and keyboard duties , respectively ( luca also performed additional keyboard parts himself ) .
2	webb played bass for talk talk until 1988 .
3	although primarily a bass player , he plays several instruments , including the guitar and keyboards , and has done extensive arranging .
5	'' personnel sascha konietzko -- bass , vocals , guitar , synths , programming en esch -- vocals , guitars , drums , programming raymond watts -- vocals ( '' no meat -- no man '' , '' do n't blow your top '' , '' disgust '' ) , programming ( '' no meat -- no man '' , '' do n't blow your top '' , '' disgust '' ) jr. .
7	the experimental number relies on a strong bass line and a simple keyboard riff .
18	many instruments may be incorporated into the music , but the overall sound is defined by a definitive bass or drum beat and electric guitar .
42	musical career formed in the early 1930s in kinston , north carolina , the group initially featured william brown ( lead tenor ) , julius davis ( tenor ) , louis '' panella '' david ( baritone ) and lewis herring ( bass ) , all former farmers .
34	in 1974 , he founded pork pie and teamed up with philip catherine ( guitar ) , charlie mariano ( saxophone ) , aldo romano ( drums ) , and jean-françois jenny clark ( bass ) .
18	personnel elton john - piano , vocals pete townshend - guitar richie zito - guitars dee murray - bass james newton-howard - synthesizer jeff porcaro - drums steve holly - tambourine covers country music artist kathy mattea covered the song on her 1985 album from my heart .
12	handel used four voice parts , soprano , alto , tenor and bass in the solo and choral movements .
15	the song is not written in standard verse-chorus form and its instrumentation includes guitar , bass and organ .
46	mark reizen mark osipovich reizen , also reisen or reyzen ( , born in zaitsevo village , ekaterinoslav province , russian empire ( now ukraine ) died november 25 , 1992 moscow , russia ) was a leading soviet opera singer with a beautiful and expansive bass voice .
14	matthew rose ( born 4 may 1978 in brighton ) is an english opera bass .
31	as a side-project of mabbitt during his part in escape the fate , the remaining required members he recruited to start the word alive were chosen to be nick urlacher ( bass ) , dusty riach ( keyboard ) and tony aguilera ( drums ) .
12	autumn leaves is 1980 album by bill evans with eddie gómez on bass and marty morell on drums .
30	track listing personnel atsushi sakurai - lead vocals hisashi imai - lead guitar , backing vocals hidehiko hoshino - rhythm guitar , acoustic guitar , backing vocals yutaka higuchi - bass toll yagami - drums additional performers tsutomu nakayama - keyboards , backing vocals jun-ichi tanaka - backing vocals production buck-tick - producers kazumitsu higuchi ; kazuo sawaki - executive producer shuuji yamaguchi - engineer , mixing hideaki ikeda ; kouki fukui - assistant engineers katsunori miyake - graphic design , cover art masanori kato - photography notes ^ \* originally released on the compilation album bt in 1999 .
29	the last line-up was alex gillings ( rhythm guitar ) , gemma clarke ( drums ) , claire wakeman ( lead guitar , vocals ) and lulu small ( bass ) .
25	'' track listing charts personnel ; cobra starship gabe saporta -- lead vocals ryland blackinton -- guitar , backing vocals and synthesizer alex suarez -- bass and backing vocals nate navarro -- drums victoria asher -- keytar and backing vocals all songs written and performed by cobra starship produced by cobra starship except : track 3 produced by kevin rudolf .
9	he is known for his ability to sing from bass to soprano , as his vocal cords are three times the length of an average person 's .
18	track listing credits band members marcel coenen − guitars dennis leeflang − drums rob van der loo − bass joost van den broek − keyboards andré vuurboom − vocals other drums and guitars recorded at studio moskou , utrecht , the netherlands , engineered by silvia vermeulen .
22	other members included dag stiberg on tenor saxophone , behzad farazollahi on drum , anders møller on percussion and raymond jensen on bass .
15	taylor 's longtime friend shawn economaki joined shortly after , and filled in as the bass player .
44	on may 26 , 1882 , while on tour with a company organized by clara louise kellogg , the 19-year-old classical pianist herman rietzel , already a concert veteran and considered to be well-launched on a promising career , joined george conly , a bass singer with the company , for a pleasure outing on the lake .
36	pablo cruise is a pop / rock band currently composed of david jenkins ( guitar and vocals ) , cory lerios ( keyboards and vocals ) , steve price ( drums ) and larry antonino ( bass and vocals ) .
24	lineup søren huss ( born 6 september 1975 ) -- vocals , acoustic guitar jeppe langebek knudsen ( born 17 august 1976 ) -- bass palle sørensen ( born 8 september 1974 ) -- drums sebastian sandstrøm ( born 30 june 1978 ) -- guitar jess jensen ( born 8 march 1977 ) -- keyboards discography albums eps singles ; charting singles ; other songs 2002 : '' the day after tomorrow '' 2002 : '' the second you sleep '' 2002 : '' in spite of '' 2004 : '' brilliant sky '' 2004 : '' bend the rules '' 2005 : '' guardian angel '' in other media veronica mars -- '' brilliant sky '' was featured in episode 1x11 , '' silence of the lamb '' .
9	instead bernard edwards , the producer , played all bass parts on living in fear , and took over as the group 's official fourth member .
10	their original line-up consisted of burke shelley on vocals and bass , tony bourge on guitar and vocals , and ray phillips on drums .
24	track listing personnel band members manne ikonen - vocals tommi kiviniemi - guitar wille naukkarinen - guitar veli-matti suihkonen - drums janne julin - bass guests aleksi munter -- keyboards production recorded by antti malinen at seawolf studios , helsinki , finland .
16	pol henri plançon ( 12 june 1851 11 august 1914 ) was a distinguished french operatic bass ( basse chantante ) .
20	the choir typically uses '' satb '' voices ( soprano or treble , alto or counter-tenor , tenor , and bass ) , though in many works some or all of these voices are divided into two for part or all of the piece ; in this case the two halves of the choir ( one on each side of the aisle ) are traditionally named decani ( or 1 , for the higher voice ) and cantoris ( or 2 , for the lower voice ) .
12	recordings while in puerto rico , in 1969 , tito rodríguez 's bass player failed to arrive at a concert .
3	tony molloy - bass .
17	-- 1735 ) was a french opera singer active at the paris opéra where he created many bass roles during the late 17th and early 18th centuries .
15	members christopher powell / pow pow -- drums tookie sherman -- keyboard chris reggiani -- bass a.i. -- vocal , banjo jamey robinson -- piano jim reggiani -- percussion griffin rodriguez -- megabass larry d. brown -- saxophone man durphic -- aestheticist magic ronston -- aestheticist discography need new body ( 2001 , file thirteen records / pickled egg records ) ufo ( 2003 , file thirteen records / pickled egg records ) where 's black ben ?
26	perhaps best known as an electric and acoustic guitar player , rhodes is a multi-instrumentalist who has also performed and/or recorded playing piano , dobro , bass , theremin , and percussion .
18	credits band members martin hanner − guitar , keyboards andreas edlund − guitar , keyboards jonas sjögren − bass henrik wenngren − death vocals tobias björk − drums production and other produced , engineered and mixed by tommy tägtgren and skyfire .
24	the 1998 incarnation of karnivool consisted of kenny on lead vocals , andrew ` drew ' goddard on lead guitar , andrew brown on bass and brett mckenzie on drums .
3	members kathy bull bass norma o'malley keyboards , flute lesley paris drum denise roughan guitar kath webster guitar careers after look blue go purple after the band split up , bull went on to cyclops , and has since recorded a solo album , some from the sky , under her new name francisca griffin .
3	jeremy boettcher ( bass ) , nick ball ( guitar ) , and bon iver bandmate mike noyce ( viola ) played a large percentage of the music that carey could not .
45	gila 's original lineup was daniel alluno ( drums , bongos , tabla , percussion ) , fritz scheyhing ( organ , mellotron , percussion , keyboards ) , conny veit ( guitar , vocals , tabla , additional keyboards ) and walter wiederkehr ( bass ) .
7	song information it was written by former bass player gary valentine , a/k/a gary lachman , for his then girlfriend lisa jane persky before his departure from the band .
15	as with her single '' let me be there '' , mike sammes sings a bass harmony .
5	early members included owens ( bass ) and mulholland ( drums ) .
28	his next composition , ecuatorial , was completed in 1934 , and contained parts for two fingerboard theremin cellos , along with winds , percussion , and a bass singer .
21	; green day billie joe armstrong -- lead vocals , guitar , harmonica on '' walking alone '' mike dirnt -- bass , backing vocals , baseball bat on '' desensitized '' tré cool -- drums , bongo , tambourine ; additional musicians petra haden -- violin on '' hitchin ' a ride '' and '' last ride in '' conan mccallum -- violin on '' good riddance ( time of your life ) '' gabrial mcnair , stephen bradley -- horn david campbell -- strings arranger ; production rob cavallo ; green day -- producer ken allardyce -- recording , engineer tony flores , mike dy , barry goldberg , bill kinsley , wes seidman -- additional engineers chris lord-alge -- mixing snorri brothers -- photography chris bilheimer -- photography , art direction , design chart positions weekly charts certifications references notes bibliography diehl , matt .
37	members ; current members ben barlow - lead vocals ( 2012 -- present ) lloyd roberts - lead guitar ( 2012 -- present ) matt west - rhythm guitar ( 2012 -- present ) fil thorpe-evans - bass ( 2012 -- present ) dani washington - drums ( 2012 -- present ) discography ; studio albums wishful thinking ( 2014 ) rain in july ( 2012 ) a history of bad decisions ( 2013 ) neck deep / knuckle puck tour 7 '' ( 2014 ) rain in july / a history of bad decisions ( 2014 ) awards ; kerrang !
24	he sang leading vocals for the first time since the first album , and played most of the instruments himself including all guitar , bass and keyboards .
9	members -- vocals ( 2003 -- present ) -- bass , backing vocals ( 2003 -- present ) -- drums ( 2003 -- present ) -- guitar , backing vocals ( 2007 -- present ) -- keyboards , synthesizer ( 2007 -- present ) ; former members -- guitars , backing vocals ( 2003 -- 2007 ) equipment yu-ki ( keyboards ) uses a korg x50 and a yamaha mo6 in a firm ultimate ax48b rack .
3	lou howard played bass and hallam lewis was on guitar and vocals .
7	their recordings also feature wayne chaulk on bass or guitar , ray johnson on accordion or fiddle , and kevin blackmore on mandolin , fiddle , guitar , and any number of improvised percussion instruments including tupperware lids and garbage bags .
3	george duvivier -- bass art taylor -- drums january 13 , 1955 , side a track 5 and side b tracks 1-5 .
19	mad planet is an indie electro rock band hailing from silverlake , california , consisting of cooper gillespie ( bass / vocals ) , greg gordon ( drums , sequences ) and tony crouse ( guitar , keys ) .
8	members richard pike - vocals , guitar , bass , keyboards , production laurence pike - drums , keyboards , percussion dave miller - laptop , production laurence pike was also the founder of the now disbanded the leaf label group triosk , and has recorded and performed with savath and savalas , prefuse 73 , qua , bill callahan , jack ladder , flanger and jazz veteran mike nock , as well as a solo drum 10 '' release under the name laurenz pike for berlin 's monika enterprise label .
13	they selected the britons steve chapman ( drums ) and charlie harrison ( bass ) ( former judas jump ) , both of whom had played together with leo sayer and al stewart , to round out their new quartet .
44	track listing ; original issue , warwick w 2041 ; volume 2 , warwick w 2041-2 ; a recent cd issue , 2010 , fresh sound records personnel pepper adams - baritone saxophone donald byrd - trumpet herbie hancock - piano laymon jackson - bass jimmy cobb - drums reissues the recording sessions were reissued under various titles and leading artists , some even with changed track titles ( false composer credits , missing names of bassist and drummer and the recording date ) .
23	yevgeny nesterenko ( 2008 ) yevgeny yevgenievich nesterenko ( евгений евгеньевич нестеренко , born 8 january 1938 ) is a renowned russian opera bass .
6	andrea bellini was an italian opera bass who had an active career performing in italy 's major opera house from the 1840s through the 1870s .
5	from 1990 , he played bass with commitments star andrew strong for 4 years and then toured with the commitments band for a year , before getting a call from corrs manager john hughes in 1995 .
40	credits and personnel music : garbage lyrics : garbage produced : garbage performed & mixed : garbage 2nd engineer : mike zirkel vocals : shirley manson keyboards : duke erikson samples & loops : steve marker drums : butch vig bass : mike kashou recorded at smart studios , madison , wisconsin .
15	michael '' mad dog '' mavridoglou ( born 1978 ) is an american trumpet / bass player and keyboardist from cincinnati , oh .
7	the original line-up consisted of mooseman on bass , beatmaster v on drums and d-roc on rhythm guitar .
22	band personnel doc schoko : vocals , lead vocalist , guitar kurt kreikenbom : drums uwe jahnke : guitar jo-jo wolter : bass the sound of the band doc schoko 's band started out as a straight punk rock outfit .
18	he is the younger brother of the 1960s pop star eden kane , for whom he briefly played bass , and the elder brother of pop singer clive sarstedt .
27	for the project the members of lazlo bane switched instruments and took pseudonym : dino ( chicken ) - vocals , fuzzy ( tim bright ) - bass , licks ( chad fischer ) - drums , and stixx ( chris link ) - guitar .
5	powers played all instruments ( bass , guitar , drums , keyboard ) , recorded , produced , mixed , and engineered the album himself in his apartment in nashville , tennessee .
14	musicians chuck berry -- vocals , guitar lafayette leake -- piano willie dixon -- bass fred below -- drum legacy berry 's recording of the song was included on the voyager golden record , attached to the voyager spacecraft as representing rock and roll , one of four american songs included among many cultural achievements of humanity .
18	many instruments may be incorporated into funk rock , but the overall sound is defined by a definitive bass or drum beat and electric guitar .
14	however , in its fullest form the omnibus progression involves a descent in the bass which traverses a whole octave and includes every note of the chromatic scale .
7	personnel paul mccartney -- lead vocal , bass , piano , comb and tissue paper kazoo john lennon -- backing vocal , vocal percussion , acoustic rhythm guitar , comb and tissue paper kazoo george harrison -- backing vocal , slide guitar , acoustic rhythm guitar , comb and tissue paper kazoo ringo starr -- drums shawn phillips - backing vocals george martin -- producer , piano geoff emerick -- engineer other versions fats domino included a cover of this song in his 1968 album fats is back .
20	the band formed in auckland in 1979 , composed of vocalist tony drumm , guitarist michael o'neill , keyboard and bass player peter van der fluit and drummer '' laurence '' yoh '' landwer-johan .
38	the single , which coupled the band originals '' please let me love you '' and '' do n't be long '' , featured mcguinn , clark , and crosby , augmented by session musician ray pohlman on bass and earl palmer on drums .
22	members horn , paul - guitar , polysix , quasimidi 309 , mini analog synth created by paul onnen , dave - bass shapiro , jason - roland jp-8000 , roland mc-909 , symetrix 606 , tc electronic d-two teasley , fred - guitar , ms-20 , micromoog biography in february 1996 , jason shapiro and paul horn collaborated on a primarily improvised performance for a showcase at intermedia arts in minneapolis , minnesota ( '' you 're my avant-guitar hero '' , february 23 24 , 1996 ) .
27	4 runner was an american country music vocal group founded in 1993 by lead singer craig morris , baritone billy crittenden , tenor lee hilliard , and bass jim chapman .
11	personnel matthew bellamy lead vocals , guitar , piano christopher wolstenholme bass , backing vocals , harmonica , guitar on '' hoodoo '' dominic howard drums , backing vocals on '' supermassive black hole '' morgan nicholls keyboard , synthesizer , backing vocals , percussion tour dates support shows muse performed slots for depeche mode in sweden and my chemical romance in the united states .
25	track listing personnel ed wynne -- guitar , synthesizer , samps seaweed ( christopher lenox-smith ) -- synthesizers john egan -- flute zia geelani -- bass johnny morgan -- drums rad ( conrad price ) -- drums callum wait - bongo drums trivia a pyramidion is the uppermost piece of an egyptian pyramid .
20	scoring and structure similar to other weimar cantatas , the work is scored for soprano , alto , tenor and bass soloists , a four-part choir for the chorale only if at all , an obbligato bassoon , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
34	personnel john lennon lead vocal ( chorus ) , harmony vocal ( verses ) , lead guitar ( solo ) paul mccartney lead vocal ( verses ) , harmony vocal ( chorus ) , bass george harrison harmony vocal ( chorus ) , lead guitar ( riff ) ringo starr drums , tambourine cover versions the jimi hendrix experience covered this song on bbc sessions .
31	premiere performance the premiere performance of the origin was conducted by julie pretzat and featured soprano jacqueline horner from the a cappella quartet , anonymous 4 ; tenor todd graber ; bass eric johnson ; the women 's vocal ensemble , kitka ; the suny oswego college choir ; oswego college-community orchestra ; and the oswego festival chorus .
12	largely dispensing with the track 's instrumental backing ( apart from distant bass and occasional acoustic guitar ) the remix features kela 's beatboxing alongside rhys's lead vocal and follows the arrangement of the original .
13	personnel barry gibb -- lead and backing vocal maurice gibb -- piano , bass russell barnsley -- drums geoff grant -- trumpet steve kipner -- backing vocal robin gibb -- backing vocal nat kipner -- producer chart positions cover versions a version of the song performed and produced by the dissociatives was used as the theme song of the australian broadcasting corporation 's music-based quiz show spicks and specks ( 2005 -- 2011 ) .
21	'' personnel glenn frey : lead vocals , acoustic guitar bernie leadon : electric guitar , harmony vocals randy meisner : bass , backing vocals don henley : drums , percussion cover versions on the 1994 album , country music band little texas recorded a cover of '' peaceful easy feeling '' .
25	personnel axl rose - lead vocals slash - slide , lead guitar izzy stradlin - rhythm guitar , backing vocals , percussion duff mckagan - bass dizzy reed - piano matt sorum - drums michael monroe - harmonica , saxophone '' back off bitch '' this is track eight on use your illusion i. however , it was written before the band 's 1987 debut album , appetite for destruction .
30	history early career ( 1987 -- 1994 ) the urge was originally formed in 1987 by webster groves high school classmates jeff herschel ( drums ) , karl grable ( bass ) , and pat malecek ( guitar ) .
29	track listing bonus tracks personnel in flames anders fridén − vocals jesper strömblad − lead guitar , acoustic guitars & keyboards glenn ljungström − lead guitars johan larsson − bass & backing vocals björn gelotte − drums & lead guitars guest appearances fredrik nordström − keyboards oscar dronjak − vocal appearance on dead eternity fredrik johansson − lead guitar on december flower kasper dahlqvist − keyboards on wayfaerer production and composition produced by fredrik nordström and in flames .
6	tobias had previously played guitar and bass in the band squealer and would also go on to perform both roles in his side-project , taraxacum , which was active between 2000 and 2005 .
44	the line-up included former wizzard and move member rick price ( pedal steel guitar ) , alongside bob wilson ( trombone ) , billy paul ( alto and baritone saxes ) , paul robbins ( keyboard , backing vocals ) , graham gallery ( bass ) , and dave donovan ( drum ) .
28	track listing personnel ; alice in chains layne staley -- lead vocals jerry cantrell -- guitar , backing vocals sean kinney -- drums , percussion mike inez -- bass produced by alice in chains engineered and mixed by toby wright assisted by liz sroka and jon plum ; additional performers april acevez -- viola rebecca clemons-smith -- violin matthew weiss -- violin justine foy -- violoncello david atkinson -- harmonica randy biro -- additional vocals darrel peters -- additional vocals chart positions album singles i did not chart on the billboard hot 100 ; peak chart position represents hot 100 airplay data .
12	personnel martin '' sugar '' merchant ( vocals ) sean mccann ( bass ) robin file ( guitar ) robert '' maxi '' maxfield ( drum ) career the members sung or ` toasted ' vocals on their music .
22	pervis jackson ( may 17 , 1938 -- august 18 , 2008 ) was an american b singer , noted as the bass singer for the spinners , and was one of the group 's original members .
27	in 1979 , after playing with the reversible cords on may day at raul 's , erickson recorded 15 new songs with producer stu cook , former bass player of creedence clearwater revival .
2	jeffreys played bass on the first two albums of steve harley & cockney rebel , and later worked with a number of british bands , including be-bop deluxe , warm jets ( 1977-1980 ) and electric eels ( 1980-1981 ) .
20	marcus cliffe ( born 1962 , leeds , yorkshire , england ) is an english professional musician , currently the bass player in the manfreds , a reunion of members of the 1960s pop group manfred mann ( minus manfred mann himself ) .
6	track listing personnel phil lesh -- bass , vocals warren haynes -- guitar , vocals jimmy herring -- guitar john molo -- drums and percussion rob barraco -- keyboards , vocals michael kang -- violin on '' rock-n-roll blues '' limited edition there and back again was released in two different versions , the regular album , and a limited edition album .
12	members jeff gutt -- vocals danny hartwell -- guitar judd gruenbaum -- bass , backup vocals brandon brown -- drums ; former dave wasierski -- vocals ( 2004-2005 ) discography albums disconnected ( album advance ) advance/itunes jewel case version the dry cell collection 2008 sampler 2005 sampler 2003 sampler all songs were given two titles , the first title using lyrics from the song , and the second were the primarily used titles .
33	the session was produced by the chess brothers -- leonard and phil -- and backing chuck berry was johnnie johnson on piano , l. c. davis on tenor saxophone , willie dixon on bass , and fred below on drum .
15	he was the last and oldest member to join the boy band and was the bass vocalist of the group .
19	members dan curcio - acoustic guitar , vocals chris arntzen - guitar nick bilich - guitar paul smith-stewart - bass john vucinich - drums t bone - harmonica sound still time draws from many different genres such as funk , reggae , folk , and others .
8	personnel paul mccartney lead vocal , piano , bass , handclaps john lennon backing vocal , rhythm guitar , handclaps george harrison backing vocal , lead guitar , handclaps ringo starr drums , drums ( with brushes ) , handclaps ronnie scott tenor saxophone bill povey tenor saxophone harry klein baritone saxophone bill jackman baritone saxophone george martin producer ken scott engineer geoff emerick engineer cover versions fats domino covered the song in 1968 .
11	mikael höglund ( born 15 may 1962 ) is a swedish bass player , previously of the bands tryckvåg , great king rat and thunder , appearing on the 1995 album behind closed doors , live circuit and their finest hour ... and a bit , live at the bbc ( 1990-1995 ) .
30	these ensembles may be for any combination of instruments , but the most common line-up is trumpet , alto sax , tenor sax , trombone , guitar , piano , bass and drums , with guitar occasionally making way for another horn , for example baritone sax .
30	allmusic critic matthew greenwald calls it a '' breezy , infectious pop melody '' with '' choral harmony breaks , '' and particularly praises chris white 's '' melodic '' bass playing .
20	they were formed in 1988 by justin broadrick ( guitar , vocals , and programming ) and g.c. green ( bass ) and disbanded in 2002 .
34	'' members ; vocals anahí dulce maría alfonso herrera maite perroni christian chávez christopher uckermann charly rey -- guitar eddie tellez -- keyboard and piano gonzalo velazquez -- guitar and viola guido laris -- bass , musical director and vocalist luis emilio '' catire '' mauri -- percussion mauricio bicho soto lartigue -- drums discography spanish discography ; studio albums 2004 -- rebelde 2005 -- nuestro amor 2006 -- celestial 2007 -- empezar desde cero 2009 -- para olvidarte de mí portuguese discography ; studio albums 2005 -- rebelde ( edição brasil ) 2006 -- nosso amor rebelde 2006 -- celestial ( versão brasil ) english discography ; studio albums 2006 -- rebels tours 2005 : tour generación rbd tour generación rbd was rbd 's first national tour .
25	formed in 1991 in an industrial warehouse loft in hamilton , ontario , the band consisted of vocalist sandy mcintosh , guitar mark milne , bass gary '' wool '' mcmaster and wet spots drum doug lea .
7	he is not related to squeeze 's bass player , keith wilkinson although he was briefly a member of squeeze and can be seen in the video for ` this summer .
11	'' current band members dani filth -- vocals daniel firth -- bass martin skaroupka -- drums lindsay schoolcraft -- keys and vocals richard shaw - guitar marek '' ashok '' šmerda -- guitar discography ; studio albums the principle of evil made flesh ( 1994 ) dusk ... and her embrace ( 1996 ) cruelty and the beast ( 1998 ) midian ( 2000 ) damnation and a day ( 2003 ) nymphetamine ( 2004 ) thornography ( 2006 ) godspeed on the devil 's thunder ( 2008 ) darkly , darkly , venus aversa ( 2010 ) the manticore and other horrors ( 2012 ) hammer of the witches ( 2015 ) mention in popular culture cradle of filth are mentioned in the song with goth on our side by the band half man half biscuit on the album trouble over bridgwater .
15	roles armanda , soprano alexandre , baritone oskar , tenor philomène , mezzo-soprano portrait , bass recording a recording of the work was issued by supraphon in 1994 , conducted by františek jílek .
30	the track starts with 24 seconds of heavily effected guitar , drums and '' bizarre sound effects '' before the first verse begins , rising in volume as a looping bass line joins the mix and gruff rhys speaks the lines '' this song is daunted by a radical new vision , no more imperial colonial bastards , no more romantic comedies , this is a fanfare introduction to a high-powered , purposeful theme .
53	personnel franco mussida -- vocals , electric & acoustic guitar , 12 string guitar , theorbo , mandocello flavio premoli -- spinet , keyboards , hammond organ , minimoog , mellotron , tubular bell , harpsichord , piano , vocals mauro pagani -- flute , piccolo , violin , vocals giorgio piazza -- bass , vocals franz di cioccio -- drums , percussion , vocals all-time ranking per un amico is ranked number 15 on the prog archives top studio albums of all-time .
14	oszkár kálmán ( 19 june 1887 - 17 september 1971 ) was a hungarian bass , remembered as the first bluebeard .
16	track listing all songs written and arranged by bryan loren personnel bryan loren - keyboards , bass , synthesizers , guitars , drum programming recording and mixing engineers : paul mckenna , john hedeges , sabrina buchanen , richard cottrell , bryan loren executive producer - john mcclain charts singles notes '' summer love '' was the b-side for the lead single , '' ( baby tell me ) can you dance '' .
15	track listing personnel performers jordan blilie -- vocals mark gajadhar -- drums morgan henderson -- bass , nord ii , piano , g4 cody votolato -- guitar johnny whitney -- vocals , guitar on '' salesman , denver max '' , wurlitzer piano , glockenspiel , lawnmower chava mirel -- backing vocals production and design ross robinson -- producer the blood brothers -- co-producer mike fraser -- engineer , mixer mike terry -- engineer , pro tools george marino -- mastering yaeger rosenberg -- layout concept and design cody votolato -- layout concept and design johnny whitney -- layout concept and design kirk huffman -- cursive / flakiness sean mcgahan -- bluest / love vinyl information 1st pressing : 500 on 180 gram vinyl .
18	some boys ' choirs of churches or cathedrals are further supported by older male voices singing tenor and bass ; these singers are sometimes former choirboys .
20	townsend also chose jean savoie , a music store employee who plays in a beatles cover band , to play bass on the album .
19	the voices are abbreviated , s for soprano , a for alto , t for tenor , b for bass .
19	as a student at the university of florida , where he received a degree in journalism , doherty played bass in several punk rock bands , including the jeffersons and turbo satan .
33	the members were ste williams ( vocals ) , patrick harrison ( guitar ) , ally lambert ( drum ) , anthony hughes ( guitar and keyboard ) , and jay bennett ( bass ) .
34	history formation and early years fei comodo formed in may 2003 with an original line-up consisting of marc halls ( vocals and guitar ) , will phillipson ( guitar ) , phil walker ( bass ) and richard duvale ( drums ) .
27	on december 27 , the band embarked on what would be close to six weeks of studio work by playing songs repetitively in order to track the bass and drum parts .
34	the band 's original members were charlie waller on guitar and lead vocals , john duffey on mandolin and tenor vocals , bill emerson on banjo and baritone vocals , and larry lahey on bass .
24	he plays various string instruments such as acoustic and classic guitar , indian sarod , persia tar , turkish jumbush , moroccan ginberi and bass .
25	band members selene vigil-wilk -- vocals stefanie sargent -- guitar ( 1990 1992 ) ( died on june 27 , 1992 ) elizabeth davis -- bass valerie agnew -- drums roisin dunne -- guitar ( 1992 1996 ) lisa faye beatty -- guitar ( 1997 ) ( died on november 25 , 2011 ) discography albums sick 'em ( c/z records , 1992 ) .
22	joe schermie ( february 12 , 1946 - march 25 , 2002 ) was an american musician , best known as the bass player for the 1970s american rock-pop group three dog night .
5	for instance a drum , bass and guitar track might comprise a single scene .
30	history stimmwerck was founded in munich , germany in 2001 , by four specialists in classical vocal ensemble singing ; the two tenors , gerhard hölzle and klaus wenk , bass singer marcus schmidl , and counter tenor franz vitzthum .
14	com or simply ug , is a large guitarist community website including guitar and bass tablature , reviews of music and equipment , interviews with notable musicians , online written and video lessons , and forums .
23	members julie murphy wells - vocals robbie schaefer - guitar , vocals eddie hartness - percussion , vocals michael clem - guitar , bass , harmonica , vocals history name notwithstanding , the band is not from ohio .
27	personnel jack black lead vocals , rhythm acoustic guitar kyle gass lead acoustic guitar , backing vocals john konesky electric guitar , vocals for beelzeboss john spiker bass , backing vocals brooks wackerman drums notable events tenacious d played a show at the house of blues in las vegas on saturday 28th of july .
32	track listing tracks 11-13 are japanese bonus tracks personnel keith buckley -- vocals jordan buckley -- guitar andrew williams -- guitar michael '' ratboy '' novak jr. -- drums stephen micciche -- bass chart positions album - billboard ( north america ) songs romeo a go-go '' romeo a go-go '' is the lead track of this album .
16	from these derive both the modern terms '' alto '' ( and contralto ) and '' bass '' .
12	personnel elizabeth fraser - vocals robin guthrie - guitar simon raymonde - bass ; additional personnel lincoln fong - additional engineering cover versions the songs '' bluebeard '' and '' know who you are at every age '' were covered by cantopop artist faye wong for her 1994 album wu si lyun seung or random thoughts .
6	track listing personnel haruomi hosono - bass , guitar , flat mandolin , flat vocal , melodica , thumb piano ( on '' party '' ) , piano ( on '' party '' ) , horn ( wind and brass ) arrangement , production , sony tc-9400 masataka matsutoya - piano , fender rhodes , accordion shigeru suzuki - electric guitar tatsuo hayashi - drums , percussion hiroki komazawa - steel guitar kinji yoshino - horn arrangements , engineering , re-mix engineering masaki nomura - engineering shinzo ishiura , wind corporation - management ritsu kamimura - transportation misako hosono - cooking mitsunori miura ( for bellwood records ) - executive production masahiro nogami - photography work shop mu !
14	it features cameo appearances by saadiq , who appears at the beginning playing the bass , and cohen , who is shown at the end doing a mural of stone 's face ( reminiscent of her face on the cover of 2004 's mind body & soul ) .
9	massimo biolcati ( born 1972 ) is a jazz bass , and composer .
2	he played bass with white lion from 1984 to 1991 , and then went on with white lion drummer greg d'angelo to play with former kiss guitarist ace frehley , and then later with zakk wylde 's side-project lynyrd skynhead who evolved into glory and released one album in 1994 .
8	it was produced by the rolling stones ' bass player bill wyman .
16	flanking kidd on either side would be alan caddy ( guitar ) and brian gregg ( bass ) .
17	this was the last song recorded for the album , and features inxs drum jon farriss , bass chris bailey and rick brewster from the angels .
17	he studied opera at the prague conservatory under konstantin karenin , a student of the brilliant russian bass feodor chaliapin .
29	mozart 's requiem was sung at the funeral ; the soloists were the soprano jeanne-anais castellan , the mezzo-soprano pauline viardot , the tenor alexis dupont , and the bass luigi lablache ; chopin 's preludes no. 4 in e minor and no. 6 in b minor were also played .
13	original guano apes members henning rümenapp ( guitar ) , stefan ude ( bass ) and dennis poschwatta ( drums ) reunited after having spent time on individual projects - of which poschwatta 's band tamoto was the only real band , as well as the most successful .
13	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for soprano and bass soloists , oboe d'amore , two violin , viola , violoncello piccolo , organ and basso continuo .
9	features dale crover on drums and dave grohl on bass .
4	after years of playing bass , he opted for an acoustic guitar .
19	eric garrett ( 10 june 1931 -- majorca , spain , 7 may 2009 ) was an english opera bass .
43	; disc 1 ; disc 2 ( digipak edition only ) ; disc 2 : lost ( t ) apes ( basic edition only ) personnel ; guano apes sandra nasić -- vocals henning rümenapp -- guitar , backing vocals stefan ude -- bass , backing vocals dennis poschwatta -- drums , backing vocals ; additional musicians michael mittermeier - vocals on '' kumba yo !
43	a typical ` group ' line-up might include : johny lamb ( thirty pounds of bone , cottonmouth rocks , actress hands ) on cornet , sally megee ( cottonmouth rocks ) on keyboard , rob woolhouse ( the burns unit ) on bass , jon pugh ( the poppycocks ) on drums and tim didymus on saxophone .
10	it features chorus with soprano , contralto , tenor and bass solos .
19	according to an early 20th-century book written by david clippinger , all voices have a head register , whether bass or soprano .
8	they convinced kelly casper to join in on bass with matt playing guitar and singing .
45	allende-blin 's version was staged at the berlin state opera on 5 october 1979 with jesús lópez-cobos conducting , the baritone jean-philippe lafont as roderick usher , the soprano colette lorand as lady madeline , the tenor barry mcdaniel as the doctor , and the bass walter grönroos as roderick 's friend .
31	the members of the group johnny keyes ( tenor lead ) , thurman '' ray '' ramsey ( tenor ) , fred rakestraw ( tenor ) , and willie myles ( bass ) , were mentored by a local disc jockey , the magnificent montague .
9	in 1991 , powell auditioned for the position of bass - playing in the band my dying bride , but was turned down as the band had just filled the position .
18	history bikeride was formed in 1994 by tony carbone ( guitar , vocals ) , bill sipes ( bass ) , and craig hendricks ( drums ) in fountain valley , ca .
36	the kbc band was formed in 1985 by former jefferson airplane ( later jefferson starship ) members paul kantner ( guitar and vocals ) , marty balin ( vocals and guitar ) and jack casady ( bass ) .
25	personnel van morrison : vocal , guitar herbie armstrong : guitar ry cooder : slide guitar pee wee ellis : tenor saxophone david hayes : bass mark isham : trumpet mark jordan : piano toni marcus : violin katie kissoon : backing vocals peter van hooke : drums covers elvis costello - his version appears on the 1994 tribute album , and also on costello 's own 1995 album , kojak variety .
15	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for soprano , tenor and bass soloists and a four-part choir , two oboes da caccia , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
24	track listing credits david zach -- lead vocals , keyboard , rhythm guitar paul zach -- lead guitar , backing vocals philip zach -- bass , backing vocals daniel zach -- drums produced by remedy @ unl east campus great plains room ( lincoln , nebraska ) recorded by warehouse productions engineered by jim '' the homanator '' homan concert sound technician by barbara zach recording assistant - jay hansen mastered by jim '' the homanator '' homan @ warehouse productions ( omaha , nebraska ) design and layout by philip zach and jason peters lyrical consultation by aaron paul roberts photography by uncle david zach , sarah johnston , and amanda nix all songs written by remedy , except '' where you belong '' by peter furler .
9	the duo eventually added joy waters ( vocals , bass ) and eric taylor ( drums ) , and recorded their debut album , parentha see , for the atlanta-based third eye records label in 1995 .
16	he also traveled with conductor alexander peloquin and the boston college chorale , singing as a bass , baritone , and tenor .
22	they consisted of : george evans -- tenor dave labonte -- lead bill '' bus '' busby -- baritone wally singleton -- bass the confederates took first place in the 1956 spebsqsa international quartet championship after finishing second the year before .
21	stracke was a chicago fixture in music , theater , and television in the 1940s and was known for his booming bass voice .
23	spanish pop band formed by juan azagra ( juano ) vocals and guitar , francisco barroso ( francis ) guitar , isidro lucuix bass , carlos moreno keyboard and synthesizer and miguel ángel campos ( goyo ) drums .
15	the band decided to continue making music after thirsk 's death , and brought in bass guitarist randy bradbury from one hit wonder .
8	personnel phil ehart - drums dave hope - bass kerry livgren - guitar , keyboard robby steinhardt - violin , vocals , anvil steve walsh - keyboard , vocals rich williams - guitar re-release the cover art for on the other side .
4	after another change in bass players , 1998 saw the release of the boys and girls ep , which was released on both compact disc and 7" , with the cd containing an additional song .
16	personnel art pepper -- alto saxophone hampton hawes -- piano , electric piano charlie haden -- bass shelly manne -- drums sources richard cook & brian morton .
9	pascal benvenuti ( 1980 ) : french singer and bass , guitar , drums , ukulele , mandolin , and concertina player ; performs jazz punk and folk punk music ; current member of les louise mitchels and occasional member of anarcho-punk / folk punk band ghost mice ( 2002 present ) .
4	patrick plays guitar , bass , keyboards in the studio , and occasionally plays drums live .
15	anthym 's original bassist was deemed unsatisfactory , so slovak began teaching flea to play bass .
21	was recorded in august in the city of americana , without any mixing , and with a lineup of zhema on bass , soto junior on guitar , zé flávio in guitar , drums and lauder piloni angel on vocals .
40	other versions include those by dean martin , chick corea , ella fitzgerald , sarah vaughan , lita roza , magni wentzel with einar iversen , trumpet , endre iversen , piano , tor braun , guitar , erik amundsen bass ( recorded on may 2 , 1960 and released on the single odeon nd 7373 ) , nancy wilson , rickie lee jones , sonny rollins , oscar peterson , jamie cullum , featuring paula cole on vocals , and mark isham and kate ceberano on their album of duets bittersweet ( 2009 ) , sophie milman ( released on the album take love easy , 2009 ) , gwilym simcock ( on his 2007 release perception ) and paul mccartney on his 2012 album , kisses on the bottom .
6	he was best known as the bass of motown group the four tops , which he joined in 1953 and continued to perform with for over five decades , until april 8 , 2005 .
23	hal are a band from dublin , ireland composed of brothers dave allen ( vocals / guitar ) paul allen ( vocals / bass ) and stephen o'brien ( keyboards , occasional guitars and backing vocals ) ( drum ) , who formed in 2003 .
13	collaborations appeared on the 2005 herman dune album not on top , playing bass and providing vocals provided vocals for several tracks on the 1999 album the moon by the wooden stars provided vocals on snailhouse 's 2001 album the opposite is also true contributed vocals on baby eagle 's 2007 no blues contributed vocals to attack in black 's song '' i 'm a rock '' on the autumnal tour 2008 7 '' contributed vocals on daniel romano 's 2013 album come cry with me discography studio albums broken girl \* ( sub pop , sappy ) -- 1996 ( reissued by jagjaguwar with the '' dog love , pt .
18	members the cd inlay of oblivion names the members simply as : sigh - vocals john mac - bass al mogg - drums chi - guitar '' sigh '' is actually a pseudonym for simon denbigh , formerly of the march violets brian may d-rok owes some popularity to the fact that brian may , guitarist of queen played on two of the songs ( get out of my way and red planet blues ) .
32	the song features a slow detuned opening guitar solo , titled '' intro to shame '' , that suddenly speeds up at the 0 : 55 mark until the drums and the bass come in at 1 : 01 into the song .
25	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto ( a ) , tenor ( t ) and bass ( b ) ) , a four-part choir satb , trumpet ( tr ) , oboe ( ob ) , bassoon ( fg ) , two violin ( vl ) , two viola ( va ) and basso continuo ( bc ) .
4	charley anderson , ( bass player and founding member of the 2-tone ska band the selecter ) was asked by pete st. john ( writer of the fields of athenry ) to record a version after hearing it .
3	tony levin -- bass on tracks 3 and 5 .
15	sir john rowland tomlinson , cbe ( born 22 september 1946 ) is an english bass .
11	he has the voice of a typical basso cantante and sings bass and as well bass-baritone roles .
27	history frakctalisation ( 1997 -- 1999 ) projekct one ( 1997 ) ( robert fripp - guitar , trey gunn - warr guitar , tony levin - bass , bill bruford - drums ) projekct one began as a suggestion by bruford to robert fripp that they do some improvisational shows together .
78	7 '' ( hc1 ) : 7 '' picture disc ( hcp1 ) : 12 '' ( hcx1 ) : so tired release date : 1983 uk chart : 94 7 '' ( hc2 ) : 7 '' mirror disc ( hcp2 ) : 12 '' ( hcx2 ) : too up two down release date : 1984 uk chart : - 7 '' ( hc3 ) : 12 '' ( hcx3 ) : personnel les nemes - bass .
10	paul mccartney sings the lead vocals and plays guitar and bass , denny laine plays guitar and sings backing vocals , and linda mccartney provides backing vocals as well .
17	robert '' bobby '' winkelman is an american singer , song writer , rhythm guitarist , and bass guitar who was a founding member of the east bay band , '' the epics '' .
15	'' ol' man river '' was already present in the temptations ' performance repertoire as bass melvin franklin 's solo spot , and '' for once in my life '' soon became a solo showcase for williams , who performed a particularly acclaimed version of the song for the tcb television special in late 1968 .
42	history early years '' totem '' ( 1993-1997 ) the group was formed in 1993 by guitar adrian henderson , keyboards player / guitarist lachlan mitchell , former mortal sin and slaughter lord drummer steve hughes and dalibor backovic on vocals and bass .
16	'' current band members beebs - vocals and kazoo jeremy lovelady - guitar levon white - bass paul brisske - drums bunky garrabrant - trumpet eric ` e-money ' christian - saxophone and flute discography albums würst album ever ( 2014 ) no sleep tonight !
18	track listing personnel dawn michele -- lead vocal justin cox -- guitar , backing vocals wendy drennen -- bass phee shorb -- drums glenn drennen -- guitar awards the album was nominated for a dove award for rock/contemporary album of the year at the 40th gma dove awards .
21	track listing personnel ; helloween andi deris - lead vocals michael weikath - guitar sascha gerstner - guitar markus grosskopf - bass ; additional musicians mark cross - drums on tracks 7 , 11 mikkey dee - drums on tracks 1-6 , 8-10 , 12 stefan schwarzmann - drums on tracks 13 , 14 ( bonus tracks ) trivia '' do you feel good '' was originally written during the sessions for the dark ride .
29	production credits producer : tony visconti musician : david bowie : vocals , arp tape horn and brass , synthetic strings carlos alomar : rhythm guitar george murray : bass dennis davis : drum roy young : piano cover versions st-37 - only bowie ( 1995 ) sources greatorex , johnathan .
16	they formed in 2000 as a four-piece band , but following the departure of their original bass player , gwen and aurelien joined , and they played as a five-piece from then on .
19	scoring and structure the cantata in eight movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir only for the closing chorale , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
19	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , cornett , trombone , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
29	here is the average set-list : encore : the band jon bon jovi lead vocals , acoustic guitar richie sambora lead guitar , backing vocals , talkbox hugh mcdonald bass , backing vocals tico torres drums , percussion david bryan keyboards , backing vocals additional personnel bobby bandiera - rhythm guitar , backing vocals lorenza ponce - violin , viola , backing vocals kurt johnston - pedal steel guitar , backing vocals tour grossings the first 22 shows grossed 41.4 million dollars , placing their tour at # 11 on the list for top grossing tours of 2007 .
19	scoring and structure the cantata is intimately scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
13	by the age of fifteen and a half he already had a deep bass voice , which he used at the evening institute where he studied harmony .
29	the other members of afrodizz include vocalist vance payne -- who performs songs in english , yorùbá and other languages of nigeria -- as well as françois plante ( bass ) , jean-philippe goncalves ( drums ) , françois vincent ( percussion ) , david carbonneau ( trumpet ) , frèdé simard ( tenor sax ) , and françois glidden ( baritone sax ) .
19	their lineup consisted of bernard tohill on guitars and vocals , jim nicholl on guitars , pat mo on bass and vocals and michael morris on drums .
31	the defranco family recorded at united western recorders studios in hollywood with accompaniment by wrecking crew veterans hal blaine on drum , larry carlton on guitar , and max bennett on bass .
16	members yasuko onuki -- vocals ichirou agata -- guitar , effects former members rika hamamoto -- bass drummers melt-banana does not currently have an official drummer .
9	she is an irish music lover and a great bass player .
27	bill bruford had assembled a band for his debut solo album , feels good to me , with dave stewart ( keyboard ) , jeff berlin ( bass ) , allan holdsworth ( guitar ) and bruford ( drums ) .
47	track listing personnel songwriting -- danny o'donoghue , mark sheehan , steve kipner , andrew frampton production -- mark sheehan , danny o'donoghue , andrew frampton , steve kipner drums , guitar , keyboards and vocals -- the script guitars , keyboards and programming -- andrew frampton bass -- ben sargeant charts and certification on 18 april 2011 , '' if you ever come back '' debuted on the australian aria singles chart at number fifty-four .
10	personnel bob morris - vocals , guitar chris faller - bass , backing vocals darren wilson - drums , backing vocals greta salpeter - piano , vocals recording so sudden was recorded at the gallery of carpet studios in villa park , il with owner/engineer/producer brian zieske .
12	in 1959 , giuffre led a trio featuring guitar jim hall and bass buddy clark on a concert in rome , italy , sharing the bill with gerry mulligan 's band .
11	track listing personnel music , lyrics , vocals , guitar , bass , percussion - s. j. tucker conga , little djembe - jay '' trainwreck '' timbs the ragged rabble chorus - jenn matters , andrea morrison , kris klink , scott sumers , mallorie e. gareis , trudy '' mama dragon '' herring , trevor '' tempest '' rush , leif '' the yellow dart '' ericson , andy sims , j. cooper , and melinda mattison production mix-down - willie pevear rehearsal tapes - brandon sams photos : moji o. - angel by jeff album art : nitia cheveallier aka wolfdragon graphics background this is tucker 's first album , considered her original magnum opus .
30	members margrét kristín blöndal aka magga stina ( vocals , violin ) halldóra geirharðsdóttir aka dóra wonder ( saxophone , vocals , 1984-1990 ) ívar '' bongó '' ragnarsson ( bass ) þórarinn '' tóti '' kristjánsson ( drums ) sigurður guðmundsson ( guitar ) margrét örnólfsdóttir ( keyboards , 1984-1988 ) hreinn stephensen ( accordion , guitar , 1990-1992 ) discography fame and fossils , 1990 ( reptile ) efta !
16	often performing solo shows , he is also heard with a band consisting of drums , bass , electric guitar , cello and violin .
14	with the exception of tambourine , the album was recorded using only guitar , bass , drums and vocals .
13	line-up jørn lande - vocals roland grapow - guitar jan s. eckert - bass , backing vocals mike terrana - drums axel mackenrott - keyboards credits produced by roland grapow recorded by roland grapow at grapow studios ( svk ) mixed & mastered by mikko karmila , roland grapow & mika jussila at finnvox studio , helsinki ( fin ) bandphotos by sight of sound artwork & design by hiko original crown designed by jose mesa '' mataparda '' .
28	the country music version of the band included j.p. pennington ( guitar , lead vocals ) , les taylor ( guitar , vocals ) , sonny lemaire ( bass , vocals ) , marlon hargis ( keyboards ) and steve goetzman/gary freeman ( drums ) .
8	his repertoire includes virtually all the great german bass roles , such as mozart 's figaro , leporello , and don giovanni , pogner in wagner 's die meistersinger , king heinrich in lohengrin , gurnemanz in parsifal , fasolt , hunding and wotan in the ring des nibelungen , oreste in strauss 's elektra as well as ramfis in aida , filippo ii in don carlo , méphistophélès in faust , escamillo in carmen , gremin in eugene oneguine and the title role of boris godunov .
10	track listing personnel joshua bell , violin edgar meyer , bass sam bush , mandolin ; violin on '' death by triple fiddle '' mike marshall , guitar ; mandola on '' bt '' ; violin on '' death by triple fiddle '' in popular culture the track '' short trip home '' is heard in the richard proenneke documentary alone in the wilderness .
21	track listing personnel ; eye empire donald carpenter - lead vocals b.c. kochmit - guitar , backing vocals corey lowery - bass , backing vocals ryan bennett - drums on '' angels & demons '' and '' do n't lie to me .
22	chris warlow ( vocals / guitar / synthesizer ) cez mathias ( vocals / guitar / drum machine ) fudge wilson ( bass ) .
42	john coltrane 's admiration led to recordings for impulse records , the first of which was four for trane in 1964 , an album of mainly coltrane compositions on which he was sided by his long-time friend , trombonist roswell rudd , bass reggie workman and alto player john tchicai .
43	the original members of super 8 cum shot , performing on the recording are : john kamys aka jinx titanic vocals , jeff kust aka g.i. tarbaby barbra guitar , mitch marlow aka machine gun garafalo guitar , chris sewell aka dax malkovich bass , timothy ford aka posey ( t-mint ) parker drums .
17	the band 's lineup included andrés del castillo ( vocals / guitar ) , march cesare ( bass ) , frank levin ( keyboards ) , scott milks ( drum ) , and marc parent ( guitar ) .
6	she also plays several instruments including bass and vocals .
23	the band consists of andrew lee ( lead vocals and guitar ) , ash poon ( lead guitar ) , ryan flowers ( bass ) and robert tornroos ( drums ) .
28	vini reilly , later of the durutti column played guitar , garrity ( ed banger ) sang , tomanov ( toby ) played drums and peter crookes played bass .
27	early life d'angelo was born in columbus , ohio , the daughter of priscilla ( née smith ) , a violin , and gene d'angelo , a bass player and television station manager .
42	the earlier album is carter 's best-known , recorded with an all-star line-up that included coleman hawkins , with whom carter had recorded in paris in 1937 , using the same configuration of instruments : four saxophone , piano , guitar , bass , and drums .
20	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , horn , flauto traverso , oboe , oboe d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
28	personnel current members include composers matt darriau , alto saxophone , clarinet , and kaval , and frank london , on trumpet and keys , paul morrissett playing bass and tsimbl cimbalom , vocalist lorin sklamberg on accordion and piano , lisa gutkin on violin and vocals , and david licht or richie barshay on drums .
22	track listing musicians jakob mølbjerg -- rhythm guitar mikkel sandager -- clean vocals henrik '' kral '' andersen -- death growl , bass morten sandager -- keyboards mike park -- drums martin buus -- lead guitar special guest appearances additional vocals on firesoul and falling -- monika pedersen backing vocals on sharpen the edges -- jacob hansen backing vocals on sharpen the edges -- ziggy credits all music written and arranged by mercenary .
19	personnel george harrison -- vocals , electric guitars nicky hopkins -- piano gary wright -- organ klaus voormann -- bass jim keltner -- drums john barham -- string and brass arrangements , choral arrangement notes citations sources dale c. allison jr. , the love there that 's sleeping : the art and spirituality of george harrison , continuum ( new york , ny , 2006 ; isbn 978-0-8264-1917-0 ) .
38	track listing band personnel jon bon jovi ( lead vocals , guitar ) richie sambora ( guitar , backing vocals ) tico torres ( drums ) david bryan ( keyboards , backing vocals ) with hugh mcdonald ( bass , backing vocals ) available on the following formats vhs video cd dvd additional information the concert was originally released on vhs in 1995 , then worldwide on dvd in 2003 .
11	performers hacia dos veranos ignacio aguiló : guitar diego martínez : bass julia bayse : flute , keyboards andrés edelstein : drums others musicians ignacio gabriel : farfisa keyboard on tracks maleficio , de los valles y volcanes and verano .
18	members katrina leskanich -- vocals , rhythm guitar kimberley rew -- lead guitar vince de la cruz -- bass alex cooper -- drum discography studio albums compilation albums roses ( 1995 ) ( canadian release only -- compiles tracks from edge of the land and turnaround ) katrina and the waves / waves ( 1996 ) walking on sunshine -- the greatest hits of katrina & the waves ( 1997 ) the original recordings -- 1983 -- 1984 ( 2003 ) singles nb the re-recording of '' que te quiero '' and '' red wine and whiskey '' were released as a double a-side in the uk following '' walking on sunshine '' and '' do you want crying ?
44	although the band has experienced several line-up changes , for most of its recording career shadows fall has been composed of brian fair ( vocals ) , jonathan donais ( lead guitar ) , matt bachand ( rhythm guitar ) , paul romanko ( bass ) , and jason bittner ( drums ) .
30	he was also a member of the '' chicago bears shufflin ' crew '' in the video '' the super bowl shuffle , '' which featured him pantomiming on the bass .
51	its original lineup was furay ( vocals and rhythm guitar ) , messina ( lead guitar , vocals , producer ) , rusty young ( pedal steel guitar , banjo , dobro , guitar , mandolin and vocals ) , george grantham ( drums and vocals ) and randy meisner ( bass and vocals ) .
16	gregory reinhart ( born 18 june 1951 in pavilion , new york ) is an american bass opera singer .
19	track listing personnel anaïs mitchell & rachel ries - guitar and vocals billy beard - drums kimon kirk - bass dan abu-absi - mandolin drew lindsay - accordion jesse graber - violin john hasbrouck - dobro on '' grace the day '' mike grigoni - dobro and pedal steel on '' o my star !
13	the song utilizes a unique melodic structure in that its main guitar and bass riff are in the key of e minor , while lead vocalist brandon boyd 's melody is performed in the key of e major , with the notes cleverly placed to prevent the clashing minor third ( g ) and major third ( g # ) from occurring simultaneously .
17	morris '' b.b. '' dickerson ( born 3 august 1949 , torrance , california ) was the bass player for the 1970s latin -- funk group war , and before that the creators .
30	in addition to the six regular members of the band , the album also features the flute playing of steve bartek , who co-wrote four songs on the album with bass player george bunnell .
4	1966 : episodio ( bass ) ; traza .
18	personnel myles goodwyn vocals , guitar david henman vocals , guitar ritchie henman drums jim clench vocals , bass flautist keith jollimore .
6	he is well known as the bass in the king 's singers during the group 's formative years from 1968 until 1982 , and as such is to be heard on many of their 1970s lp recordings .
75	art farmer ( trumpet , credited as peter urban ) don butterfield ( tuba ) gigi gryce ( alto saxophone ) j.r. monterose ( tenor saxophone ) george barrow ( baritone saxophone on tracks 2 , 4 , 5 , and 6 ) sol schlinger ( baritone saxophone on tracks 1 , 3 , and 7 ) teddy charles ( vibraphone ) mal waldron ( piano ) jimmy raney ( guitar ) teddy kotick ( bass ) joe harris ( drums ) for tracks 8 and 9 , recorded october 23 , 1956 .
26	this combination of instruments serves rather as a base and is not fixed , incorporating sometimes other instruments such as fiddle , flute , pandeiro , bass , cavaquinho and acoustic guitar .
31	track listing 7 '' single : polydor / fisc-23 ( fr ) 12 '' single members robert smith - vocals lol tolhurst - keyboards porl thompson - keyboards simon gallup - bass boris williams - drums rent party - brass section chart positions close to me · remix '' close to me · remix '' is the name given to the remix version of the '' close to me '' single , released in 1990 to promote the album mixed up .
22	personnel brennan gilmore -- guitar / vocals will lee -- banjo / vocals andy thacker -- mandolin / vocals zack blatter -- bass nick reeb -- fiddle / vocals previous members ann marie calhoun ( née simpson ) -- fiddle / vocals brian calhoun -- guitar steve hoke -- fiddle randall ray -- guitar billy cardine -- dobro ben krakauer -- banjo mark krakauer -- guitar image : walker 's run at bel rio .
22	track listing credits andrè kvebek -- vocal , guitar john espen sagstad -- guitar mads guldbekkhei -- drums tor risdal stavenes -- bass live julianne kostøl -- cello additional guest vocals on '' ascending '' by jonas renkse of katatonia .
45	personnel steve ignorant - vocals joy de vivre - vocals phil free - guitar gee vaucher - voices , artwork eve libertine - vocals n. a. palmer - guitar ( rhythm ) , vocals , voices penny rimbaud - drums , vocals pete wright - bass paul ellis - piano , strings crass - producer john loder - engineer judy - typing quotes '' the listener experiences and shares the performer 's exhaustion as voices crack , the beat wanders , energy flags and returns '' - george mckay describing the album in senseless acts of beauty ( verso , 1996 ) tracks cd release ` crassical collection ' reissue tracklisting note that the tracks on disc 1 are cut up incorrectly .
5	he is known for playing bass , keyboard and sitar in the band kopecky with his two brothers , joe and paul .
32	after meeting saxophonist billy sherrill , the pair began writing songs together , and formed an r & b band , the fairlanes , fronted by singer dan penn with hall playing bass .
31	track listing credits band members aleksi sihvonen − lead vocals kristian ranta − guitar , clean vocals daniel freyberg − guitar , backing vocals heikki saari − drums jukka koskinen − bass , backing vocals tuomas planman − keyboards , programming production recorded and produced by anssi kippo at astia studios .
24	the scoring of the piece is balanced towards higher voices , with six soprano , two alto , seven tenor , and only one bass , as well as a trio of recorders .
17	at the time of the concert at the armadillo , skip battin was the new riders ' bass player .
38	louis edward satterfield ( 3 april 1937 , shaw , mississippi , united states -- 27 september 2004 , chicago , illinois ) , also known with the stage names of lui-lui and sat , was an american bass and trombone player , primarily noted as a session musician and for his tours as a sideman with a large number of highly visible and commercially successful blues rock performers including b.b . king , muddy waters , howlin ' wolf , earth , wind & fire , and phil collins .
14	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for soprano , alto , tenor and bass soloists , a four-part choir , horn , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
14	track listing personnel mike majewski -- vocals ruben rosas -- guitar chris andrews -- bass eric park -- drums additional personnel travis ryan -- vocals ( '' fucked with rats '' ) production erik rutan -- production release history conceived in sewage was released in north america on february 19 , 2013 , on february 22 in certain european countries , and on february 25 in the uk and the rest of the world .
30	career 1965-1972 gass and peter green bobby tench formed gass with godfrey and errol mclean in may 1965 , credited as robert tench and featured as vocalist , guitarist and bass player .
13	live performances feature thom yorke singing and playing keyboards , colin greenwood playing bass and guitarists jonny greenwood and ed o'brien doing live manipulations of thom 's performance .
8	brief history the band was founded by the bass guitarist milan hlavsa and the poet pavel zajíček in the early '70s in prague , czechoslovakia , now the czech republic .
26	bingham 's bandmates , the dead horses , are matthew smith ( drums ) , corby schaub ( guitar and mandolin ) and elijah ford ( bass ) .
37	'' eso que llevas ahí '' , the lead single from the album , had several takes before the final one , becoming the only track on the album to be recorded live , with vadalá playing bass and pete thomas on drums .
17	personnel ian thornley -- vocals , lead guitar , keyboards brian doherty -- guitar david henning -- bass forrest williams -- drums covers nickelback has covered the song '' mistake '' live .
21	mixing was handled by the former , while spremberg provided all instruments , including the guitar , keyboards , and a bass .
30	original band members consisted of dave coutts ( vocals , guitar ) , jim schumacher ( keyboards , vocals ) , mark templin ( guitar ) , rusty riopelle ( bass ) , and steve coutts ( drums ) .
39	its members are orlando leopard ( lead vocals , guitar , keyboard , organ ) , ella girardot ( lead vocals , keyboards , organ ) and brothers elliot ( drum , backing vocals ) and hamish barnes ( bass , backing vocals ) .
49	band members ; current jake '' wolf '' foster -- lead vocals ( 2010 -- present ) patrick '' patty '' somoulay -- lead guitar ( 2010 -- present ) charles caswell -- co-lead guitar , rhythm guitar , backing vocals ( 2010 -- present ) francis xayana -- bass ( 2010 -- present ) nick lona - drums ( 2014 -- present ; touring 2013 ) ; former cam murray -- drums ( 2012 -- 2014 ) boris '' bo '' blood -- drums ( 2010 -- 2011 ) style and musical influences reflections has been described as progressive metal , deathcore , metalcore , and djent .
2	he played bass for humpy bong which featured former bee gees drummer colin petersen .
20	it consisted of chris johnston ( vocals , guitar ) , scott owens ( guitar ) , tim marzaroti ( bass ) and rob dickey ( drums ) .
8	the instruments that he plays include guitar , bass , mandolin , mandocello , dobro , pedal steel , weissenborn , banjo , harmonica , and drums .
15	woo 142 , '' joy '' ; song for two soprano , tenor , and bass with piano .
28	impresario ( narrator , spoken role ) arlecchino ( tenor ) , brighella ( baritone ) , dottor balanzon ( baritone ) capitan spaventa di valle inferna ( bass ) pantalone ( baritone ) tartaglia ( tenor ) pulcinella ( tenor ) orfeo ( tenor ) synopsis an impresario presents a performance of his commedia dell ` arte troupe .
22	track listing credits the band : warrel dane - lead vocals jeff loomis - guitar steve smyth - guitar jim sheppard - bass van williams - drums guest musician : james murphy - special guest lead guitar on '' the holocaust of thought '' production : andy sneap - production , engineering , mixing , mastering hugh syme - cover art olle carlsson - band and background photography stefan wibbeke - layout and booklet design chart positions in popular culture in the marvel comic runaways ( comics ) one of the characters , chase stein mentions the track '' the psalm of lydia '' to a coworker as a flirt while at his job at a radio station .
29	selected cantatas the table used abbreviations : s = soprano , ms = mezzo-soprano , a = alto , t = tenor , bar = baritone , b = bass , childr = children 's choir , str = strings , instr = instruments , tr = tromba ( trumpet ) , co = horn , cn = cornett , tb = trombone , ti = timpani , fl = recorder , ft = flauto traverso , ob = oboe , oa = oboe d'amore , oc = oboe da caccia , vn = violin , va = viola , vc = cello , fg = bassoon , org = organ ) , bc = basso continuo literature alfred dürr : johann sebastian bach : die kantaten .
23	the group formed in 1969 and consisted of three brothers ( frank , ray and roy munnings ) , a fourth member on bass ( fred henfield ) , and a fifth on guitar ( livingston colebrook ) .
52	xna yer ( drums , beat box and kaoss pad ) totore ( guitar ) guest members josué '' hobbit mayor '' ortíz ( guitar @ los perros predicen temblores concert ) former members chato ( guitar , left the band after coachella 2008 and a few more concerts ) pasa ( bass , left the band in 2003 ) indie-o music awards on june 11 , 2008 , austin tv received four awards at the indie-o music awards , the first awards created to recognize the best of the independent music scene in mexico .
10	harmonica frances mckee -- vocals , guitars james seenan -- bass charlie kelly -- drums additional personnel aggi wright -- keyboards on '' son of a gun '' david keegan -- lead guitar on '' dying for it '' sophie pragnell -- viola on '' jesus does n't want me for a sunbeam '' , '' dying for it '' and '' oliver twisted '' jamie watson -- slide guitar on '' bitch , '' '' the day i was a horse , '' and '' dying for it ( the blues ) '' stephen pastel - production , additional guitar .
7	bud powell -- piano ray brown -- bass buddy rich -- drums february 1951 , new york , tracks 5 -- 12 .
11	from the garden version on , it featured a rare fuzz bass solo by jerry scheff .
25	personnel nicke andersson -- drums , vocals , art direction , logo , back cover uffe cederlund -- guitar , backing vocals lars rosenberg -- bass alex hellid -- guitar tomas skogsberg -- production , engineering entombed -- production , engineering dan seagrave -- art direction , cover art johnny dordevic is listed on the sleeve as the lead singer , but he does not appear on the album .
35	later on , the two joined forces with guitar player ariel '' bibs '' branson , drummer ori raz ( later on to be replaced by banua nachaisi and eitan raz , respectively ) and bass player iron shabtai .
41	concert the lineup of the grateful dead for this concert -- and for all their concerts from july 1972 to october 1974 -- was jerry garcia on guitar and vocals , bob weir on guitar and vocals , phil lesh on bass and vocals , keith godchaux on keyboards , donna jean godchaux on vocals , and bill kreutzmann on drums .
25	music career lee receiving the '' spirit of metal '' award for his album at the 2010 metal hammer golden gods ceremony with his operatic bass voice , lee sings on the the wicker man soundtrack , performing paul giovanni 's psych folk composition , '' the tinker of rye '' .
18	the band knut erik østgård : vocals and guitar steinar hagen : guitar and chorus tore larsen : bass and chorus øyvind håkonsen : drums in addition , magnus østvang has contributed on synthesizer and chorus .
5	there are no drums or bass instruments .
6	while attending classes of flute and bass at wayne state university , he further developed his saxophone and compositional skills under the guidance of renowned teacher larry teal at the teal school of music .
22	track listing recorded at van gelder studio in englewood cliffs , new jersey on january 10 , 1973 personnel ron carter - bass , arranger , conductor hubert laws - flute ( tracks 1 , 5 & 6 ) richard tee - electric piano , piano ( tracks 1 , 4 & 5 ) bob james - piano ( tracks 2 , 3 & 6 ) gene bertoncini ( track 5 ) , sam brown ( track 3 ) - guitar billy cobham - drums ralph macdonald - percussion ( tracks 1 & 4-6 ) robert honablue - engineer reception allmusic reviewer nathan bush states '' blues farm ' s excursions are enjoyable , but somewhat reserved .
20	personnel toby morse -- vocals todd morse -- guitar , vocals rusty pistachio -- guitar , vocals adam blake -- bass todd friend -- drum , vocals the album was recorded in august 2002 and mixed in september 2002 in suffern , new york .
42	members mana -- guitar , synth guitar , keyboards , synthesizers , percussion ( 1992 -- 2001 ) közi -- guitar , synth guitar , keyboards , synthesizers , percussion , backing vocals ( 1992 -- 2001 ) yu ~ ki -- bass , contrabass , percussion , backing vocals ( 1992 -- 2001 ) klaha -- vocals ( 2000 -- 2001 ) ; former members gaz -- drums , percussion ( 1992 -- 1993 ) tetsu -- vocals ( 1992 -- 1994 ) gackt -- vocals , piano ( 1995 -- 1999 ) kami -- drums , percussion ( 1993 -- 1999 ) † after his death , the band listed kami on all subsequent releases as '' eternal blood relative '' .
24	the duo is supported live by a rotating cast of musicians adding classical and folk rock instrument ranging from cello , violin , upright bass , and horns to banjo , mandolin , accordion , and drums .
20	the current touring line up as of 2013 is alix kol ( violin , vocals ) ; mitch mclennan ( bass ) , andy davis ( drums ) and emma baker ( cello ) .
19	personnel band members kai hansen -- vocals , guitar michael weikath -- guitar , cover concept markus grosskopf -- bass ingo schwichtenberg -- drums additional musicians james hardaway -- e-mu emulator ii production produced , engineered and mixed by harris johns edda and uwe karczewski -- cover design peter vahlefeld -- layout , typography charts trivia the titular entity in the song '' gorgar '' is the first talking pinball machine ever produced .
26	personnel the musicians who performed on the original recording were as follows : john lennon -- vocals , guitar ringo starr -- drums klaus voormann -- bass popular culture the song was covered by the red hot chili peppers on .
27	band history formation , demos and ensiferum ( 1992 − 2002 ) ensiferum was founded in 1995 by markus toivonen ( guitar ) , sauli savolainen ( bass ) and kimmo miettinen ( drum ) .
32	in early 2010 the band changed formation : giulio favero leave and enter to make part of the multi-instrumentalist bologna violenta ( guitar , violin , synth ) and tommaso mantelli on bass .
5	she contributed vocals and occasionally bass to the albums bright flight , tanglewood numbers , and lookout mountain , lookout sea , .
5	it features rob douglas on bass and davey latter on drums .
57	the beacon theatre concert at the time of the beacon theatre concert , kingfish had its '' classic '' mid-70s lineup -- bob weir of the grateful dead on guitar and vocals , matthew kelly on guitar , harmonica , and vocals , dave torbert , formerly of the new riders of the purple sage , on bass and vocals , robbie hoddinott on lead guitar , and chris herold on drums .
37	the band 's line-up consists of moises juarez ( lead vocals ) , sean chapman ( vocals / guitar ) , matthew mcewan ( vocals/guitar ) , pat salmon ( drums ) , and andre davis ( bass ) .
18	personnel maría barracuda -- lead vocals , lyrics jorge '' chiquis '' amaro -- programming , producer , bass , synthesizer , keyboard , guitar , drums , backing vocals daniel aceves -- drums alejandro '' midi '' ortega -- programming , synthesizer i. glez -- piano g. bronfman -- cello tony peluso -- backing vocals sergio santacruz -- backing vocals sociedad anonima -- graphic design source : chart and certifications the album debuted at number 87 on the mexican album charts , climbing to number-52 after nine week .
25	he was an indie rock icon and longtime fixture in the boston / cambridge music scene , best known as the lead singer and slide bass player of the band morphine .
16	members dan black - vocals , rhythm guitar chris burrows - lead guitar matt fisher - bass trevor sharpe - drums dan black dan black was the lead singer for the band ; he also played guitar and wrote many of the band 's songs .
32	since its inception in 2000 , the band 's line-up has consisted of gabby alipe ( vocals , guitar ) , john dinopol ( guitar , vocals ) , and lalay ( bass , vocals ) .
15	the remainder of the band consists of adel moustafa on drums and roland ivenz on bass , with roland '' rollz '' kerschbaumer , who joined the band in 2002 , providing additional guitarwork .
12	track listing credits lemmy ( ian kilmister ) -- lead vocals , bass '' fast '' eddie clarke -- guitar , backing vocals , co-lead vocals on '' beer drinkers and hell raisers '' and '' i 'm your witch doctor '' phil '' philthy animal '' taylor -- drums production producer -- speedy keen engineer -- john burns recorded -- escape studios , kent remix -- olympic studios , london mastering - adam skeaping executive producers -- motörhead / john burns logo -- joe petagno photographs -- lensy , motorcycle irene release history 21/aug/1977 -- uk vinyl -- chiswick , wik2 -- first 1000 printed black on silver foil sleeve .
33	1981 version side one side two 1998 and 2005 version disc one disc two personnel gary numan vocals , producer billy currie keyboards cedric sharpley drum chris payne keyboards , viola paul gardiner bass rrussell bell guitar , percussion tim summerhayes engineer , remix phil thornalley assistant engineer john dent digitally master peter gilbert photographer robert ellis photographer charts original album # 47 ( uk albums chart ) living ornaments '79 and ' 80 box set # 2 ( uk albums chart ) the touring principle video in 1980 , an edited version of the 28 september 1979 concert was released on video under the title the touring principle ' 79 ; this has been cited as the world 's first music video cassette and '' special video effects '' of the time were added to the recording .
5	john bennett was a professional bass , who sang as a lay clerk in the choirs of king's , st john 's and trinity colleges .
11	current members tom galgano - keyboards , vocals john galgano - bass , guitar , vocals , keyboards paul bremner - guitars greg dimiceli - acoustic drums , percussion brian coralian - acoustic and electronic drums , percussion anmarie byrnes - vocals laura meade - vocals discography sliver of a sun .
16	it features strong riffs , sledgehammer percussion from tommy viator and spiraling harmonic streaks ; the bass is almost invisible .
9	personnel the outfield tony g lewis - vocals , bass john frederick spinks - electric & acoustic guitar , keyboards ; lead vocals on '' under a stone '' and '' jane '' additional personnel simon dawson - drums , percussion david fitzgerald - sax alvin lee - lead guitar stephen marcussen , ian thomas - programming reg webb - piano production adapted from allmusic .
18	kaspar bausewein ( 15 november 1838 , aub -18 november 1903 , munich ) was a german opera bass who was active at the bavarian state opera from 1858 through 1900 .
12	personnel chris marchiel -- guitar alex berkson -- guitar nick avila -- bass bassil silver-hajo -- drums mixed by bassil silver-hajo and powerglove .
16	track listing uk 7 '' uk 12 '' personnel robert smith - vocals , guitar , bass , violin andy anderson - percussion lol tolhurst - keyboards phil thornalley and porl thompson appear in the music video , but do not contribute to the song .
42	in 1990 , the band released their major-label debut on rca , simply called the silos ( more commonly known as the one with the bird on the cover ) , which also featured amy allison on vocals and j.d. foster on bass .
14	the elder magic ( sam ) let the younger magic ( slim ) play bass with his band and gave him his nickname .
12	personnel ian gillan - vocals ritchie blackmore - guitar roger glover - bass jon lord - organ ian paice - drums covers in 1982 , los angeles female-fronted metal band hellion recorded this song as the b-side of their '' driving hard '' single , which was released on mystic records in early 1983 .
27	track listing personnel j. j. johnson , kai winding trombone bob james , herbie hancock , ross tompkins - keyboards george benson - guitar ron carter - bass grady tate - drums other unidentified musicians track 1 : 13 : 56 / 2 : 4 : 27 / 3 : 11 : 19 / 4 : 7 : 30 total : 37 : 12 assigned u.s. catalog number ` sp 3027 ' but not released domestically .
15	'' personnel lou reed - lead vocal , lead guitar john cale - piano , bass sterling morrison - rhythm guitar maureen tucker - drums , tambourine cover versions velvet underground members lou reed , john cale , nico , and maureen tucker have all recorded solo versions .
17	one of the possible solutions was kostis pirenis , a guitar player who could also play the bass but when they met to rehearse , the three members realized that kostis pirenis was a very skilled guitar player , so he developed into the band 's lead guitarist .
9	live performances the original line-up had alistair watson on bass and andrew morgan on keyboard but this was changed to the current set-up in june 2007 .
62	members sena dagadu - vocals , rap andrás kéri aka mc columbo - vocals , rap istván busa aka papa diamont - rap ákos baranyai aka dj future - turntable tamás dési aka monsieur büdoá - drum ádám meggyes aka mézeságyas - trumpet márton élő aka dermot - trombone gáspár horváth aka jumo daddy - keyboards miklós havas aka doktor úr - bass ádám szekér - guitar antal oláh aka monsieur zsömoá - percussion discography fel a kezekkel !
24	track listing side one side two personnel joe strummer - lead vocal , piano , guitars mick jones - sound effects paul simonon - bass topper headon - drums mikey dread - backing vocal robber dub '' robber dub '' is the dub version of '' bankrobber '' .
14	norman allin ( 19 november 1884 -- 27 october 1973 ) was a british bass singer of the early and mid twentieth century , and later a teacher of voice .
22	peter bauer and walter martin traded musical instrument on the new album , with bauer handling the organ duties and martin playing bass .
12	some of the international instruments used in this album are baglama , bass , bongo drum , clarinet , didgeridoo , drum , electric guitar , ethnic percussion , latin percussion , piano , spanish guitar and persian instruments like daf , kamancheh , oud , santur , setar , tonbak and ney .
17	personnel david bowie : piano , vocals , background vocals dennis davis : percussion george murray : bass sean mayes : piano simon house : mandolin adrian belew : mandolin tony visconti : mandolin , background vocals brian eno : ambient drone other releases it was released as a picture disc as a part of the fashions picture disc set .
17	hubbard wrote all of the music for the album , with contributors utilizing instruments including synthesizer , bass , woodwinds , strings , and a bouzouki .
0	bass player cory betts was a member of pegazus , a melbourne power metal band that had toured europe in 1998 , although he did not join that band until early 1999 .
15	former members of the band include dave thompson ( guitar ) , jeremy galda ( bass ) , brian bird ( drum ) , and jason guindon ( drum ) .
16	the band forms with olivia as lead vocalist , stella as lead guitarist , mo as bass guitarist , wen as keyboardist , and charlie as drummer , but they are unable to choose a band name .
3	robertson also played bass and keyboards on the album .
9	these include a guitar peripheral for lead guitar and bass gameplay , a drum kit peripheral , and up to three microphone using the same vocal harmony technology as .
25	he is the creator and leader of shoegazing band/project alcest and the main man behind amesoeurs ; he sings lead vocals and plays guitar , bass and keyboards on both bands and is also a drummer .
2	members guitar bass drums ricky vocals keyboards , arranger discography albums singles other releases '' flashback '' ( 31 august 2005 ) the title track performed by rin' featuring m.c.a.t was used as the theme song for kamen rider hibiki & the seven senki .
17	they recorded a demo , christ hunt , in 1991 , after which marco arends joined on bass .
16	track listing personnel performance sonny rollins -- tenor saxophone jim hall -- guitar bob cranshaw -- bass ben riley -- drums harry '' h.t. '' saunders -- drums ( replaces riley on '' god bless the child '' ) '' god bless the child '' recorded on january 30 , 1962 '' where are you ?
21	tyler dianocky ( guitar ) , dan davidson ( guitar ) , greg williamson ( drums ) and steve vincent ( bass ) first played together in a folk music band for paying shows before meeting matt landry ( vocals ) through mutual friends , after watching him perform solo .
4	members danny bland -- bass james burdyshaw -- guitar ( formerly of 64 spiders ) .
21	kim borg photo taken on 1965 kim borg ( august 7 , 1919 april 28 , 2000 ) was a finnish bass , teacher and composer .
23	giuseppe frezzolini lithograph by josef kriehuber , 1840 giuseppe frezzolini ( 9 november 1789 -- 16 march 1861 ) was an italian operatic bass .
26	pre lowlife dead neighbours was an early-1980s psychobilly band from grangemouth , scotland , originally consisting of craig lorentson ( vocals ) , david steel ( bass ) , ronnie buchanan ( guitar ) , and grant mcdowall ( drums ) .
22	track listing source : allmusic personnel don anderson -- guitar john haughm -- vocals , guitar , drums jason william walton -- bass shane breyer -- keyboards ( anderson 's then-girlfriend performed the operatic vocals on '' she painted fire across the skyline '' and '' as embers dress the sky '' .
8	personnel paul mccartney lead and backing vocals , bass john lennon backing vocals , piano george harrison backing vocals , guitar ringo starr drums billy preston keyboard ( on the anthology 3 version ) .
19	by march 1 , 2009 , the band announced in their studio blog that they had '' drums , bass and most of the guitar completed '' , and had '' now moved on to lead and overdub '' .
16	bassist doug peyton joined halifax in-between the two recording sessions , hence singer mike hunau played bass on the giordano-produced tracks .
32	theo jörgensmann and marcin oles in budapest , concert hall ship a 38 , september 2006 marcin oles ( born 1973 in sosnowiec , poland ) is a jazz and free improvisation bass player , composer and record producer .
27	after this the band went on semi-hiatus , playing a couple of live concerts in small venues around örebro with future permanent band member erik oskarsson on bass and ari halinoja playing the drums .
18	track listing singles call me personnel jyrki 69 -- vocals timo-timo -- guitar bazie -- guitar archzie -- bass jussi 69 -- drums notes the title track '' wrap your troubles in dreams '' was re-recorded and included on the american release of the 2007 album angels .
11	track listing personnel serge chaloff -- baritone saxophone everett evans -- bass boots mussulli -- alto saxophone herb pomeroy -- trumpet ray santisi -- piano jimmy zitano -- drums release history boston blow-up !
9	as well as using modern instruments such as the bass and electric guitar , the band also utilizes instruments typically used in medieval folk songs such as the bagpipes , hurdy-gurdy or shawm , to produce their trademark folk rock sound .
32	formation and sons ltd the original incarnation of the novellos first met at newcastle under lyme school , the line-up saw mike thomas on guitar and vocal duties , adam steele on bass , richard dodd on guitar and keys and daniel ellwood on drums .
36	members mark mccoy - vocals ( charles bronson , failures , arts , haxan , ancestors , veins , vmw , holy molar ) marcel wiebenga - drums ( oil , guidingline ) nate wilson - bass ( monster x , devoid of faith , jba , deathsquad , haxan , by the throat ) jeroen vrijhoef - guitar ( mainstrike ) .
59	for the earliest singles ( 1981 's '' me and mr. sanchez '' , and 1982 's '' klactoveesedstein '' ) , the group was a six-piece : sullivan , christos tolera ( vocals ) , mark reilly ( guitars ) , mike lloyd bynoe a.k.a. '' choco mick '' ( drums and timbales ) , kito poncioni ( bass ) and geraldo d'arbilly ( percussion ) .
17	prosper dérivis nicolas-prosper dérivis ( 28 october 1808 - 11 february 1880 ) was a french operatic bass .
11	the vocal forces include soprano , contralto , tenor , and bass soloists and an satb mixed choir .
19	'' personnel warren zevon -- piano , vocals waddy wachtel -- guitar mick fleetwood -- drums john mcvie -- bass reception bbc radio 2 listeners rated it as having the best opening line in a song .
18	it was recorded with a completely new band i.e. michał grymuza ( guitars ) , radosław zagajewski ( bass ) , krzysztof palczewski ( keyboard ) .
16	bach scored the work for five vocal parts ( two soprano , alto , tenor and bass , ssatb ) .
27	he began with the clarinet , experimented with the piano , drums and guitar , yet at the age of 14 found his true passion in the bass .
17	brandt gustav peterson ( born 1966 ) is an american musician , best known as the original bass player with heatmiser upon its formation in 1992 .
17	band members ; current charles finn -- lead vocals ( 2007 -- 2011 ) jordan chase -- bass , vocals ( 2007 -- 2011 ) david ecker -- rhythm guitar ( 2009 -- 2011 ) jason ciolli -- lead guitar ( 2007 -- 2011 ) ryan loerke -- drums , percussion ( 2007 -- 2011 ) ; former bradyn byron -- rhythm guitar ( 2007 2009 ) discography studio albums singles '' xoxoxo '' ( great white whale ) '' vanishings '' ( great white whale ) '' warrior ( southern arrowwood ) '' ( teenage fantasy ) songs on compilations canada rocks , '' xoxoxo '' ( cmc distribution , 2008 ) songs from the penalty box , vol .
31	the members of his band include : doble sentido ( 2003 ) sandy stein ( piano and accordion ) jesus '' el niño '' perez ( piano ) eddie resto ( bass ) nacho ontiveros ( timbal and guiro ) marcos tabori ( timbal ) papo rodriguez ( conga and bongo ) ricky rodriguez ( conga ) braulio berrera ( bongo , cajon , and vocals ) ramon flores ( trumpet ) charlie biggs ( trumpet ) arturo velasco trombone ) erick jeorgensen ( trombone ) david stout ( trombone ) bobby rivas guiro and maracas .
4	the album contains no bass player .
19	in institutions where the choir is made up of adult men ( who sing the alto , tenor and bass parts ) and trebles ( boy or girl choristers ) who sing the upper-most part ( s ) , one day a week the service may be sung by men only .
4	mike sammes sings a bass vocal harmony on the song .
17	scoring and structure the cantata is festively scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , tromba da tirarsi to double the cantus firmus , three oboe , two violin , viola , and continuo .
15	scoring and structure the cantata is intimately scored for soprano , alto , tenor and bass soloists , four-part choir and a small orchestra of two violin , bassoon obbligato , and basso continuo .
19	1 , track 2 : idrees sulieman quartet idrees sulieman - trumpet bud powell - piano jimmy woode - bass joe harris - drums vol .
24	certified gold by the canadian recording industry association track listing personnel kim mitchell -- guitar and vocals gary mccracken -- drums dave myles -- bass pye dubois -- lyrics this album was released internationally on the mercury/polygram records label outside of canada .
28	for example , him played for the first time in the tavastia 's address in semifinal when ville valo , the lead-singer to be , was still playing bass .
21	members ; current members j.d. williams - vocals ( 1987-present ) kelly carmichael - guitar ( 1987-present ) adam heinzmann - bass ( 1987-present ) mike smail - drums ( 2004-present ) ; former members eric little - drums ( 1987-2000 ) ronnie kalimon - drums ( 2000-2004 ) discography albums standing on the sun - 1992 unearthed - 2000 matricide - 2004 voyage - 2012 singles '' window to hell '' split 7 '' with - 2000 compilation tracks '' nothing but misery '' and '' internal void '' on what the hell !
9	it was the band 's first album to include bass player aaron rubin , replacing former bassist byron stomatos .
10	) ; fl 1698 -- 1744 ) was an italian bass singer though in modern terms a baritone of the 18th century .
18	roles dryada ( contralto ) graf gerold ( tenor ) guntram von bornhofen ( baritone ) ratto ( bass ) rheingraf boland von sternberg ( baritone ) silvana ( soprano ) recordings complete recording of the opera , conducted by gerhard markson ( on the marco polo label ) .
12	history formation and early years in 1979 , songwriter jorge gonzález ( bass , lead vocals ) , miguel tapia ( drums , backing vocals ) and claudio narea ( guitar , backing vocals ) , met during their first year of high school or secondary education as it is known in chile .
23	; villainy neill fraser -- guitar , vocals , piano dave johnston -- drums , percussion thomas watts -- guitar james dylan -- bass ; credits produced , mixed and recorded by tom larkin .
15	beautiful you is the result of a two-year collaboration between john illsley , the former bass player for dire straits , and irish singer-songwriter greg pearle .
12	the album also features gary husband on drums , mick hutton on bass , phil robson on guitar and paul edmonds on piano .
24	the 2004 album get down with it : the okeh sessions includes a booklet that also credits the following musicians : eddie fletcher -- bass , glen willings -- guitar .
11	this is the last release to featuring ma $ hu as bass , he out in 2013 , later replaced by kei .
25	track listing all songs written by further seems forever performers jason gleason - vocals josh colbert - guitar derick cordoba - guitar chad neptune - bass steve kleisath - drums james wisner - keys , additional guitar album information record label : tooth & nail records record label ( vinyl version ) : all songs written by further seems forever .
19	history in the first months of 1980 two young men from madrid juan luis serrano and francisco laguna , bass and guitar , who had been together in other bands such as red box or madrid 20 , decided to form obús .
11	personnel ; performance credits vocals : roy stride , greg churchouse bass : greg churchouse percussion : pete ellard piano : roy stride guitar : roy stride ; technical credits production : andy green charts the song entered the uk singles chart at 17 and spent 3 weeks inside the top 40 .
11	vocal casting included 2 soprano , 2 tenor , countertenor , bass and boy 's choir .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , two horn , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
3	анисимов ) , bass soloist ( of the odessa opera house ) .
63	band members ; original lineup randy california - guitar , vocals ( 1967 -- 72 , 1974 -- 79 , 1982 -- 97 ) ed cassidy - drum ( 1967 -- 72 , 1974 -- 79 , 1982 -- 97 ) john locke - keyboard ( 1967 -- 72 , 1976 , 1982 -- 85 , 1988 -- 89 ) mark andes - bass ( 1967 -- 71 , 1974 , 1976 , 1982 -- 85 , 1988 -- 89 ) jay ferguson - vocals , percussion ( 1967 -- 71 , 1976 , 1982 -- 85 ) ; later members following sardonicus , many musicians passed through the group 's ranks .
64	members include nine core members ; elliot bergman ( saxophone , percussion , electric mbira , and electric sawblade gamelan ) , erik hall ( guitar , nu-tone cymbals , and drum ) , quin kirchner ( congas , drums , percussion ) , dan bennett ( baritone saxophone , percussion ) , justin walter ( trumpet , wah-wah ) , jake vinsel ( bass ) .
21	biography green echo was founded by nno mar ( guitar & effects ) , j ( drums ) and pedrü ( bass ) in 2003 .
27	the group featured drummer bill bateman ( the blasters ) , dave lee bartel on guitar , paul size on lead guitar , johnny ray bartel on bass , and pianist gene taylor .
21	the electric guitars are out of tune or out of phase and clash with the organ and piano chords , the bass has spanish inflections , and the mix is raw with a sound similar to garage rock .
17	a fill may be played by rock or pop instruments such as the electric lead guitar or bass , organ , or drums , or by other instruments such as strings or horns .
11	most of coulton 's recordings feature his singing over guitar , bass , and drums ; some also feature the various other instruments coulton plays , including accordion , harmonica , mandolin , banjo , ukulele , and glockenspiel .
38	members rick driscoll -- vocals , guitar , born 1 may 1957 , enfield , middlesex , yan style ( born ian stile ) -- guitar , born 16 january 1955 , enfield , middlesex chris redburn -- bass , born 14 march 1956 , enfield , middlesex chris lacklison -- keyboards , born 15 october 1956 , london andy walton -- drums , born 1 october 1956 , enfield , middlesex discography singles 1973 '' heart of stone '' - reached number 11 in the uk charts , sung by tony kenny .
63	the founding members were tony duhig ( guitar ) ( born anthony christopher duhig , 18 september 1941 , acton , west london ; died 11 november 1990 , somerset , england ) , jon field ( flute , percussion , keyboards ) ( born john frederick field , 5 july 1940 , harrow , middlesex ) and glyn havard ( vocals , bass ) ( born 15 february 1947 , nantyglo , south wales ) .
25	scoring and structure the title is given by bach as : the cantata is structured in seven movements and is festively scored for tenor and bass soloists , a four-part choir , two horn , two recorder , two oboes da caccia , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
25	as ancient greek theater recitations were partly melodic , the role of the tritagonist would typically go to a performer with a voice in the bass range ( as compared to the protagonist as tenor and the deuteragonist as baritone ) .
65	; side one personnel per liner notes sonny boy williamson -- vocals , harmonica muddy waters -- guitar on '' do n't start me to talkin ' '' and '' all my love in vain '' jimmy rogers -- guitar on '' do n't start me to talkin ' '' and '' all my love in vain '' otis spann -- piano willie dixon -- bass fred below -- drum robert lockwood , jr . -- guitar luther tucker -- guitar lafayette leake -- piano on '' wake up baby '' and '' your funeral and my trial '' eugene pierson -- guitar on '' wake up baby '' and '' your funeral and my trial '' charts down and out blues peaked at # 20 on the uk albums chart .
15	members shorre mccolman -- vocals scott chalmers -- guitar / vocals matthew dean wispinski -- bass / vocals glenn thorpe - guitars jay may -- drums discography to date , keep 6 has released their independently recorded debut album humanifesto in 2007 , followed by a second album four fangs in 2010 , and are currently working on a third album .
23	takuya - lead vocals , programming , rapping katsuya - rhythm guitar , programming , backing vocals akira - lead guitar nobuto - bass , backing vocals shintarō - drums , percussion seika - brass instrument discography singles studio albums compilation video awards in 2005 , the band received the new artist of the year award in the japan gold disc award held by the recording industry association of japan .
47	they are distinctive for their rich a cappella adaptations of traditional cuban salsa music , son , and rumba , such as their renditions of '' el cuarto de tula '' and '' la negra tomasa '' , vocally imitating the piano , cowbell , conga , bass , and trumpet , used originally in such songs .
16	personnel rainer bauer : electric & twelve-string guitar , vocal ulrich leopold : electric & acoustic bass krischke : drums , piano angelika filanda : drums , vocal ella bauer : drums , percussion , vocal uschi obermaier : maracas helge filanda : conga , vocal rerelease information since its debut in 1969 on metronome ( and its concurrent stateside release , the album has been re-issued a total of nine times .
21	track listing 1997 cd reissue bonus tracks personnel damon krukowski -- drums dean wareham -- guitar , vocals naomi yang -- bass , vocals on '' another day '' mark kramer -- producer , engineer , '' cheap organ '' on '' is n't it a pity '' ralph carney -- tenor sax on '' decomposing trees '' re-releases rykodisc 1997 remastered by mark kramer and alan douches in 1996 .
28	the group included eddie lewis ( tenor , ward 's cousin ) , charles fizer ( tenor ) , walter hammond ( baritone ) and melvin king ( bass ) and except for lewis were friends in a los angeles , california , high school .
30	its current members are sara bell ( vocals , guitar , piano ) , nathan brown ( electronic organ , accordion , guitar , vocals ) , chris clemmons ( bass , vocals ) , jerry kee ( drums ) , and margaret white ( violin , vocals ) .
2	paul bushnell bass .
41	the current band members are : bhasker dewan ( lead vocals ) , pragya lama ( guitars ) , birju chowdhary ( drums ) , manish thapa ( keyboard ) , bidhan ( flute , saxophone ) and pravash subba ( bass ) .
4	their brothers were the bass thomas aynsley cook ( 1833 -- 1894 ) and the baritone john furneaux cook , and their sister , alice aynsley cook ( c. 1850 -- 1938 ) , was also an opera singer and musical comedy actress .
11	he himself was the teacher of a number of important british bass , including robert lloyd , willard white , john tomlinson and gwynne howell .
44	track listing the 1959 vinyl album ; side one the 2006 cd rerelease personnel thelonious monk piano donald byrd trumpet eddie bert trombone robert northern french horn jay mcallister tuba phil woods alto saxophone charlie rouse tenor saxophone pepper adams baritone saxophone sam jones bass art taylor drums tributes as from 2010 , american jazz pianist jason moran went on tour with his project in my mind , a multimedia presentation heavily inspired by thelonious monk 's concert at the town hall .
25	he then embarked on tour with his new line-up : gareth moulton ( guitar ) , sam flynn ( keyboards ) , dominic finley ( bass ) and tom arnold ( drum ) .
9	at the time , sunny was married to the bass player for michael bolton who was touring with them .
42	acoustically , the choice of a clarinet , violin , and piano is characteristic in that most chamber music ( and most music in general ) contains high ( soprano ) , mid-range ( alto / tenor ) , and low ( bass / baritone ) parts .
6	she was married to lauded operatic bass ignazio marini and often appeared on stage with him .
26	personnel axl rose - lead vocals , keyboards , sound effects slash - lead guitar , backing vocals izzy stradlin - rhythm guitar duff mckagan - bass , backing vocals dizzy reed - backing vocals matt sorum - drums johann langlie -- programming '' do n't damn me '' '' do n't damn me '' is the 13th track on the album , and is the only song from the album that 's never been played live .
54	like their previous work , this album contains many complex musical compositions , with tracks 8-14 on disc forming the 25-minute medley titled '' ashtamangala ( the 8 auspicious symbols ) '' track listing personnel band members paul adrian villarreal − vocals marcel coenen − lead guitar rene kroon − keyboards daniel kohn − bass roel van helden − drums and percussion production intro by daniel kohn .
18	it was made up of the following musicians : karol szymanowski ( vibes ) , andrzej kujawa ( bass ) , józef eljasz ( percussion ) .
8	abuelo spent ten years in europe , until bass player cachorro lópez , who was a popular session musician with reggae and funk bands , convinced him to return to argentina for a second incarnation of the abuelos .
33	'' track listing all songs written by matt thiessen side a side b credits matt thiessen -- lead vocals , guitar , piano matt hoopes -- guitar , backing vocals brian pittman -- bass dave douglas -- drums , backing vocals ( drums on '' we 're nothing without you only ) brett schoneman - drums ( all but '' we 're nothing without you '' ) the credits in the booklet of the bird and the bee sides showed that philmore drummer and former relient k fill in drummer , brett schoneman , played drums on every song of this ep except '' we 're nothing without you '' .
6	his replacement was alex baracco ( bass ) .
67	track listing personnel rhapsody fabio lione -- vocals luca turilli -- guitar alex staropoli -- keyboards additional personnel herby langhams , ciniza rizzo , robert hunecke-rizzo , oliver hartmann , miro -- choir miro -- production bridget fogle , previn moore -- church choir bridget fogle -- female baroque voice manuel staropoli -- baroque recorders dana lurie -- lead violin jay lansford -- narration sascha paeth -- bass , production thunderforce -- drums alex holzwarth appears in the photoshoot but did not record on this album .
10	the band featured roberto carlos ' son donovan bettencourt on bass and new york drummer jeff consi .
11	together with lawton and dumée are brazilian musicians ney conceição on bass , xande figueiredo on drums , and marvio ciribelli on keyboards .
7	with the addition of didier vancampo ( bass ) and yves callaert ( guitar ) , a complete live-band was formed .
19	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir only for the closing chorale , two oboe , two oboes da caccia , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
36	personnels jonathan lewis - lead vocals adele legere - female vocals ty semaka - lyrics , monkeys and laughing sounds anita miotti - little girl voice reed shimozawa - lead guitar jonathan lewis - drums , bass and all other sounds the song was co-arranged by ty semaka and jonathan lewis ( who also recorded , mixed and mastered the song ) .
6	he plays piano , guitar , bass and drums and also does vocals .
18	they also utilized more diverse instruments , including mandolins , recorders and oboes , besides electric guitars , bass and later , drums .
8	( russian : эдуард максович лабковский ) , bass soloist .
7	in the second section , drums , bass , and guitar enter , and the music becomes more consonant , resolving to the key of a minor through the use of d and a suspended second chords , as david gilmour sings a refrain of '' ooh , babe '' .
20	autour de lucie was a french pop rock band , consisting of vocalist valérie leulliot , guitar olivier durand and bass fabrice dumont .
13	they were joined in 1995 by antonis maratos ( originally percussion , later bass ) ; in 1997 by angelos polychronou ( percussion ) ; and in 2000 by florian mikuta ( keyboards ) .
18	the rest of the live band is made up of dan coggins on guitar , ben thomas on bass , naomi hart on keyboard , sarah scott on vocals and bernard moss of pork recordings on flute and alto sax .
14	personnel jeff buckley - guitar , vocals michael tighe - guitar mick grøndahl - bass eric eidel - drums parker kindred - drums benjamin goldstein - ?
19	they soon recruited roberts 's younger brother anthony '' bones '' roberts on lead guitar , nigel bamford on bass and anthony '' akko '' axon on drums .
24	track listing personnel ; evans blue kevin matisyn - lead vocals parker lauzon - rhythm guitar vlad tanaskovic - lead guitar joe pitter - bass darryl brown - drums ; additional musicians stuart cameron - acoustic guitar on beg .
19	'' eruption '' starts with a short accompanied intro with alex van halen on drums and michael anthony on bass .
36	the group 's career the feminine complex consisted of mindy dalton on guitar and vocals , judi griffith on tambourine and vocals , lana napier on drums , pame stephens on keyboards and jean williams on bass .
22	personnel m. shadows - vocals zacky vengeance - rhythm guitar the rev - drums synyster gates - lead guitar johnny christ - bass video the video for the song features clips of fans and a live performance with the studio version playing over .
13	personnel paul mccartney - lead , harmony and backing vocals , piano , bass linda mccartney - harmony and backing vocals david spinozza - guitar hugh mccracken - guitar denny seiwell - drums marvin stamm - flugelhorn new york philharmonic - orchestra arrangement song uses the song was used in the episode '' he ai n't heavy , he 's my uncle '' of the british sitcom only fools and horses , where the character of uncle albert leaves home .
18	on this recording the band consists of five saxophones , four trumpets , four trombones , piano , bass , drums and percussion and various other oriental instruments .
18	; at last rainbow song list musicians band members jeff beck - guitar and vocals tim bogert - bass and vocals carmine appice - drums and vocals vocalists bobby tench 13 live shows .
16	track listing personnel the speaking canaries : damon che - guitar , vocals , drums , bass , percussion , glockenspiel , recording engineer noah leger - drums on half ( lower in the mix will be a sure indication .
10	credits jason dunn -- vocals , piano daniel biro -- bass , background vocals jonathan steingard -- guitar , background vocals aaron '' skwid '' tosti -- drums aaron sprinkle -- producer j.r. mcneely -- mixer brandon ebel -- executive producer everett dallas , kenneth e. larry , james young , willie williams -- vocals on '' the show '' josh head -- vocals on '' nothing left to show '' all songs written by hawk nelson and trevor mcnevan production the band 's frontman , jason dunn , has said in an interview that there was going to be an actual title song , making the album have thirteen songs .
21	track listing personnel ; eye empire donald carpenter - lead vocals b.c. kochmit - guitar , backing vocals corey lowery - bass , backing vocals ryan bennett - drums on '' angels & demons , '' do n't lie to me , '' '' moment , '' '' revolution , '' '' hopeless , '' '' obvious , '' and '' inside the light , '' as well as all of the acoustic and live tracks .
22	despite performing almost exclusively as a vocalist , martin is a multi-instrumentalist , stating in an interview that he plays guitar , bass , drums , violin , keyboards , harmonica , bagpipes , and pan pipes .
18	richard van allan cbe ( 28 may 1935 -- 4 december 2008 ) was a versatile british operatic bass singer who had a lengthy career .
12	personnel ritchie blackmore - guitar ian gillan - vocals roger glover - bass jon lord - organ ian paice - drums appearances it was used by extreme championship wrestling wrestler '' the franchise '' shane douglas as an entrance theme .
19	personnel kenny rogers -- vocals barry gibb -- background vocals , guitar , arranger maurice gibb -- guitar , bass , synthesizer tim renwick -- guitar george terry -- guitar george bitzer -- piano , synthesizer albhy galuten -- piano , synthesizer , arranger ron ziegler -- drums joe lala -- percussion barry gibb version the original barry gibb version was released in late 2006 in itunes on the eyes that see in the dark demos the song has a choppy verse , and this song 's style like miami than nashville , and gibb 's version has a pop-rock and new wave style .
33	foxface are a glasgow - based scottish rock band featuring michael angus ( vocals , guitar ) , john ferguson ( drum , accordion , banjo , mandolin ) and jenny bell ( bass , vocals ) .
6	he learned to play guitar , bass and drums .
20	until 2011 , the group consisted of eight voices : two soprano , two alto , two tenor and two bass .
38	after releasing the extended-play album upside of the downside in 2003 , wolferman moved to brooklyn from seattle , washington , and began collaborating with new members , including adam sylvia on guitar and marc alan goodman on bass , among a rotating group of performance and studio musicians .
46	subsequently , hogarth 's side-project , the h-band , has played live across the uk and europe featuring a variety of musicians , including former the stone roses mkii guitarist aziz ibrahim , massive attack and the bays drummer andy gangadeen , session musician jingles on bass , aziz 's regular musical partner dalbir singh rattan on tablas and stephanie sobey-jones on cello .
28	recording and structure while they recorded the song the guitar was played by barry and vince and joined by bluegrass musician bill keith on banjo , maurice on bass and colin on drums .
91	discography no mercy ep ( 1990 ) who is who ep ( 1994 ) horrorscope ( 1998 ) madness ( metal blade , 2001 ) 2000 years at the war ( metal blade , 2002 ) the last millennium ( metal blade , 2002 ) madtropolis ( metal blade , 2003 ) take no prisoners ( armageddon records , 2004 ) members current members udo gerstenmeyer : guitar , keyboard thomas laasch : vocals ( 2000 -- present ) christian schwinn : drums ( 2003 -- present ) roberto palacios : bass ( 2004 -- present ) former members martin obermeyer : vocals ( ?
23	track listing personnel robin kvist - vocals filip norman - guitar jimmy wahlsteen - guitar federico de costa - drums patrik persson - bass guest musiciansl karl asp - saxophone , ( on '' ta farväl '' , '' aldrig tillbaks '' and '' förförande rädsla '' ) ola de freitas - violin , ( on '' vansinnet '' ) production bo fredrik gunnarsson - engineer marcus von boisman - engineer petter ingman - engineer mastered by claes persson .
16	gaute storaas ( born 1959 in bergen , norway ) is a norwegian jazz musician ( bass ) and composer , and the older brother of jazz pianist vigleik storaas .
33	a sintir , or guimbri , being played by nuru kane the sintir ( ) , also known as the guembri ( ) , gimbri or hejhouj , is a three stringed skin-covered bass plucked lute used by the gnawa people .
31	pedigree chump and room for abuse conceived in july 1994 , with almost the same line up as today ( the only difference being that copeland used to double up on bass ) , the band went through a lengthy gestation period ( adding bassist simon bayliss in 1995 , and replacing him with martin holt in 1997 , before emerging with the kicking pigeons in 1998 .
9	chamber of horrors includes charleston noir , for four bass ; chamber of horrors , for harp ( 1995 ) , played by alice giles ; still life , for viola and piano ( 2001 ) ; gypsy ramble , for viola , cello and piano ( 1996 ) ; wild rice , for cello ( 1996 ) ; and velvet revolution , for horn , violin and piano ( 1999 ) .
20	as a founding member of the highly influential band orange 9mm , traynor developed a unique style of guitar and bass in the studio .
32	the members were carl peachman ( drum ) , alan merrill ( lead guitar , vocals ) , jake hooker ( second guitar ) , and james '' bucky '' hall ( bass , vocals ) .
21	scoring and structure luca della robbia : cantoria , psalm 150 the cantata is festively scored for alto , tenor and bass soloists , a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , three oboe , oboe d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo including bassoon .
9	scratches are provided by omega one , guitar and bass by damien paris of brooklyn - based band the giraffes and violin by baby dayliner .
15	track listing personnel art pepper - alto saxophone red garland - piano paul chambers - bass philly joe jones - drums references sources ian carr , digby fairweather , & brian priestley .
9	additional musicians utilized were curve 's dean garcia ( bass ) and steve monti ( drums ) , ian dury and the blockheads ' merlin rhys-jones ( guitar ) , and miranda sex garden 's hepzibah sessa ( violin ) .
51	track listing all tracks written by jimmy destri side a : side b : personnel jimmy destri - vocals , keyboards , guitar , backing vocals clem burke - drums tommy morrongiello - left guitar earl slick - center guitar carlos alomar - right guitar , backing vocals john siegler - bass michael kamen - keyboards , backing vocals chris stein - harmonica , lead guitar on '' little metal drummer '' donna destri - backing vocals debbie harry - backing vocals sasha kamen - backing vocals joey wilson - backing vocals production michael kamen - producer for mother fortune inc. recorded in new york at the hit factory .
44	to address this problem , mcguinn hired hillman 's cousin , kevin kelley ( formerly a member of the rising sons ) , as the band 's new drummer , and it was this three-piece line-up , with mcguinn on guitar and hillman on bass , that embarked on the early 1968 college tour .
24	personnel signed to manager don arden , the band members were : stuart attride ( guitar , keyboards , vocals ) gerry wade ( bass , vocals ) steve maher ( guitar , vocals ) barry creasy ( drum , vocals ) chas wade ( drums , vocals ) eileen woodman ( hammond organ , vocals ) dave church ( vocals ) pete hole ( guitar , vocals ) history previously , billed as the rush , they had recorded two singles with decca : '' happy '' / '' once again '' , and '' enjoy it '' / '' make mine music '' .
10	personnel barry gibb - vocals , guitar maurice gibb - bass blue weaver - keyboards , synthesiser , piano dennis bryon - drums karl richardson - sound engineer nick blacona - engineer conway twitty version '' rest your love on me '' was recorded by conway twitty in 1980 for his album of the same name .
18	members ; current members omar acosta lead vocals , guitar ( since 1996 ) carlos kretchmer vocals , bass ( since 1991 ) pedro lópez guitars , backing vocals ( since 1991 ) juan herrera drums ( 1991 -- 2005 , since 2009 ) ; former members alex patiño lead vocals ( 1991 1999 ) cedric guitars ( 1994 1999 ) boyle drums ( 1991 ) daniel tobar drums ( 2005 2009 ) discography ; studio albums incierto final ( 1993 , sello alerce ) fábricas mágicas ... lápidas tétricas ( 1995 , toxic ) hardcore para señoritas ( 1997 , ta ke sale !
8	the production starred his friends luigi lablache ( bass ) in the title role , giulia grisi ( soprano ) , giovanni battista rubini ( tenor ) , and antonio tamburini ( baritone ) .
20	band members lazare - vocals , synth , electronic beats , drums and percussion cornelius - vocals , guitars and bass guests agnete kjølsrud ( ex-animal alpha , djerv ) - vocals ( on tracks 3 & 7 ) benedicte maurseth - vocals ( on tracks 1 , 8 & 10 ) and hardanger fiddle ( on track 1 ) kjetil selvik - saxophone ( on tracks 4 , 5 & 7 ) vangelis labrakis - guitar ( on track 6 ) king is credited for '' wah howls '' on track 4 courtesy of chilihead/egghead prodz .
23	its style has been compared to christian musician sarah kelly , and features a background of '' thick '' drums , guitar , bass , piano , and an electronic organ .
98	band members alan '' boots '' holmes ( baritone sax / tenor saxophone / flute ) - ( born 25 april 1940 , rotherhithe , south east london ) '' major '' griff west ( tenor saxophone/flute ) - ( born david glyde , 19 december 1940 , barnehurst , kent ) barrie cameron ( organ / baritone saxophone ) - ( born barrie cameron-elmes , 25 october 1939 , erith , kent ) john st. john ( lead guitar ) - ( born john gillard , 1 april 1940 , dartford , kent ) wes hunter ( bass ) - ( born richard thomas , 1941 , barnehurst , kent .
14	the song is also well known for bill wyman 's so-called '' dive-bombing '' bass line at the end of the song .
17	among his notable pupils were tenors luciano pavarotti , giuliano bernardi , and vincenzo la scola and bass michele pertusi .
11	structure the song opens with a reggae section prominently featuring the bass , then moves through several contrasting themes before culminating in an improvised section that begins with a i-v-iv chord progression .
16	track listing personnel anja orthodox - vocal , lyrics paweł pieczyński - guitar krzysztof najman - bass piotr pawłowski - drums michał rollinger - keyboards michał jelonek - violin tomasz '' titus '' pukacki - vocal jacek skirucha - guitar dariusz ślusarczyk - conga music - closterkeller .
28	track listing performers rick froberg ( credited as nasdaq/reek fart ) - guitar , lead vocals john reis ( credited as spic odor/john re ) - guitar , bass , backing vocals jason kourkounis ( credited as judas deceased/jsinclair ) - drums kim thompson - backing vocals on '' salton city '' album information record label : swami records recorded june 1999 at big fish recorders in san diego by john reis and ben moore .
2	mark cuppello bass adam payne keyboards and backing vocals critical acclaim morrissey has mentioned his love for the courteeners on numerous occasions .
17	dan potthast ( guitar / vocals ) , ted moll ( drums ) , chris diebold ( bass ) and robert bell ( trombone ) have remained with mu330 since the band 's inception , while trombonist gerry lundquist has been a member for over a decade .
10	cavallo plays multiple instruments and has professional credits for his bass , keyboard , organ , piano , guitar and percussion work .
6	characters marko , rich peasant , bass doma , his second wife , mezzo soprano đula , marko 's daughter from the first marriage , soprano mića ( ero ) , young man from the nearby village , tenor sima , millman , baritone shepherd boy , child soprano a young man , tenor girls ( 6 solo ) , women ( 8 solos ) , men , shepherds , fruit-merchants ( 4 solos ) , merchants ( 4 solos ) , children and other village people .
23	however , during the mediaeval period among ashkenazi jews there developed the tradition of the hazzan being accompanied for certain prayers by a bass voice ( known in yiddish as singer ) and a descant ( in yiddish , meshorrer ) .
18	the opera includes a dugazon trouser role for the valet , mazet , and maitre jean has a bass aria ( '' le grand art de la cuisine '' ) on the past glories of the kitchen that still turns up in recital occasionally .
16	personnel mark mothersbaugh -- keyboards , vocals bob mothersbaugh -- guitar , vocals gerald casale -- bass , keyboards , vocals bob casale -- guitar , keyboards , vocals alan myers -- drums singles '' peek-a-boo !
4	charlie haden plays wah-wah bass on the title track , while frank lowe 's tenor evokes a blues influence .
12	credits ezio -- guitar , vocals booga -- guitar lidia cascarino -- bass peter van hooke -- drums produced by salami records directed by phil gaze recorded and mixed by graham bonnett lighting designer - andrew keightley track listing all songs written by ezio lunedei except where noted .
19	marcel journet marcel journet ( july 25 , 1868 september 7 , 1933 ) , was a french , bass , operatic singer .
19	wilhelm troszel wilhelm troszel ( 26 august 1823 - 2 march 1887 ) was a polish composer and opera bass .
43	track listing all songs written by killola unlockable bonus tracks both written by killola '' who we think we are '' - 3 : 51 '' cracks in the armor '' - 3 : 44 personnel lisa rieffel -- vocals johnny dunn -- bass mike ball -- guitar danny grody -- drums notes the song is this a love song was later released with added vocals from french singer anais .
47	the song was released to promote the not of this earth album , recorded by a new line-up which featured long-term members dave vanian and rat scabies , and new members kris dollimore ( guitar ) , allan lee shaw ( guitar ) , and moose ( bass ) .
55	release history comprehensive charts credits and personnel production music and lyrics : garbage recorded & produced by garbage engineer : billy bush recorded at kung foo sound & grungeisdead , los angeles , ca mastered : emily lazar & sarah register ( the lodge ) mastering assistant : joe laporta additional musicians daniel shulman - bass other personnel art direction and design : tom hington studios .
29	two years later , the demo guerra de criaturas ( 1987 ) was recorded and distributed as semi between supporters of the trio , consisting of rodrigo cuadra ( bass and vocals ) , jamal eltit ( guitar ) and jaime palma ( drums ) .
29	at the time it won gold , the quartet featured gene cokeroft as tenor , bob franklin as lead , harlan wilson as baritone , and bill cain as bass .
13	additionally , a slimmed down offshoot of the group , featuring hone on bass , guitarist dave brock and drummer richard chadwick , in 2012 released a separate album , stellar variations , under the moniker hawkwind light orchestra .
31	career the original band members were ron wilson ( drum , vocal ) , jim fuller ( lead guitar ) , bob berryhill ( rhythm guitar ) and pat connolly ( bass ) .
10	track listing personnel darren mathiassen -- drums crete haami -- bass tyson smith -- guitar chart performance humour and the misfortune of others debuted at number one on the rianz new zealand albums chart , the week of its release .
18	at the age of 16 , cantú was drawn to entertaining people ; she started taking guitar and bass lessons , eventually leaving law school to pursue her musical career .
19	scoring and structure the work is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , flute , oboe d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
21	nathan harrell east ( born december 8 , 1955 , philadelphia , pennsylvania ) is a jazz , b and rock bass player and vocalist .
7	personnel paul mccartney -- lead vocal , bass , piano george harrison -- backing vocal , lead guitar john lennon -- backing vocal ringo starr -- drum , tambourine mal evans -- hammond organ macdonald commented that starr added an overdubbed hi-hat part in addition to the hi-hat part played in the basic rhythm track , and that evans 's organ part was a single a note held throughout the final verse and chorus .
86	'' track listing ; cd promo single ( 1989 ) ; cd single version 1 and 12 '' single ( 1989 ) ; 7 '' single/picture disc ( 1989 ) ; 7 '' version 2 ( 1989 ) ; 7 '' version 3 ( 1989 ) ; 12 '' single ( 1989 ) ; cd single version 2 ( 1989 ) ; 7 '' australian single ( 1989 ) personnel anthony kiedis - lead vocals john frusciante - guitar , co - lead vocals flea - bass chad smith - drums ; add .
24	members seika -- vocals munekazu '' taka '' takayama -- guitar masanobu '' ura '' higa -- guitar kuniya '' yasha '' kawamitsu -- bass takuya '' fuga '' uehara -- keyboards kengo '' ken '' chibana -- drums former members higa -- guitar ( 2004 -- ?
15	its members , the guitarist dino cazares , jello biafra , drummer pat hoed , bass guitarist billy gould and vocalist juan brujo , used pseudonyms as most were in other known bands .
2	yuhsuke -- bass , previously in punクレア , currently in brother .
30	band members david james foster - vocals & guitar ( 2009 -- present ) adam beddow - guitar & backing vocals ( 2009 -- present ) jamie c. weate - bass & backing vocals ( 2009 -- present ) daniel taylor - drums ( 2009 -- present ) formation and ` declaration of independence ep ' no americana formed in early 2009 .
22	track listing personnel topon das -- guitar matt connell -- drums mel mongeon -- vocals , artwork , design tim audette -- bass ; production fuck the facts -- composition , recording david cain -- mastering liba suda -- artwork , design michal majewski -- photography recording the drum tracks were recorded in the first week of january 2002 .
28	personnel musicians miles davis -- trumpet , leader julian '' cannonball '' adderley -- alto saxophone john coltrane -- tenor saxophone bill evans -- piano paul chambers -- bass jimmy cobb -- drums production teo macero -- producer larry keyes -- engineer , remastering ira gitler -- liner notes mike berniker -- reissue , digital producer release history this album was originally released in 1974 ( not 1958 ) on cbs/sony records , 1958 miles has had a straight forward release history .
17	on the session , joey murcia plays guitar , george bitzer on keyboards , harold cowart on bass and ron '' tubby '' zeigler on drums .
55	history hailing from different towns around hopatcong , new jersey , hidden in plain view formed in august 2000 , when former 8 over par members joe reo ( vocals ) and rob freeman ( guitar / backing vocals ) merged with former jersey nonsense members kenny ryan ( guitar ) and chris amato ( bass ) , as well as derek reilly ( drums ) .
18	prior to the jesus and mary chain , he worked as a roadie for altered images and played bass in the wake .
8	this was the only track credited solely to bass player phil small on any of the band 's albums apart from '' notion for you '' on the 1994 rarities album teenage love ( small co-wrote '' the game '' from twentieth century with walker ) .
21	the band consists of alan andrews jr on vocals and guitar , bill threlkeld iii on guitar , mark hawkins on bass , joshua taylor on drums .
40	background the band formed in late 2012 by nathaniel hoho ( lead vocals , guitar ) ; jesse kotansky ( guitar , violin , backup vocals ) ; jacob generalli ( keys , backup vocals ) ; dan krysa ( bass , backup vocals ) ; and christopher heinz ( drums ) .
12	she then recruited luky annash ( piano ) , susan agiwitanto ( bass ) , okky rahman oktavian ( drums ) , and panji gustiano ( guitar ) to be her back-up band .
5	instruments such as guitar , bass , piano and drum , and lyrics about love were '' most wanted '' by the survey respondents , and are included in the song , which has been described as '' celine dion - esque '' .
4	he plays drums , bass , guitar and other instruments , and works the studio gear .
25	on top of mixing and producing duties , duncan also provides the majority of the instrumentation of his records , including piano , guitar , bass , cello , rhodes , melodica , synths , glockenspiel , drum , percussion , and harmonica .
13	'' track listing performers chris mccaughan - guitar , vocals brendan kelly - bass , vocals neil hennessy - drums album information record label : fat wreck chords recorded , mixed and produced september-october 2001 at atlas studios in andersonville , chicago by matt allison paintings and sketches by josh marshall type design and layout by david holtz additional art and layout by the lawrence arms and kate mccaughan pseudonyms in the album 's liner notes , the band members identify themselves under the false names clarence darrow , lehigh acres , and weekawken hennessy .
53	we 're only human ( previously the incredible kidda band and the kicks ) were a british powerpop and rock band , formed in london on 1 july 1981 , and composed of alan hammonds ( guitar and vocals ) , john rollason ( guitar and backing vocals ) , keith taylor ( bass ) and mark '' tarky '' bates ( drum and backing vocals ) .
10	he is a multi-instrumentalist who plays violin , guitar , bass , and piano .
15	the group eventually ended up as a trio with bailey on vocals , guitar , bass , and keyboards , his then girlfriend alannah currie ( percussion , saxophone , and vocals ) , and joe leeway ( percussion and vocals ) .
28	lyrically , '' talk about our love '' is about a relationship that lacks support by family and friends ; the music consists of an arrangement using a bass , keyboards , drums , and string instruments , the latter of which were provided by israel violinist miri ben-ari .
14	music butthole surfers introduced themselves to the world with seven songs full of throbbing bass , crashing drums , and heavily distorted guitar topped off with largely nonsensical , barely intelligible lyrics , alternately sung by lead vocalist gibby haynes and guitarist paul leary .
22	track listing musicians jakob mølbjerg - rhythm guitar mikkel sandager - clean vocals henrik '' kral '' andersen - death growl , bass morten sandager - keyboards rasmus jacobsen - drums signar petersen - lead guitar credits all music written by mercenary .
30	the choir today the choir comprises 18 boy choristers ( 3 of whom are probationers or training choristers ) and 12 professional lay clerk , singing countertenor , tenor and bass .
25	however , american girls featured veterans of the all-women band scene including brie howard who had played drums for fanny and miiko watanabe who played bass with the screamin ' sirens .
15	ludwig weber ( july 29 , 1899 december 9 , 1974 ) was an austrian bass .
6	unusually , they now had two bass players , graham knight on 4 string and pat fairley on 6 string ( fairley having dropped the standard rhythm guitar normally associated with rock groups of the early 1960s ) .
15	the role of don quichotte was one of the most notable achievements of the russia bass feodor chaliapin , for whom the role was specifically conceived .
36	negrini made his singing debut at age 15 , as dr. malatesta in a production of don pasquale mounted by a small company known as l'opera comique , a group begun by his father , the bass luciano negrini , and his mother , the mezzo-soprano clare mary young .
2	she played bass for clown alley and for the melvins .
10	during the recording sessions of the album tiago borges ( bass ) joined the band and in the summer jota ( drums ) and johnny ( guitar ) teamed up with urban tales .
11	chris childs ( born 24 june 1959 ) is an english bass player who was a member of the hard rock band thunder from 1996 to 1999 and again from 2002 to 2009 .
114	track listing cd tracklist dvd tracklist accolades latin grammy award charts billboard albums certifications credits and personnel musicians rocío dúrcal -- ( vocals ) juan carlos giron , eric mora and manny lopez -- ( guitar ) bernardino de santiago -- ( guitarrón ) jose guadalupe alfaro -- ( vihuela ) karen dixon -- ( flute ) alfredo oliva -- ( concertina ) robert weiner -- ( oboe ) trevor newman , levi mora arriaga , jason carder , jim hacker -- ( trumpet ) john david smith and dwayne dixon -- ( horn ) dana teboe , john kricker -- ( trombone ) bebu silvetti -- ( piano ) julio hernandez -- ( bass ) richard bravo -- ( percussion ) susana de las heras -- ( vocals ) production producer , arranger , direction and production : bebu silvetti .
14	british comedians mel smith and griff rhys jones appeared as a cheesy keyboard and bass duo during the end credits of one series of their long-running sketch show .
6	terry eldredge first began to play bass with opry stars such as lonzo and oscar .
31	fats navarro -- trumpet ( tracks 1-4 , 7-10 ) sonny rollins -- tenor sax ( tracks 1-4 , 7-10 ) bud powell -- piano ( all ) tommy potter -- bass ( all ) roy haynes -- drums ( all ) may 1 , 1951 session : tracks 12-20 .
21	in 1952 he formed his own group , the bellboys , with jack kane ( saxophone ) , frankie brent ( bass / guitar ) , russ conti ( piano ) , chick keeney ( drum ) , and jerry mayo ( trumpet ) .
22	the band was formed in fagersta , sweden in 1992 by magnus larnhed ( vocals / guitar ) , michael conradsson ( bass ) , toni virtanen ( drums ) and kai kalliomäki ( guitar ) .
16	the members of the band were matt harrop on vocals and guitar , luke hutching on bass , phil smiley on drum , and pip brown on lead guitar and background vocals .
20	track listing personnel leslie cheung - vocals ricky chu , nick - drums lam chi wan , eddie sing - bass hidetoshi yamada , tony arevalo jr. .
12	prior to the name change the band consisted of zach mayberry on bass , jered mark annis on lead guitar , niki skistimas on drums , and ralf dietel on lead vocals .
47	'' ) branco mello - vocals ( vocals on '' dissertação do papa sobre o crime seguida de orgia '' , '' felizes são os peixes '' , '' nem sempre se pode ser deus '' and '' estados alterados da mente '' ) nando reis - bass and vocals ( vocals in '' hereditário '' ) charles gavin - drums and percussion tony bellotto - guitar marcelo fromer - guitar jack endino - guitar ( final chords in '' agonizando '' ) , rhythm guitar and feedback in '' disneylândia '' trivia the introduction of '' fazer o que ?
27	the music was recorded at sound city , tower side , fe1 , with takayuki hijikata and makoto matsushita at the guitars , michio nagaoka at the bass and toshinobu takimoto at the drums .
27	'' personnel mick jagger -- lead vocals , harmonica keith richards -- guitar , backing vocals mick taylor -- lead guitar , slide guitar bill wyman -- bass charlie watts -- drums additional musicians ian stewart -- piano on '' carol '' and '' little queenie '' tour set list a typical set list for the tour included the following , although there were substitutions ( note the presence of '' gim me shelter '' on live'r than you 'll ever be ) , variations and order switches throughout the tour .
20	in 1997 they began to focus fully on the band , which had two new members : mikel lópez ( bass ) and aitor oreja ( guitar ) .
24	hans herbert fiedler ( born november 10 , 1907 , triest , died february 14 , 2004 in munich ) was a german opera bass and actor .
44	members line-up before band break-up qualcast '' koffee perkulator '' mutilator ( pete lee ) - vocals concorde faceripper ( steve nesfield ) - guitar schizo rotary sprintmaster ( gavin ` paddy ' o'malley ) - guitar mightymo destructimo ( chris parkes ) - bass explodin ' dr jaggers flymo ( chris flint ) - drums former members ( as lawnmower deth ) baron kev von thresh meister silo stench chisel '' is it time for my dinner yet ?
13	life after extensive musical education , karel berman started his career as a bass singer of opera in opava .
10	track listing side one side two personnel hillous butrum - bass don helms - steel guitar bob mcnett - guitar jerry rivers - fiddle hank williams - vocals , guitar sources liner notes : ( 1962 ) hank williams - hank williams on stage ( lp ) .
39	personnel chet atkins - guitar ( '' heart and soul '' ) errol '' crusher '' bennett - percussion vicki brown - background vocals margot buchanan - background vocals willy deville - vocals , background vocals mickey feat - bass , background vocals guy fletcher - keyboards , background vocals mark knopfler - guitar jamie lane - drums jeff porcaro - drums ( '' could you would you ?
13	in the 1980s , he began to produce his own electric guitars and bass .
13	'' track listing personnel dave burrell -- piano david murray -- clarinet ( bass ) , saxophone ( tenor ) production : glenn barratt -- engineer samuel charters -- producer , liner notes , photography reception allmusic says that burrell and murray are '' overtly experimental ... that does n't play to the strengths of these musicians .
15	hope-evans left the band for over a year , and fiddler , relf ( on bass ) , and drummer john davies recorded the band 's third album and last on dandelion , dark side of the moon .
7	'' anders herrlin , gyllene tider 's bass player , said it was finn 5 fel !
16	the work is scored for five vocal parts , two soprano , alto , tenor and bass , and an orchestra of three trumpets , timpani , corno da caccia , two flauti traversi , two oboes , two oboes d'amore , two bassoons , two violins , viola , and basso continuo .
15	personnel the distillers brody dalle - vocals , guitar kim '' chi '' fuellman - bass , vocals rose casper - guitar matt young - drums additional personnel ronnie king - piano on '' ask the angels '' additional notes sometime after the final track , '' the blackest years '' , there is a hidden track .
29	track listing 2-track single maxi single 12 '' picture disc chart performance credits and personnel additional production by justin spier and mat jackson all instrument by matt prime additional bass : guy pratt recorded at stanley house in 2006 credits adapted from the liner notes of trip the light fantastic , interscope records .
25	added in update 1.2 are '' smart strings '' , a string section made of 1st and 2nd violins , viola , cello , and bass , capable of playing notes legato , staccato , and pizzicato .
24	members ale : vocals and rhythm guitar diego : lead guitar and backing vocals leo : harmonica migue : drums and percussion pablito : bass discography escupiendo verdades ( demo ) , 2000 it 's a demo with 11 themes .
4	) abbie travis -- bass ( 200 ?
28	turn up the quiet ( wcs 051 ) ; released in 2010 on whaling city sound ; featured ron gill on vocals , john stein on guitar and bass , and gilad barkan on keyboards .
15	music the work is scored for soprano , two violin , viola , cello and bass ; the tempo marking is andante grazioso , the time signature is 2/4 time , the key signature is a major .
19	uk cd : ape cd 002 personnel andy partridge -- instruments and vocals on all tracks colin moulding -- bass on 2 , 13 , 15 and vocal on 2 dave gregory -- piano on 8 , guitar on 13 and 15 , synth and drum programming on 15 , recording engineer on 8 , 15 terry chambers -- drums on 13 steve warren and ` bubble ' -- recording engineers on 13 credits all songs were recorded at andy 's home except 8 , 15 at dave 's home and 13 at redbrick studio , swindon town hall .
3	the song features bass and electric guitar , synthesizer , piano as well drums .
7	living loud was a recording project featuring bass player and songwriter bob daisley , uriah heep drummer lee kerslake , guitar steve morse of deep purple and cold chisel singer jimmy barnes .
11	rubinson , who produced the song , included rhythm guitar , bass , drums and strings .
35	-- mem ` ries no. 6 -- finale -- mem ` ries cast information the original cast was : amandus ( tenor ) -- charles hildesley amanda ( soprano ) -- josephine findlay piscator ( bass ) -- eric lewis at the end of july 1886 , amandus was taken over by charles wilbraham .
20	'' track listing ; 12 '' single ( 12 r 6039 ) personnel paul mccartney - vocals , guitar , bass , keyboards , drums reception music website allmusic .
24	despite being on a different label from its predecessor quiet places , buffy was recorded with essentially the same personnel in norbert putnam on bass , david briggs on keyboards , kenny malone on drums and the memphis horns .
15	the initial lineup consisted of john reis on guitar and piano , don ankrom on bass and joey piro on drums .
33	track listing personnel musicians jonny blu -- vocals , music arrangements myke aaron -- piano , music arrangements bob malone -- piano mark miller -- guitar ricky zahariades -- guitar chris golden -- bass chris tedesco -- trumpet martin blasick -- trombone doug webb -- saxophone , woodwind , clarinet , flute jimmy paxson -- drums , percussion production myke aaron -- producer , engineer , mixing jonny blu -- producer , arranger myke aaron -- mixing , mastering international album variations image : in just that kind of a mood-south korea-cover .
10	this is eventually joined by intermittent electric guitar chords and bass .
34	ep , hijack records ( sep 2005 ) dead streets , hijack records ( sep 2006 ) band members mike szymanski - vocals , guitar erik eriksson - guitar , vocals kerem yazar - bass , vocals '' doc '' - drums songs featured on television one of their songs , '' dead streets '' was featured in the shower scene of grey 's anatomy , from the episode it 's the end of the world , part 1 .
9	martin ace -- guitar and vocal george ace -- bass and vocal dave charles -- drums deke leonard -- guitar malcolm morley -- guitar ducks deluxe the first recording of pub rock band ducks deluxe ever released .
12	track listing personnel katie melua - guitar , vocals tim harries - bass , piano on track 12 luke potashnick - guitars steve donnelly - guitars henry spinetti - drums arden hart - keyboards with b j cole - pedal steel on tracks 1,5,9 dominic miller - guitar on tracks 5,9 jim watson - piano on track 2 keith brazil - drums on track 3 paul stanborough - mandolin on track 2 fergus gerrand - drums on tracks 2,6,9-11 william orbit - kalimba on track 6 chart performance in the united kingdom , the album debuted at # 4 with 29,611 copies sold in its first week .
20	it would later include '' artistas reunidos '' musicians max de castro , on guitar , and daniel carlomagno on bass .
6	players can choose between guitar , bass , keyboard , and drums , which each have their own unique play style .
24	track listing personnel ; performers rob barrett -- guitar george fisher -- vocals paul mazurkiewicz -- drums jack owen -- guitar alex webster -- bass ; production scott burns -- producer , engineer , mixing cannibal corpse -- producer mike fuller -- mastering brian james -- design vincent locke -- artwork , illustration brian slagel -- executive producer 2007 vile live dvd track listing february 3 , 1997 february 4 , 1997 created to kill several of the songs from the finished album were written while barnes was still in the band , and were recorded in demo form with his vocals .
34	most of the songs from the enter the realm ep , iced earth , and night of the stormrider were re-sung by matt barlow , and on some of the songs the drums and bass were redone .
12	these bands consisted of a relatively small horn section , piano , bass , a full array of cuban percussion instruments and a vocalist fronting the ensemble .
9	personnel lefty bates guitar lonnie brooks guitar willie dixon bass earl phillips drums jimmy reed guitar , harmonica , vocals mary reed backing vocals eddie taylor guitar phil upchurch guitar track listing all songs by jimmy reed , except where noted .
17	personnel ; communic oddleif stensland -- lead vocals , lead guitar , rhythm guitar erik mortensen -- bass tor atle andersen -- drums ; additional musicians peter jensen -- keyboards ; production recorded , mixed , and mastered by jacob hansen at hansen studios , denmark .
19	track listing contributing musicians kikki danielsson , vocals lasse wellander , guitar peter ljung , keyboard rutger gunnarsson , bass klas anderhell , percussion , drums hasse rosén , guitar , banjo svensktoppen the ballad som en sol from the album was on svensktoppen for seven weeks during the period august 28-october 9 , 1993 , where it peaked at # 7 .
21	unlike other ishine artists , armstrong 's album wake up boasts a hard rock sound , with guitar solo , profound bass , and occasional vocals , as opposed to the normal pop sound performed by other ishine artists .
7	with the interplay of two guitars , bass , cello , and more prominent female vocals , scrabbling at the lock marked a turn toward melodic song structures that incorporated elements of free improvisation in the ex 's music .
8	these people 's folk music consisted of bowed bass , fiddle and sometimes a clarinet , with the later additions of drum , accordion and guitar .
27	by the time he made the 1966 recording of the lincoln center production of the musical , his voice had deepened from merely bass-baritone to a full-fledged bass , and he could not sing the climactic high note on ol' man river as easily as he had in the 1951 film version , though he sounded fine on his lower notes .
19	scoring and structure the cantata is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboe , bassoon , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
37	on album recordings , the band at times has guest performers who play other instruments or play other instruments themselves , including a bodhran , flute , hammer , bones , fiddle , violin , banjo , bass , accordion , drums , and trumpet .
9	track listing personnel lemmy ( ian kilmister ) -- bass , lead vocals larry wallis -- guitar , backing vocals , lead vocals ( '' vibrator '' , '' fools '' ) phil '' philthy animal '' taylor -- drums lucas fox -- drums on '' lost johnny '' release history 1979 -- uk vinyl -- united artists rockfile , lbr1004 -- single white sleeve with george bodnar black-and-white photographs of lemmy on front and back 1981 -- uk vinyl -- liberty , ln66125 -- black-and-white photograph of lemmy , wallis and fox in the studio .
4	kirilo -- vocals , bass , casiotone .
40	in 1942 , in the absence of the station 's owner and announcer sam anderson , he also began reading commercials on the station 's 15-minute slot sponsored by the king biscuit flour company , and began learning to play bass .
29	stemming from sao jose dos campos , the band 's original lineup consisted of clovis tito on vocals / guitars , daniel dias on guitar , ivan roman on bass and luis nonaka on drums .
28	the band includes steve riley ( accordion ) , david greely ( fiddle ) , sam broussard ( guitar ) , brazos huval ( fiddle / saxophone / bass ) and kevin dugas ( drums ) and formerly jimmy domengeaux ( guitar ) before his death in 1999 .
13	lineup dave simonett -- guitar , lead vocals , harmonica tim saxhaug -- bass , backing vocals dave carroll -- banjo , backing vocals erik berry -- mandolin , backing vocals ryan young -- fiddle , backing vocals simonett , saxhaug , and young also play in a side project called dead man winter , and young fronts the fiddle heirs and continues to collaborate with pert near sandstone , perhaps most notably on their rendition of the beatles classic '' i am the walrus '' .
14	track listing personnel dave smalley -- vocals bill stevenson -- drum karl alvarez -- bass , vocals stephen egerton -- guitar trivia a young basketball player is seen wearing an '' allroy for prez '' t-shirt in the movie '' jack '' featuring robin williams .
22	upon leaving lane technical high school , daily left home to try to carve out a life as a musician , playing bass with jazz band in numerous clubs across the midwest .
19	'' track listing limited-edition bonus track personnel ; band members thomas hedlund -- drums and percussion andreas johansson -- bass fredrik kihlberg -- guitar and vocals magnus lindberg -- drums and engineering erik olofsson -- guitar and graphic design johannes persson -- guitar and vocals anders teglund -- keyboards kristian karlsson -- additional recording måns lundberg -- additional recording vertikal ii vertikal ii is an ep by the swedish rock band cult of luna that was released on september 17 , 2013 through density records / indie recordings .
3	she originally played bass but performed poorly at it .
20	when the trio were rags , price ( then known as wesley the stash ) played guitar , aylward played bass , and austin ( then known as napoleon lemens ) played drums .
37	members include josh king ( vocals / acoustic guitar ) , tommy scifres ( guitar ) , joel kiser ( guitar ) , matt bowers ( keyboard ) , jordan powers ( ex - far-less ) ( bass ) and jack foster ( drums ) .
13	victor lemonte wooten ( born september 11 , 1964 ) is an american bass player , composer , author , producer , and recipient of five grammy award .
20	track listing tracks previously unreleased credits brock lindow - vocals steve holt - guitar , background vocals mick whitney - bass thomas noonan - drums raithon clay - guest voalist , destroy the map ( single version ) destroy the map - music written by steve holt and t. noonan , lyrics by brock lindow .
48	at the time their self-titled first album was recorded , jemimah puddleduck also featured john molo ( who had previously played with bruce hornsby , the other ones , and phil lesh and friends ) on drums , bob gross ( albert king , delaney bramlett ) on bass , and arlan schierbaum ( richie kotzen ) on keyboards .
17	xix 164 -- 7 located at the biblioteca nazionale centrale firenze uncovered previously unidentified emblems in the bass partbook .
11	track listing personnel john scofield - electric guitar steve swallow - bass adam nussbaum - drums notes out like a light is the sister album to shinola as both recordings contain material from the munich concerts of december 1981 .
21	track 3 ; solos on 1 , 6 ) , ukulele ( 1 , 11 , 12 ) david piltch -- bass jay bellerose -- drums ( exc .
14	the two versions of ayler 's band heard on the record both feature two bass players , which '' sharpens the sound considerably , producing a rock-solid foundation for ayler 's raw witness '' .
16	its members were milenko stefanović - clarinet , vojislav đonović - guitar and aleksandar nećak - bass .
19	franco ventriglia ( october 20 , 1922 -- november 28 , 2012 ) was an opera singer who sang bass in every major european opera house during the 1950s , 60s , and 70s .
20	biography the original singer , mati , left the band soon afterwards , leaving venno on drums , tarvo on bass , and villu tamme on vocals and guitar , sometimes working together with guest singers ( with tõnu trubetsky from vennaskond playing under the name '' vürst trubetsky & j.m.k.e. '' ) .
46	track listings ; cd single - france ; cd single - usa ; cd maxi single - europe personnel joan osborne -- vocals , percussion , acoustic guitar eric bazilian -- guitar , mandolin , chant , saxophone , harmonica , electric piano mark egan -- bass rob hyman -- piano , organ , synthesizer , mellotron , backing vocals , drum andy kravitz -- drums , percussion accolades , chart performances and sales the song received grammy nominations in 1996 for best female pop vocal performance , record of the year , and song of the year .
27	biography raised in paradise valley , arizona , cris took up the banjo after seeing deliverance , moved on to guitar , and ultimately picked up the bass when he started playing together in bands with his older brother curt .
51	history the band was formed in 1987 by andy maconald ( aka '' dr. technology '' , guitar ) , p6 ( aka '' fat bastard '' , '' wilberforce '' , real name phil eaglesham , vocals ) , with the line-up completed by mofungo diggs ( steven macdougall , bass ) and richie dempsey ( drums ) .
23	the band 's members are dan izzo on vocals , wolfgang on guitar and vocals , adam on drums and todd harkness on bass .
11	mark harmon is an american record producer , songwriter , and bass , best known for his work with the rock group the 77s .
25	george cook , ( 28 may 1925 april 1995 ) was an english opera singer and actor , best known for his performances in the bass and bass-baritone roles of the savoy operas with the d'oyly carte opera company .
18	geir aimar rognø ( born 31 march 1963 in bergen , norway ) is a norwegian musician ( bass ) , known from the band '' hot cargo '' with the bergen guitarist ole thomsen .
16	line-up john henry -- vocals kris norris -- guitar mike schleibaum -- guitar paul burnette -- bass ryan parrish -- drums trivia the song '' demon ( s ) '' can be heard in the episode '' escape from dragon house '' of hbo 's true blood .
10	credits elizabeth fraser -- vocals robin guthrie -- guitar , bass , drum machine ; additional personnel jon turner -- engineer 23 envelope -- artwork , art direction , design '' ally '' is thanked for saxophone on '' five ten fiftyfold '' .
14	'' their personnel as of 2009 are mike phelan : guitar , dobro , bass , fiddle , lead & harmony vocals , writer .
12	at the request of her headmistress , she was trained by the bass daniel rootham ( father of the composer cyril rootham ) and joined the bristol festival chorus , of which daniel rootham was musical director ) .
30	the line-up was finn ( congas ) , fenton ( drums ) , green ( guitar and vocals ) , dave major ( keyboards ) , and tony allday ( bass ) .
27	martin was persuaded by harvey and then further developed '' clocks '' while other band members supplemented their ideas based on the main piano track , adding bass and drums .
14	track listing personnel billie joe armstrong - lead vocals , guitar mike dirnt - bass , backing vocals al sobrante - drums aaron cometbus - backing vocals , '' teeth '' on '' knowledge '' notes the dog on the cover of slappy was known as mickey .
15	ferruccio furlanetto ( born 16 may 1949 in sacile , italy ) is an italian bass .
5	they were mark prince ( bass ) , clarence rigsby ( tenor ) , robert thursby ( first tenor ) , and william solomon ( baritone ) .
32	morrison used a stripped down band on this montreaux jazz festival appearance that consisted of : van morrison - vocals , guitar pete wingfield - piano , background vocals jerome rimson - bass , background vocals dallas taylor - drums covers ellis hooks performed a cover version of '' bulbs '' on the 2003 released tribute album , .
12	the songs on this album are more folk-oriented with occasional harmonica , bass , drums , banjo and mandolin as opposed to the previous releases which only consisted of acoustic guitar and piano .
10	track listing personnel paul croan -- producer gavin clark -- bass , keyboards , programming kevan whitley -- guitar , keyboards , programming dan bartley -- album artwork trivia most of the song titles on the album are references/tributes to basketball , football , the simpsons , the american humourist maddox , and several movies , including seven , the matrix , and good morning , vietnam .
18	on 6 march 2010 , the group entered the voice festival uk for the second time , where bass iain glen won the ` outstanding arrangement ' for his arrangement of sara bareilles ' '' gravity '' .
20	personnel guy picciotto -- vocals , guitar ian mackaye -- vocals , guitar , piano joe lally -- vocals , bass brendan canty -- drums , piano jerry busher -- second drums , percussion bridget cross -- backing vocals kathi wilcox -- backing vocals amy domingues -- cello production produced , recorded , engineered & mixed by fugazi & don zientara cd mastering by chad clark vinyl mastering by john loder jem cohen -- cover design , photography david bryant -- photography steven skovensky -- photography chart positions album awards the argument won the a2im ( american association of independent music ) award for best rock album .
18	personnel john lennon -- lead vocal , lead guitar , rhythm guitar paul mccartney -- backing vocal , bass , cowbell george harrison -- backing vocal , 12 string rhythm guitar ringo starr -- drum , bongos notable recordings harry nilsson version '' you ca n't do that '' was covered by harry nilsson for his debut album pandemonium shadow show ( 1967 ) .
52	other members include : eric cymanski ( trumpet ) , robert ruffner ( trombone ) , paul lucckesi ( alto sax ) , todd doucet ( tenor sax ) , max bennett-parker ( piano ) , tony montanez ( drum ) , raymond gonzalez ( latin percussion ) , adam elmore ( bass ) , and jim fox ( guitar / vocals ) .
12	one of the four guitarists present filled in for klaus voormann on bass when his flight from germany was delayed .
27	music video the music video was directed by jonas åkerlund and is a performance-based music video , the first to feature melissa auf der maur , playing bass with the band after the departure of d'arcy wretzky .
13	personnel herbie hancock piano freddie hubbard trumpet george coleman tenor saxophone ron carter bass tony williams drums other versions ahmad jamal recorded a version of '' dolphin dance '' on his 1971 album the awakening .
29	nada surf was formed in 1992 and consists of matthew caws ( guitar , vocals ) , ira elliot ( drum , backup vocals ) and daniel lorca ( bass , backup vocals ) .
28	david fricke has also praised the instrumental interplay between the '' church bell peal '' of crosby and mcguinn 's guitars , and hillman 's melodic , loping bass , while describing the song as '' a radiant evocation of a medieval festival , and by extension the sensual idealism of the hippie dream .
8	escm also features transeau adding live guitar , bass and drums to songs , as well as the use of a strings ensemble .
2	he played bass for a three-piece jazz combo for a few years , but he eventually got a spot playing rhythm guitar for otis rush .
27	personnel rivers cuomo -- lead vocals , lead guitar , harmonica patrick wilson -- drums brian bell -- rhythm guitar \* , backing vocals matt sharp -- bass , backing vocals ric ocasek -- producer chris shaw - engineer rivers cuomo stated that he played both lead and rhythm guitar on the blue album after former guitarist jason cropper left the band , but did say that brian did background vocals on the album .
5	the song features a virtuoso bass performance by john entwistle .
37	the band creates '' concise , melodic , rhythmic , emotional pop rock '' and is made up of matt o'dowd on vocals and keyboard , dan larkin on guitar and vocals , and kevin mckenzie on bass .
22	in singing he took the alto or contra-tenor parts , invariably employing his falsetto , although his natural voice was a deep bass .
57	momin durrani rachel viccaji sara haider musicians with the departure of rohail , musician house band is alomost revamped with new artist , following is the list of featured line-up musicians : personal drums : aahad nayani tabla & dholak : babar ali khanna guitars : imran akhoond piano , synth and keyboard : jaffer ali zaidi bass : khalid khan percussion : sikandar mufti guest musicians following is the list of guest musicians that will support the season 7 primary musicians , many guest musicians are from previous seasons , ghulam abbas , shallum xavier , omran shafique and javed iqbal are among them who served as the main musicians in previous seasons and now have a guest appearance in season seven .
41	ivan rebroff ivan rebroff ivan rebroff ( 31 july 1931 27 february 2008 ) was a german singer , allegedly of russian ancestry , with an extraordinary vocal range of four and a half octave , ranging from the soprano to bass registers .
20	track listing performers scott russo - vocals steve morris - guitar rob brewer - guitar pat '' pk '' - bass wade youman - drums album information recorded live at the palace in hollywood , california .
6	taras konoshchenko is a ukrainian opera bass .
12	organizational history artistic director jonathan miller was the ensemble 's founding low bass and directed rehearsals for the group 's first 14 seasons .
22	the personnel for the faithfull version is herself on vocals , jagger on acoustic guitar , ry cooder on slide guitar and bass , jack nitzsche on piano and organ , and charlie watts on drums .
18	scoring and structure it is based on the italian solo cantata tradition and is in three movements for bass and keyboard ( and possibly cello or viola da gamba ) .
8	jon asencio ( aka john bondhead ) played bass and brock pytel was the band 's drummer .
22	sample of the translated lyrics : track listing personnel maakii & yuusuke -- vocals kazuto -- guitar meg -- guitar mackaz -- bass sassy -- drums production through -- art direction & design tom vezo ( minden pictures/amana , cover ) , hidekazu maiyama ( members ) -- photographer tsukushi ichikawa ( mild ) -- hair & make-up toshio takeda ( mild ) -- styling charts oricon sales chart ( japan ) guitarfreaks & drummania this song is playable as a cover in drummania / guitarfreaks v4 .
69	line-up the chords featured carl ( lead ) and claude feaster ( baritone ) ( born september 23 , 1933 - november 1975 ) , jimmy keyes ( first tenor ) ( born may 22 , 1930 , the bronx , new york - july 22 , 1995 , new york ) , floyd '' buddy '' mcrae ( second tenor ) and william '' ricky '' edwards ( bass ) - formed in 1951 in the bronx , new york , but were not discovered until three years later , when they were spotted singing in a subway station , a performance that ultimately landed them a recording contract with atlantic records ' cat records label .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo : music as with many works of georg philipp telemann , but rare in bach 's cantatas , the bible quotation is split in two movements , a duet and a chorus which follows immediately in a different time and faster tempo .
20	personnel nathan ells - vocals , lyrics a.j. minette - guitar , piano dean herrera - guitar kenny arehart - bass brett powell - drums sons of nero - artwork in popular culture an 8-bit remix of '' crossing the rubicon '' is used as the theme song for the angry joe show , an internet video game review series hosted by joe vargas .
27	it consisted of steve albini ( formerly of big black ) on guitar and vocals , david wm . sims ( formerly of scratch acid ) on bass , and rey washam ( formerly of scratch acid and big boys ) on drums .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in eight movements is scored for four vocal soloists -- soprano , alto , tenor and bass -- and a four-part choir , flauto traverso , two oboe , two violin , viola , organ and continuo .
15	personnel linda mccartney - lead vocals , electric piano , moog synthesizer paul mccartney - bass , guitar , drums , mellotron denny laine - flute availability the track '' the oriental nightfish '' was released in 1998 on the studio/compilation album wide prairie following linda mccartney 's death earlier that year .
2	she played bass and sang in champions of sound with chris traynor of orange 9mm and helmet , and with sergio vega of quicksand .
8	personnel damon delapaz -- drums adam lewis -- bass chris lewis -- guitar will salazar -- vocals , guitar trivia the title of this album as well as the symbol on the cover are references to the metal band slayer and the pop artist prince .
6	personnel paul mccartney -- vocal , bass , piano john lennon -- rhythm guitar george harrison -- lead guitar ringo starr -- drums , chocalho george martin -- producer norman smith -- engineer macdonald was not sure whether mccartney or harrison played the lead guitar solo .
25	in 2005 three further musician joined the band , and consists of : sydney maresca anne harris will carlough ( drums ) andrew dickerson ( bass ) paul thureen ( harp ) the band 's biggest hit , '' gay boyfriend '' , had an unconventional novelty music video , created for a small internet site , which gained international airplay on mtv and most other music networks , especially in the united kingdom .
10	personnel george kooymans - guitar , vocals rinus gerritsen - bass , keyboards barry hay - flute , vocals cesar zuiderwijk - drums eelco gelling - guitar bertus borgers - saxophone robert jan stips - keyboard production producer : golden earring executive producer : fred haayen engineer : andy knight , john kriek , jan schuurman mixing : andy knight , john kriek arranger : golden earring string arrangements : robert jan stips art direction : george osaki concept : barry hay photography : paul gerritsma , graham hughes charts album - billboard ( north america ) trivia kill me ( ce soir ) was covered by iron maiden as a b side on their 1990 single '' holy smoke '' on the dutch pressing , mca-2139 , that was marketed in europe , the side 2 label has the song lists double printed .
25	the earliest version of the group included first tenor albert campbell , second tenor james kent '' jim '' reynard , baritone joe belmont and bass joe majors .
16	tony mitchell ( born 5 september 1951 in sydney , australia ) is a songwriter and bass guitarist who rose to fame in the 1970s with the australian rock band , sherbet .
38	rose commented on the difficulty of filming the video and how certain scenes inspired by the relationship with erin everly affected him emotionally : personnel axl rose lead vocals slash lead guitar izzy stradlin rhythm guitar duff mckagan bass matt sorum drums shannon hoon back up vocals steven adler drums ( demo version ) live '' do n't cry '' was performed quite frequently during the early tours and the use your illusion tour .
21	tour dates personnel performers lead performers michael jackson : vocals randy jackson vocals , assorted percussion jermaine jackson : vocals ; bass tito jackson : vocals ; guitar marlon jackson : vocals ; percussion jackie jackson : vocals ; percussion ( first performance during the quebec concerts .
22	the personnel also included peter thorup , vocals ; alan parker , guitar ; harold mcnair , flute ; herbie flowers , bass ; roger coulam , keyboards ; barry morgan , drums ; plus don lusher and bill geldard , trombone .
13	the group 's sound , featuring a numbing guitar drone , powerfully throbbing bass , pounding drum machine , and reed 's cavernous vocal tones , caused the lorries ( as their fans came to call them ) to be quickly lumped into the then-developing gothic rock scene by pop journalists , although the band themselves preferred to cite wire as an influence .
23	ylönen initiated the project of the rasmus ( then called just '' rasmus '' ) in 1994 , along with eero heinonen ( bass ) pauli rantasalmi ( guitar ) , and jarno lahti ( drums ) , with lahti subsequently being replaced by heiskanan .
19	track listing all tracks by anja orthodox personnel anja orthodox - vocal mariusz kumala - guitar krzysztof najman - bass janusz jastrzębowski - drums michał rollinger - keyboards music - closterkeller .
22	r.v. had just finished seven years of schooling at the prestigious paris conservatoire , and was now able to play guitar , bass , accordion , and keyboard .
31	track listing personnel the pharmaceutical bandits matt embree - vocals , guitar rich balling - trombone , vocals noah gaffney - tenor sax , alto sax , vocals franz worth - bass chris tsagakis - drums additional personnel neil burdick - alto sax , vocals chris colonnier - trombone , keyboard , vocals diana smallwood bond - vocals randy briggs aka '' jaime the robot '' - sax one ball jay - gang vocals pickle - gang vocals jackie ojeda - gang vocals sonny johnston - gang vocals chris rush - gang vocals aka caroline smallwood aka carolyn smallwood - producer - engineer rich vollaire - graphic layout artwork - chris tsagakis additional notes '' i do n't care '' - although noted on the album as being three minutes long - instead runs four minutes , thirty seconds .
14	lászló polgár ( 1 january 1947 19 september 2010 ) was an hungarian operatic bass .
22	the early line-up consisted of 4 members federico renzulli ( nicknamed ghigo ) on guitar and lead vocals , gianni maroccolo on bass , sandro dotta on lead guitar ( who left the band after a few weeks ) and francesco calamai on drums .
10	a few weeks after , the auditions , andy ( bass ) and fabio ( vocals ) joined .
17	scoring and structure the work is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two flute , two oboe , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
18	personnel garm -- vocals øystein g. brun -- acoustic & electric guitar ivar bjørnson -- keyboard infernus -- bass grim -- drums production arranged by borknagar ; all songs copyright control .
51	track listing line-up dave brockie ( oderus urungus ) - lead vocals dewey rowell ( flattus maximus ) - lead and rhythm guitar , backing vocals steve douglas ( balsac the jaws of death ) - lead and rhythm guitar , backing vocals michael bishop ( beefcake the mighty ) - bass , backing vocals rob mosby ( nippleus erectus ) - drums don drakulich ( techno destructo ) - lead vocals on '' techno 's song '' miscellaneous when the beginning of the song '' öllie north '' is played backwards , the actual beginning of the song happens to be a slurred rendition of a part of the bridge to careless whisper .
18	members conor adams -- lead vocals , guitar neil adams -- lead guitar , vocals john higgins -- bass , vocals kevin curran - drums , percussion discography albums singles awards choice music prize the cast of cheers debut album , chariot , was nominated for the choice music prize in january 2010 .
23	giulio neri ( may 21 , 1909 , torrita di siena - april 21 , 1958 , rome ) was an italian operatic bass , particularly associated with the italian repertory .
27	the members of the band use stage name and are : angelina galactique ( backing vocals , flute , keyboards , melodica ) , tommy glorioso ( bass ) , jim goldworth ( lead vocals , electric and acoustic guitar ) , kingo ( drum and percussion ) and mickey maniac ( backing vocals , guitar , melodica ) .
22	the nucleus of the band were andy o ( overall ) on vocals , tim parry on guitar , mike ansell on bass and mickey sparrow on drum .
40	the band consists of kelly hoppe ( lead vocals , harmonica , saxophone , rhythm guitar ) , greg cox ( guitar , mandolin , banjo , vocals ) , luke pelotte ( drums ) , and josh zalev ( bass , vocals ) .
3	he also played bass on wintersun 's first album before hiring a full-time line-up .
17	track listing credits syu - lead / rhythm guitar / backing vocals yama-b - vocals tsui - bass / backing vocals yuhki - keyboards / backing vocals junichi satoh - drums chart performance the album reached number 57 on the oricon album charts .
13	personnel rufus wainwright -- vocals , piano , string arrangement jeff hill -- bass jim keltner -- drums yves desrosiers -- banjo , guitar pierre marchand -- string arrangements stephanie allard -- violin jean-marc leblanc -- violin melanie belair -- violin genevieve beaudry -- violin julie dupras -- viola wilma hos -- viola veronique potuin -- viola greg hay -- viola carla antoun -- cello christine giguere -- cello jean paquin -- french horn pierre savoie -- french horn normand forget -- oboe appearances apart from being the opening and closing track on poses , a live performance of '' cigarettes and chocolate milk '' from central park summerstage appeared on wainwright 's 2005 music dvd , all i want .
18	the band was formed at that time by : yoryi on the drums , josé r on the bass , on the guitar and viola as the vocalist .
17	george wilson younce ( february 22 , 1930 -- april 11 , 2005 ) was an american bass singer , known for performing with southern gospel quartet , especially the cathedrals .
20	the original line up consisted of strummer on vocals and guitar , antony genn on guitar , scott shields on bass , martin slattery on keyboards and guitar , as well as flute and saxophone on select songs , pablo cook on various percussion instruments and steve barnard on drums , using his stage moniker '' smiley '' .
19	track listing personnel kim mitchell - guitar and lead vocals paul kersey - drum and percussion mike tilka - bass and vocals terry watkinson - keyboards and vocals pye dubois - lyrics this album was released in the us on the mercury / polygram records label with different artwork and the album was given the title hangover production credits produced by max webster and terry brown recorded and mixed at toronto sound studios , toronto , canada all songs published by mark-cain music ( capac ) management - sro productions ( 1975 ) inc. .
23	currently musical direction is shared by the founder , the basque musicologist jon bagüés ( b. errenteria 1955 ) , and by the bass josep cabré .
29	kim fowley brings ann boleyn to hollywood in 1976 , while still a teenager in high school , producer kim fowley recruited her to join the runaways as the bass player .
10	philip booth ( born 1942 ) is an american opera bass who is chiefly associated with the basso profundo repertoire .
49	the group was a full five-piece band by 1978 that featured connell on guitar , franny davidson on banjo -- replaced by richard underwood after the band 's first recording session -- ( eddie d'zmura ) ( musician ) , eddie stubbs on fiddle , and larry robbins playing bass .
33	career early years ( 1984 -- 91 ) fields of the nephilim 's initial sound incorporated elements of hard rock , gothic rock , heavy metal and psychedelic rock , and comprised a bass and guitar driven sound underpinned by mccoy 's growled vocals .
18	track listing credits band members nils k. rue − vocals jørn viggo lofstad − guitars steinar krokmo − bass stian kristoffersen − drums ronny tegner − keyboards other '' god 's equation '' was mixed by stefan glaumann ( of rammstein ) in toytown studios , sweden .
47	promo single 7 '' vinyl geffen 9 24148-2 : a side : my michelle b side : knockin ' on heaven 's door ( live ) personnel izzy stradlin - rhythm guitar , backing vocals slash - lead guitar axl rose - lead vocals duff mckagan - bass , backing vocals steven adler - drums covers the song was covered by the punk group afi for the compilation called punk goes metal .
25	personnel george harrison -- vocals , acoustic guitar , slide guitar , backing vocals nicky hopkins -- pianos gary wright -- organ klaus voormann -- bass jim keltner -- drums chart positions notes citations sources dale c. allison jr. , the love there that 's sleeping : the art and spirituality of george harrison , continuum ( new york , ny , 2006 ; isbn 978-0-8264-1917-0 ) .
17	track listing personnel jón þór birgisson -- vocals , guitar kjartan sveinsson -- keyboards georg hólm -- bass orri páll dýrason -- drums strings : amiina ( on tracks 2,3,4,5,8 and 9 , recorded in kjartan sveinsson 's livingroom and langholtskirkja ) hildur ársælsdóttir edda rún ólafsdóttir maria huld markan sigfúsdóttir sólrún sumarliðadóttir brass ( on tracks 2 , 4 and 11 ) performed by : e. friðfinnsson helgi hrafn jónsson i.g. erlendsson k. håkonarson samúel jón samúelsson s. sigurðarson s.j. bernharðsson tambourine , claps and other noises by siggi frendi , höddi gunni , john best , sunray and breeze .
20	since 1999 , the lineup has consisted of hans ( singer ) , herman ( guitar ) , ludwig ( bass ) and erik ( drum ) .
15	ernie isley , who had joined his brothers ' band as a drummer , played bass on a majority of their 1969-1970 recordings before switching over to electric guitar after he had been practicing the instrument for a while .
35	after his return , he recorded as one member of the columbia male quartet , known after 1906 as the peerless quartet , who originally also included tenor henry burr and albert campbell , and bass tom daniels .
9	the lapse had leo on guitar and yasuda on bass with both handling vocals .
45	final members ( 1986 - 2009 ) : bjørn jensen alias '' bertel '' -- guitar and vocals ( founding member ) , jarle farestveit alias '' hallstein '' -- accordion and vocals ( founding member ) , gunnar låstad alias '' ruball '' -- bass and vocals , arild totland alias '' belbert '' -- drums and vocals , øyvind østerbø alias '' øyvind '' -- guitar and vocals , gunnar polden -- light and sound technichan .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , horn , flauto traverso , oboe d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
51	as the album was being completed , vance and pockriss created a seven-member touring band , comprising pat rizzo ( saxophone ) , rich dimino ( keyboards ) , bob gill ( trumpet / flugelhorn / flute ) , dave lavender ( guitar ) , andrew '' junior '' denno ( bass ) , joe cord ( vocals ) and danny valentine ( drum ) .
13	the set consists of ten members : three singers , three trumpet , bass , keyboard , timbales and congas that sound live .
27	this new group comprised money on keyboards and vocals , andy somers ( who later changed his surname to summers ) on guitar , pat donaldson on bass , and colin allen on drums .
21	history the band was formed by mark bandola ( vocals , guitar , keyboards ) and rob vandeven ( vocals , bass ) , with pete barraclough ( guitars , keyboards ) , and bryan hudspeth ( drums ) .
67	his pupils included metropolitan opera sopranos olive fremstad alice nielsen , and marie sundelius ; chicago grand opera company soprano myrna sharlow ; concert sopranos edith chapman goold and emma cecilia thursby ; broadway and concert tenor charles w. harrison ; french tenor edmond clément ; baritone and longtime head of the voice department at sarah lawrence college jerome swinford ; composer w. otto miessner ; and bass and former head of university of michigan music department william howland .
34	in the summer of 1985 the four formed the mr. t experience with portman on guitar and vocals ( under the pseudonym dr. frank ) , zelowitz on guitar and vocals , stamatatos on bass , and laipeneiks on drums .
25	'' - lindsey buckingham personnel lindsey buckingham - vocals , guitar , percussion , fairlight cmi , linndrum gordon fordyce - keyboards bryant simpson - bass other versions at concerts , notably on the dance , he did an acoustic fingerstyle version of go insane , which featured just him and a nylon-string guitar .