12	saturn assembly , and , on the 49g + / 50g , arm assembly and c , are also programmable using desktop based compilers .
6	widely used eabis include powerpc , arm eabi2 and mips eabi .
13	the aakash is a low-cost tablet computer with a 7-inch touch screen , arm 11 processor and 256 mb ram running under the android 2.2 operating system .
8	revopad devices are based on android os and arm based rockchip , , mediatek and allwinner soc .
5	the indilinx barefoot is an arm - based sata controller used in high performance ssds .
3	chessmachine , an arm - based dedicated computer , which could run two engines : '' the king '' , which later became the chessmaster engine , was also used in the tasc r30 dedicated computer .
17	kuro box the kuro box the kuro box is the name for a series of powerpc and arm processor based computer intended for use as a network-attached storage device .
6	bi-endian hardware some architectures ( including arm versions 3 and above , powerpc , alpha , sparc v9 , mips , pa-risc , superh sh-4 and ia-64 ) feature a setting which allows for switchable endianness in data segments , code segments or both .
13	version 9 is the most recent version currently available for the linux / arm - based nokia 770 / n800 / n810 internet tablets running maemo os2008 , classic mac os and windows 95/nt .
4	central processing units ; arm armware ; mips spim : open virtual platforms ' ovpsim 500 mips mips32 , enables you to develop software on your pc using virtual platforms , emulators including mips processors running at up to 500 mips for mips32 processors running many oses including linux .
3	she has four arm and wing , and wears a black and purple bathing suit .
4	a pillow between the arm and torso may provide support and increase comfort .
5	thus , its wing and arm bones were probably reduced , a process known to have taken as little as 10,000 years in some island rail .
26	design and construction minifigures generally feature six parts ( widely referred to as tools in the toy industry ) : head , torso , hip , arm , hand , and leg ; these six parts allow seven points of articulation : swivel head , swivel arms , swivel wrists , and swivel legs .
30	replantation has been defined by the american society for surgery of the hand as '' the surgical reattachment of a body part , most commonly a finger , hand or arm , that has been completely cut from a person 's body '' .
36	with the second brother down , selene turns her attention towards the third brother , who charges at her , but she response with the last weapon on her , a shuriken , severing his left arm clean off .
10	paddles are often used with pull buoy to build up arm strength .
5	it sometimes occurs in the arm or penis .
37	the original method used 11 body areas to assess hair growth , but was decreased to 9 body areas in the modified method : upper lip chin chest upper back lower back upper abdomen lower abdomen upper arm forearm ( deleted in the modified method ) thigh leg ( deleted in the modified method ) in the modified method , hair growth is rated from 0 ( no growth of terminal hair ) to 4 ( extensive hair growth ) in each of the nine locations .
9	limb : limb infarction is an infarction of an arm or leg .