0	seal performed '' weight of my mistakes '' , with cheryl burke , chelsie hightower , kym johnson , and lacey schwimmer dancing .
0	seal kiss from a rose run for number-one adult contemporary singles for 12th weeks these are the billboard adult contemporary chart number-one hits of 1995 .
30	her and charlotte completed the task best and as a grand price they were invited to the '' night of the proms '' in rotterdam by heidi klum 's husband seal , whom they also got to meet backstage and who was very kind to the girls .
5	it is often made from seal , or from whale , reindeer , or sea-birds .
14	it is theorised that they benefit from the actions of diving predators such as seal and penguin which push prey up towards the surface while hunting , allowing the surface feeding storm petrels to reach them .
18	mamegoma peeking out of a shopping bag after being rescued from a ufo catcher is a series of seal characters created by the japanese company san-x .
2	svg the seal coats of arms of historic romanian regions and provinces transylvania region coat of arms of transylvania , under michel the brave in romanian culture , contrary to the hungarian one , the geographical region of transylvania is not identical to the principality of transylvania , which is called ardeal in romanian .
2	political influence seal of thomas de brantingham during the fourteenth century , and in particular during the reign of edward iii , several de brantinghams held great offices of the state , including ralph de brantingham , king 's chamberlain to edward iii from 1349 , and thomas de brantingham ( died 1394 ) , lord treasurer from 1369 to 1371 and bishop of exeter from 1370 until his death .
3	history first known seal of 1241 ( replica ) the oldest coat of arms of hamburg has been retained on a city seals int the 12th and 13th century .
23	however , the dyes in these cells also suffer from degradation under heat and uv light and the cell casing is difficult to seal due to the solvents used in assembly .
13	airman applying caulk to baseboard caulking is one of several different processes to seal joints or seams in various structures and some types of piping .
7	a rubber gasket makes for a tight seal against the wire .