18	it has been postulated that elastic structures in series with the contractile component can store energy like a spring after being forcibly stretched .
9	reproduction and development house centipedes lay their eggs in spring .
10	pseudomonas cedrina is a gram-negative , rod-shaped bacterium isolated from spring waters in lebanon .
7	the dams were constructed to impound local spring water to supply the town of sheffield .
29	huge piles , or ` tips ' , of loose rock and mining spoil had been built up over a layer of highly porous sandstone that contained numerous underground spring , and several tips had been built up directly over these springs .
12	description seagull lake is a sub-coastal saline lake fed by a marine spring .
11	route the colne rises perennially from a subterranean river at a spring in north mymms park in hertfordshire .
16	other things associated with air and blood in ancient and medieval medicine included the season of spring , since it increased the qualities of heat and moisture ; the sanguine temperament ( of a person dominated by the blood humor ) ; hermaphrodite ( combining the masculine quality of heat with the feminine quality of moisture ) ; and the northern point of the compass .
8	location sunset at namsen the river begins in spring in børgefjell national park , just over the border in nordland county .
19	its name derives from the hometown of the first colonial settlers , sharon , connecticut , and the important spring in the village .
7	the site itself consists of a small spring - fed pool of '' bad water '' next to the road in a sink ; the accumulated salt of the surrounding basin make it undrinkable , thus giving it the name .
10	top mounted heave compensator drill string compensators are just giant spring between the drill bit and rig .
13	the united states army air forces experimented with downward-ejecting systems operated by a spring , but it was the work of sir james martin and his company martin-baker that was to prove crucial .
25	these '' warm-weather designs ( ... ) arrive in the shops in the us in november '' , after the autumn/winter collections and before the spring / summer collections , or generally between november/december and february in the northern hemisphere .
19	recreation lycoming creek is a popular site for trout fishing and is usually heavily stocked with fish in the spring , especially in its upper reaches in lycoming county .
10	they include lakes and pond , rivers , stream , spring , and wetland .
2	in the spring of 1540 , cortés returned to spain for the last time ; this was the first time that martín cortés , son of malinche , and don martín cortés met .
20	characterized by hot and dry summers , and mild to cool winters where most of the precipitation is concentrated ( spring and autumn being pleasantly warm transitional seasons ) .
10	the name of the town is taken from a nearby spring and is aboriginal in origin , its meaning is unknown .
12	tipularia discolor grows a single leaf in september that disappears in the spring .
4	eggs are laid during spring near decaying plant matter .
3	the main permanent spring , sar cheshmeh make the region fertile for agriculture and gardening .
7	the arms are derived from a roman spring sanctum from the 2nd century unearthed high in the woods .
39	the text of herodotus the eupalinian aqueduct or ditch , is cited by herodotus ( histories 3.60 ) , without whom it would not have been discovered : description inside the aqueduct the tunnel took water from an inland spring , which was roofed over and thus concealed from enemies .
13	the collect pond ( or fresh water pond ) was a body of spring - fed fresh water , occupying approximately 48 acres ( 194,000 m ² ) and as deep as .
15	at the same time , the count palatine was granted leave to develop the brine spring near sankt julian .
20	sims are able to build snowmen during the winter , rake fallen leaves in autumn , jump in puddle during spring and occasionally experience heat stroke in summer .
25	these thunderstorms can be a result from tropical wave , tropical cyclone , and frontal boundaries which become stationary across the region between fall and spring .
22	the album revolves around a seasonal concept ; the first four songs each represent one of the traditional four seasons , respectively spring , summer , autumn , and winter , while the final track , '' histoires sans paroles '' , represents the imaginary fifth season .
12	its natural habitat are temperate forest , freshwater marsh , and freshwater spring .
29	drainage in the 19th century tank stream , a historical drain in the city of sydney from the 1881 household cyclopedia : this operation is always best performed in spring or summer , when the ground is dry .
5	the weta stay frozen until spring time .
1	the spring supposedly furnished water for those who lived in this building and was only channelled into a drain in the 1950s .
26	its first mile remains relatively level as it follows the brook on that side closely , passing the lean-to site on that side and a developed spring .
6	the best seasons to visit are spring and autumn .
19	the gaussian network model ( gnm ) is a representation of a biological macromolecule as an elastic mass-and - spring network to study , understand , and characterize mechanical aspects of its long-scale dynamics .
1	amguel spring ) is a town and commune in tamanrasset district , tamanrasset province , algeria .
28	while johnson was labeled as '' moody '' and '' uncoachable '' during his days with the phillies and cardinals , he impressed reds manager dave bristol that spring and was given the starting job in left field even though a lefthanded bat would have been more suitable for the reds ' line-up .
6	the external source can be a spring , a raised weight , or a compressed gas .
2	in the spring , species such as european wood anemone , common wood sorrel and false lily of the valley are blooming .
21	the car , which was made up mostly of model t parts , was discovered to have a broken right front spring .
58	types stream in arkhangelsk oblast , russia a rocky creek in spearfish canyon , us creek in australia wyming brook in sheffield , uk brook in the bay of fundy , canada a low level stream in macon county , illinois ; brook : a stream smaller than a creek , especially one that is fed by a spring or seep .
5	it is found in freshwater spring , irrigated land , and canal and ditches .
3	it flowers in spring , from may to august , and produces seed from july to september .
4	the fontaines bleues natural spring .
7	painted caves , a cave with a spring in val verde county , texas , 20 kilometers southeast of comstock , texas .
12	the name means '' warm water '' and refers to the warm spring located in the foothills .
9	spring-piston guns operate by means of a coiled steel spring - loaded piston contained within a compression chamber , and separate from the barrel .
32	its natural habitat are temperate forest , river , intermittent rivers , shrub-dominated wetland , swamp , freshwater lake , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , rocky areas , arable land , pastureland , plantation , water storage areas , pond , open excavations , wastewater treatment areas , seasonally flooded agricultural land , and canal and ditches .
12	overview potential energy is often associated with restoring force such as a spring or the force of gravity .
22	the town is locally well known for the caledon spa and casino and for its rolling hills and yellow canola fields in spring .
3	the season of spring was the overall concept for this release , and the ep 's photos featured the band members in white dresses , with a field of flowers in the background .
1	in spring and summer , it migrates to spruce and infects recently emerged needle , coloring them in yellow .
12	bonchurch high street has an adjacent landscaped pond , fed by a spring , on the site of former withy beds .