20	in compliance , he shoos several pigeons near a pavement ; one of which blinds a construction worker in a crane , who accidentally hits a switch that drops a glass pane directly above tim , crushing him .
22	an alternative view is that the village is named after the welsh word '' garan '' which means heron , stork or crane .
37	wildlife various wildlife live in the park system , including deer , hawk , owl , rabbit , snake , fox , coyote , badger , porcupine , pelican , beaver , muskrat , ground squirrel and crane .
2	the izumi crane migration grounds cover a 245ha paddy field area of izumi plain in the northwest of kagoshima prefecture known for the about ten-thousand cranes which pass the winter there from every year mid october to march .
7	turna is the turkish word for species crane .
0	crane ) is a moshav in central israel .
41	on 14 march 2011 , with construction already underway on the main pylon , the one show broadcast footage of the on-site status of project , and profiled the four-man team putting it together , comprising two steel erector , a crane operator and a site foreman .
12	inside the shed will generally be a platform and sometimes a small crane to allow easier loading and unloading of wagons .
17	in 1898 , the company began a transition to using company-built streetcars and machinery ( such as crane and snowplow ) rather than purchasing the cars from other companies .
10	the site of a large shipyard will contain many specialised crane , dry dock , slipway , dust-free warehouses , painting facilities and extremely large areas for fabrication of the ships .
6	also , several major factories of crane , car , tractor and a chemical plant were established .
26	a team of riggers design and install the lifting or rolling equipment needed to raise , roll , slide or lift objects such as with a crane or block and tackle .
6	the crash was heard by a crane driver at , who reported the fact to the berthing master .
5	two 20-ton ( 18-tonne ) crane were retained and used to hoist the brewery 's serving tanks to their current location .
6	standard equipment includes : a td-50 crane , front-mounted stabilizing dozer blade , main and secondary winches .
15	origin of name the place name cranbrook derives from old english cran broc , meaning crane marsh , marshy ground frequented by cranes ( although more probably herons ) .
1	some crane already are remote controlled .
49	in prefabricated construction , only the foundations are constructed in this way , while sections of wall , floors and roof are prefabricated ( assembled ) in a factory ( possibly with window and door frames included ) , transported to the site , lifted into place by a crane and bolted together .
22	his father 's business under his leadership became the oldest family owned construction equipment distributor in the united states and the largest crane dealer in the southeast .
20	endangered species include the great indian hornbill , vulture , langur ( black faced monkey ) , giant squirrel , crane and tern .
6	on 20 june 2007 , a crane toppled whilst carrying out works on the bridge , and precariously hung for a number of hours off the side of the barriers .
26	on the day that the two halves of the bridge were joined , each side of columbus drive was closed for a 12-hour period and a crane was used to install the girders .
3	the trip stretched crane 's legs as the heavy rabbit held them tightly , leaving them elongated as cranes ' legs are now .
10	the tornadoes killed two people who were caught on construction crane when the tornado hit .
3	family : gruidae crane are large , long-legged and long-necked birds .
12	they organized these techniques into five animals : the tiger , the crane , the leopard , the snake , and the dragon .
8	steppe dwellers include the mongolian lark , demoiselle crane and long tailed siberian souslik .
4	rare migratory stork and crane are also seen wintering in the park ( lesser adjutant , greater adjutant , black-necked stork , asian openbill ) .
31	from 9 may to 18 july 1915 , the ship was modified by cunard at liverpool with a permanent , four-aircraft , hangar in the rear superstructure and a pair of crane were mounted at the rear of the hangar to hoist the seaplanes in and out of the water .
17	the carvings include 18 fish carvings , poems written calligraphically , three bodhisattva carvings , and a crane .
23	nck later was sold to robert maxwell 's media group as part of a wider deal , but maxwell was not interested in crane and nck became inactive .
13	when she was modernized in the 1930s , a catapult and a collapsible crane were fitted on the stern , and both ships were equipped to operate three floatplane , although no hangar was provided .
34	the byzantine military manuals also mention that jars ( chytrai or tzykalia ) filled with greek fire and caltrop wrapped with tow and soaked in the substance were thrown by catapults , while pivoting crane ( gerania ) were employed to pour it upon enemy ships .
1	a crane is still provided on this platform .
10	the genus name is derived from greek geranos , '' crane '' , a reference to the bird-like hind-limb .
28	it is an important breeding , moulting and resting area for numerous birds including the kingfisher , bittern , whooper swan , goosander , great crested grebe , crane and sea eagle .
18	sandhill grove contained sandy soil , a large oak stand , and during certain seasons large flocks of crane .
13	alternatively , it could be launched in jars fired from catapults ; pivoting crane ( gerania ) are also mentioned as a method of pouring combustibles onto enemy ships .
16	the neck is relatively shorter and thicker than other long-legged wading birds such as heron and crane .