1	each mole has been planted by the rival organization to gain an advantage in intelligence over the other side .
4	grant bristow , a mole for the canadian security intelligence service ( csis ) , infiltrated the group and became one of its leaders .
13	one of those who attended those early meetings was george blake , a mole in the british intelligence apparatus .
26	he is unable to repeat this feat in tinker , tailor , soldier , spy , due to the infiltration of the circus by a high-level mole run by the soviet spymaster karla .
25	the main villains of the show are the power-hungry police chief pamela bondani , who wants to become the town 's mayor , and her mole assistant professor molo .
31	philby , when he was posted in the british embassy in washington , dc , after the war , learned that us and british intelligence were searching for a british embassy mole ( cryptonym homer ) who was passing information to the soviet union , relying on material uncovered by venona .
26	castle abducts duka , who fearfully gives up information about the saints -- whom he , too , hates , and so willingly becomes castle 's mole .
37	part four ned reflects that every employee of the circus of a certain generation can recall where he or she was at the time of '' the fall '' -- bill haydon 's exposure as a kgb mole .
16	ten months after chan 's death lau kin-ming ( andy lau ) , hon 's former mole in the hong kong police force , has been demoted to administrative duty pending an investigation into the deaths of chan and inspector b. he falsely claims that b shot chan in the head while holding him hostage , and that he killed b in retaliation .
10	however , they all soon realize that mentalla is a mole in the fatal five , and has not truly betrayed the legion .
39	when the heat of fusion is referenced to a unit of mass , it is usually called the specific heat of fusion , while the molar heat of fusion refers to the enthalpy change per amount of substance in mole .
24	the magnitude of the current ( in ampere ) and the duration of the current ( second ) can be used to determine the mole of the unknown species in solution .
71	equation arrhenius ' equation gives the dependence of the rate constant of a chemical reaction on the absolute temperature ( in kelvin ) , where is the pre-exponential factor ( or simply the prefactor ) , is the activation energy , and is the universal gas constant : alternatively , the equation may be expressed as the only difference is the energy units of : the former form uses energy per mole , which is common in chemistry , while the latter form uses energy per molecule directly , which is common in physics .
26	in physics and chemistry , the faraday constant , denoted by the symbol and named after michael faraday , is the magnitude of electric charge per mole of electron .
31	solid state synthesis in the solid state reaction method bismuth oxide ( bi 2 o 3 ) and iron oxide ( fe 2 o 3 ) in a 1 : 1 mole ratio are mixed with a mortar , or by ball milling and then fired at elevated temperatures .
46	the u.s. epa also defined the pool depth as 0.01 m ( i.e. , 1 cm ) so that the surface area of the pool liquid could be calculated as : notes : 1 kpa = 0.0102 kgf / cm ² = 0.01 bar mol = mole atm = atmosphere stiver and mackay 's method the following equations are for predicting the rate at which liquid evaporates from the surface of a pool of liquid which is at or near the ambient temperature .
7	c-mole is an abbreviation for a carbon mole .
2	the word mole , according to gorin , was introduced into chemistry around 1900 by ostwald .
14	chemical potential is measured in units of energy/particle or , equivalently , energy / mole .
9	avogadro constant , a chemical concept relating to the mole , discovered by amedeo avogadro .
23	formed from '' mojado '' ( wet or dripping ) probably referring to the mint leaves in the well known cuba drink ; mole : from spanish , from nahuatl molle or molli ( '' sauce '' ) ; montana : from montaña , a mountain ; mosquito : from mosquito , literally '' little fly '' ; mulatto : from spanish or portuguese mulato meaning '' octoroon , sambo '' .
27	a tiendas de chocolate mill in oaxaca , where customers can have roasted cocoa beans and spices ground for chocolate , or roasted chili pepper ground for mole .
11	the most important example of this connection is the use of mole for special occasions and holidays , particularly in the south and center regions of the country .
31	they are stuffed with a variety of fillings including potatoes and ground beef , apples , pineapple , sweetened rice , or other typical mexican ingredients , such as tinga and mole .
14	usually they are served with patties of dried shrimp , and potatoes in a mole sauce .
9	local specialties here include ningüijute , a seed-based pork mole , chispola , a beef and vegetable stew and pictes , a sweet corn tamale .
9	some examples of the typical food are pozole , mole and barbacoa mass with .
20	it is one of the dishes most commonly served during taquizas ( taco parties ) , together with tinga , mole , chicharrón , and papas con chorizo .
5	green or red salsa or mole is poured over the crisp tortilla triangles , called totopo .
32	on its saints day , the town of otumba lays out a carpet of flower petals on the atrium of the church along with decorative floral portals , dances , barbacoa and mole .
3	professor molo a mole , the secondary antagonist .
1	the mole has a pair of short , spade-like forelimbs for burrowing .
9	the name is derived from the japanese word for mole .
14	biography as a young student , winge was interested in small mammals , particularly mole , shrew and insectivora .
18	a regularly used toilet area or dunghill , created by many mammals , such as the hyrax or mole is also called a midden .
18	fox , opossum , raccoon , and bear eat waste beaver destroy trees gopher , groundhog , and mole destroy lawn feral cat and feral dog eat human food and carry disease white-tailed deer are now seen as pests in many suburb and exurban areas of the us , though not in more rural areas .
21	it eats fish , crab , shrimps , frog , toads , lizards , snakes , and small mammals such as mole , and particularly rodents like mice , voles and rats .
9	the event mascot , ligi ( an anthropomorphic black mole ) , returned after its introduction in 1999 .
33	he fears that this will be his doom , but it turns out that this sound is coming from bells on the lead of a shrew who from this is attached to a mole .
55	use as part of folk taxonomy a common name intrinsically plays a part in a classification of objects , typically an incomplete and informal classification , in which some names are degenerate examples in that they are unique and lack reference to any other name , as is the case with say , buchu , mole , and ratel .
21	system details the initial connection across the bay to san francisco was by ferryboat via a causeway and pier ( '' mole '' ) , extending from the end of yerba buena avenue in oakland , california westward 16,000 feet ( 4,900 m ) to a ferry terminal near yerba buena island .
6	when the ship neared the zeebrugge mole she cast the two ferries aside .
25	the smaller breakwater was built as part of the preparations for the visit of the rms mauretania and is sometimes known as the '' mauretania mole '' .
12	the most historic achievement of these marines was the capture of the mole during the assault on gibraltar ( sailors of the royal navy captured the rock itself ) and the subsequent defense of the fortress alongside the dutch marines in 1704 .
28	the ferries had a shallow draft , allowing them to skim over the mines floating beneath the surface , and were robust enough to approach the heavily defended mole curling into the north sea .
41	metres above the adriatic ( , , ) is the mean sea level datum used in austria and some other central and southeast europe countries to measure elevation referring to the average water level of the adriatic sea at the sartorio mole in trieste .
29	two of three blockships were scuttled in the narrowest part of the bruges canal and one of two submarines rammed the viaduct , which linked the shore and the mole , to isolate the german garrison .
10	the lighthouse established permanent service from 1906 ; after the mole 's foundations had settled a temporary lighting arrangement there was discharged .
10	he first built his own harbor alongside and constructed a mole from which he deployed a floating spiked boom but demetrius never succeeded in taking the harbor .
26	the site the site of alsium is clearly fixed by the distance from porto , at the modern village of palo , with a fort and mole of the 17th century , in the construction of which many ancient materials have been used .