93	among these projects are : support to bandipur tiger reserve , trade & wildlife crimes grassroots ngo support network , support to corbett tiger reserve & adjoining forests , support to sundarbans tiger reserve , wpsi tiger protection awards , award for information that leads to seizure of tiger parts , ` operation kachhapa ' , conservation of the olive ridley turtle , ` corridor to survival ' - landscape conservation plan for elephant management , human-elephant conflict & elephant mortality in north bengal , a film campaign on otter conservation , indian crane and wetland working group and animal - human conflict management .
9	there have been several reports of black stork , crane and flocks of vulnerable marbled teal .
10	it also houses leopard as well as various species of crane , deer , duck , parrot , peafowl and pheasant .
4	rare migratory stork and crane are also seen wintering in the park ( lesser adjutant , greater adjutant , black-necked stork , asian openbill ) .
22	animal life the trail is home to numerous forms of wildlife , among them : bird , such as blue herons , crane , woodpecker , red-tailed hawk , and peregrine falcon .
20	the town is the site of the yuzuru no sato museum , which has an animation of urushiyama 's famous crane story , and an exhibition related to silk production , a major industry in the area until world war ii .
18	systematics and evolution the family rallidae has traditionally been grouped with two families of larger birds , the crane and bustard , as well as several smaller families of usually '' primitive '' mid-sized amphibious birds , to make up the order gruiformes .
9	the ornate bridge railings are decorated with carvings of crane and other animals .
3	up to 10,000 crane stop over on the reservoir and large flocks of larks and finches may be seen passing through .
14	the shallow waters of the inlet are a major stopover for the migratory european crane .
11	among the birds prized for their plumage are the marabout , crane , heron , blacks bird , parrot , jay and hummingbird of extraordinary brilliance , among insect the most numerous and useful is the bee , honey everywhere constituting an important part of the food of the inhabitants .
18	the five original anishinaabe doodem were the wawaazisii ( bullhead ) , baswenaazhi ( echo-maker , i.e. , crane ) , aan ` aawenh ( pintail duck ) , nooke ( tender , i.e. , bear ) and moozoonsii ( little moose ) , then these six miigis beings returned into the ocean as well .
28	species found around the salt flats include flamingo ( phoenicopterus roseus ) ; grey ( ardea cinerea ) and purple heron ( ardea purpurea ) ; stork ; crane ; waders including avocet and oystercatcher ; and overwintering duck .
59	if so , it is interesting to note that the gondwanan sunbittern is most likely the closest living relative of the kagu , and these two may also be reasonably close to the mesites , yet other '' odd gruiforms '' from the southern hemisphere , but do not seem to be close to the gruiformes proper ( i.e. crane , rail and allies .
7	birds in the show includes owl , crane , hornbill , macaw , kookaburra , toucan , vulture , in an open air auditorium .
19	the brolga ( grus rubicunda ) , formerly known as the native companion , is a bird in the crane family .
7	legend says that wiisagejaak ( the '' crane manidoo '' ) used to hunt for food , found '' big beaver '' that lived on the pipestone river and chased '' big beaver '' and its baby beaver to this area .
3	family : gruidae crane are large , long-legged and long-necked birds .
24	the objects included a dozen swords and scabbards , iron spearheads , a shield , ten bronze helmets and an iron bird ( a crane or swan is found on some lemovices items ) , 2 animal heads including a horse , one animal body in connection with the two hind legs , one foreleg , a cauldron , and seven carnyx ( a wind instrument of the iron age celts ) and including an almost complete war trumpet .
15	origin of name the place name cranbrook derives from old english cran broc , meaning crane marsh , marshy ground frequented by cranes ( although more probably herons ) .
26	the men wear blue jeans or slacks and hats , which are usually cowboy or ballcap styles , usually with a single eagle , hawk or crane feather in the hatband .
4	the emblem was a crane , alert and vigilant , holding a pebble to splash itself awake should its alertness falter , however the pebble and ` vigilance ' initially chosen as the motto , have evolved under mrs knight and the board of governors at the time ( 2004-2009 ) to a more self-analytical motto , reflecting the greater achievement of society at large , and appreciating one 's own ideas and successes as much as those as others .
27	tau 1 gruis b , also known as hd 216435 b , is an extrasolar planet approximately 109 light-year away in the constellation of grus ( the crane ) .
18	sandhill grove contained sandy soil , a large oak stand , and during certain seasons large flocks of crane .
14	limpkin , aramus guarauna ( r ) cranes order : gruiformes family : gruidae crane are large , long-legged and long-necked birds .
9	the sanctuary also is habitat for harriers , common crane , black partridge ( local name : ` kalo tetar ' ) , sand grouse , black and grey francolin , spotted and indian sandgrouse , quails , larks , shrikes , coursers and plovers .
89	; avifauna the avifauna recorded in the lake , particularly in the festive season when they gather in the early hours of the morning ( dispersed with human presence ) at the middle of the lake are : grebe ( podiceps ruficollis ) , common merganser -- mergus merganser , large cormorant ( phalacrocorax carbo ) , little cormorant ( phalacrocorax niger ) , common teal ( anascrecca ) , tufted duck ( aythya fuligula ) , white-breasted waterhen ( amaurornis phoenicurus ) , moorhen ( gallimlachorophy ) and crane brown amaurornisbi color .
4	flora and fauna the crane has resettled in the area and now breeds here .
39	today , however , it is often described as a composite of many birds including the head of a golden pheasant , the body of a mandarin duck , the tail of a peacock , the legs of a crane , the mouth of a parrot , and the wings of a swallow .
9	tibet hosts species of wolf , wild donkey , crane , vulture , hawk , geese , snake , and buffalo .
5	gameplay the player controls a crane at the top of the valley that moves picks up crate when the button is pressed .
3	iran uses a crane to jerk the noose upward violently .
1	a crane is still provided on this platform .
5	nosturi ( finnish for '' crane '' ) is a culture and music hall and a nightclub in the punavuori district of helsinki , finland .
19	it was at beardmores that james spotted young engineering manager ian macgregor who broke a strike by driving a crane himself for two weeks .
3	cranes ( how crane work ) 8 .
49	in prefabricated construction , only the foundations are constructed in this way , while sections of wall , floors and roof are prefabricated ( assembled ) in a factory ( possibly with window and door frames included ) , transported to the site , lifted into place by a crane and bolted together .
17	her parents were erma ( née haines ) and cassius edwin fiste , who was the city crane operator .
48	the items include : a cake when eaten doubles the size of their name tag ; a '' pumpkin bicycle '' that can be used for ten minutes ; red high heels that are used for ten minutes ; jack and the beanstalk which lets them ride a crane ; a fight with the queen where they play muk-chi-ba with members of gag tonight , if they lose , they must where a mitten , and if they win , all the other members name tags become giant and their name tag is shrunk ; '' genie 's lamp '' which will summon a '' genie '' to help the member for an hour ; when they catch the rabbit , their name tag is returned to normal .
17	examples of parodies include pictures of lee holding an electric saw before the chinese , driving a crane towards li , and lee in goku 's costume in his super saiyan form .
22	his father 's business under his leadership became the oldest family owned construction equipment distributor in the united states and the largest crane dealer in the southeast .
6	on 20 june 2007 , a crane toppled whilst carrying out works on the bridge , and precariously hung for a number of hours off the side of the barriers .
16	scenic elements there were several scenic elements commonly used in greek theater : mechane , a crane that gave the impression of a flying actor ( thus , deus ex machina ) .
6	economy rzhev produces most of the crane used in constructing apartment buildings and shopping malls in moscow .
10	a more obvious external change was the fitting of large crane - like davit , each capable of holding six lifeboats .
13	when she was modernized in the 1930s , a catapult and a collapsible crane were fitted on the stern , and both ships were equipped to operate three floatplane , although no hangar was provided .
13	m113 fitter - armored recovery vehicle with hiab ( hydrauliska industri ab ) crane on hull roof .
16	a catapult was fitted between the mainmast and no. 3 turret in mid-1933 , a collapsible crane was installed in a portside sponson , and the ships were equipped to operate two or three floatplanes , although no hangar was provided .
25	gary had to invent equipment to build and move the huge sculptures , creating the scaffolding , hoist , and even special vehicles that featured crane to haul the sculptures around at his rural workshop and to place them onto trucks for transportation .
12	the two derricks that serviced the hangar were replaced by a single crane on the starboard side of the hangar roof .
7	but a when the worker exits the crane , bugs calls him from the building under construction ( '' yoo hoo !
8	abus kransysteme gmbh is a german hoist and crane manufacturer headquartered in gummersbach .
34	the industrial site became disused in the late 1990s and turned into a new high-end area , though some of the original buildings and artifacts have been kept , including a canal and a crane .
18	in addition to the two main loads , the little david unit would also include a bulldozer and crane with bucket to dig the emplacement for the mortar 's base .
11	counterweights are often used in traction lifts ( elevators ) , crane and funfair rides .
15	a gib or gib-arm is the horizontal or near-horizontal beam used in many types of crane to support the load clear of the main support .
25	david blaine stands on a pole for vertigo in the middle of bryant park in new york vertigo on may 22 , 2002 , a crane lifted blaine onto a 100-foot ( 30 m ) high and 22-inch ( 0.56 m ) wide pillar in bryant park , new york city .
31	the size of the entrances to the stadium ( designed to accommodate the movement of people rather than stage equipment ) meant that the stage had to be lifted in by crane before being constructed .
11	after eteläsatama was put solely to passenger traffic , the harbor crane and the track were dismantled in 1972 .
13	in horizontal vertical and transport great progress resulted from the invention of the crane , the winch , the wheelbarrow and the odometer .