32	they are often more bulky than slalom/polo vests , but are usually cut short at the front to allow the paddler to lean further forward despite the thicker foam and allow good trunk rotation for quick turns .
6	many cars have lights in the trunk ( or boot ) , the engine compartment , and the glovebox and other storage compartments .
8	) feathers sprouting from the top of the trunk at odd angles .
18	this major re-design saw the addition of an external decklid ( previous models only allowed access to the trunk through the rear seat back ) and vent windows .
6	development section of a developing vertebrate trunk showing the dorsolateral ( red ) and ventromedial ( blue ) routes of chromatoblast migration during vertebrate embryonic development , chromatophores are one of a number of cell types generated in the neural crest , a paired strip of cells arising at the margins of the neural tube .
1	its trunk is short and quickly divides up into ramification .
7	oak finds police issue guns in the trunk of one man 's car , including one that belonged to calvess , and he beats both men until tellis tells him to get csi tools from the car .
1	its trunk is bottle-shaped , generally bulging in its lower third , measuring up to in girth .
37	the leaf bases of some pinnate leaved palms ( most notable being roystonea regia or the royal palm but also including the families areca , wodyetia and pinanga ) form a sheath at the top of the trunk surrounding the bud where all the subsequent leaves are formed .
7	līc : ' body ' , ' trunk ' .
18	diameter at breast height , or dbh , is a standard method of expressing the diameter of the trunk or bole of a standing tree .
16	it grows to heights of up to 25 metres some species 40 m. and have stout trunk up to 1 metre in diameter .
39	the type and only known specimen is an articulated , but very incomplete individual , deformed and elongated , consisting of a large , incomplete , tubercle-covered head , a long , beak-like rostrum , and some of the trunk , with a total length of 18 centimeters .
15	the species has a habit of a low growing somewhat pendulant shrub with a thickened trunk and a densely branch crown composed of numerous branches .
11	the dance itself consists of quick rhythmic moves especially with the trunk or upper body .
10	the plant uniquely grows hanging upside down off a larger trunk or branch of a larger tree , often in rather cool and dry forest environments at of elevation .
2	inside the trunk and root of the plant is a soapy substance high in saponin .
37	the other changes were minor ( e.g. a slight modification to the extruded aluminum grille , a front sway bar made standard on six-cylinder models , and an optional black vinyl roof cover that continued over the trunk opening ) .
9	epicormic buds under the often thick bark of the trunk and branch are ready to sprout new stem and leaves after a fire .
15	scoring the scale comprises three categories : five general facets four lower extremity facets seven trunk , head and upper extremity facets each item has a score range from 0 ( good function ) to 3 ( poor function ) .
8	surface projections of the major organs of the trunk , using the vertebral column and rib cage as main reference points of superficial anatomy .
14	the stem has distinctive horizontal marks , or scar , which often encircle the trunk .
49	common ash ( fraxinus excelsior ) , a deciduous broad-leaved ( angiosperm ) tree european larch ( larix decidua ) , a conifer tree which is also deciduous lepidodendron , an extinct lycophyte tree in botany , a tree is a perennial plant with an elongated stem , or trunk , supporting branches and leaves in most species .
21	a branch collar is the attached structure in woody plant that connects a branch to its parent branch or to the trunk .
13	description the trees typically reach 40 meters in height and 1.8 meters in trunk diameter .
18	description t. collina is a small to medium tree , up to in height and up to in trunk diameter .
13	the teddy-bear cholla is an erect plant , standing tall with a distinct trunk .
1	the trunk is straight and cylindrical with fissures and flaking bark .
29	dunnigan-type familial partial lipodystrophy , abbreviated as ( fpld ) , is a rare monogenic form of insulin resistance characterized by loss of subcutaneous fat from the extremities , trunk , and gluteal region .
3	instead of a trunk at the back of the car , the terranaut features an air lock drawer , which allows easy and safe access to clinical samples placed in the air lock drawer by someone on the outside by a lab analyst still inside the car .
9	the flower are produced in clusters directly on the trunk and older branches ; this is known as cauliflory .
8	after his arrest , police discovered in the trunk of kraft 's vehicle a coded list depicting cryptic references to his victims , leading kraft to becoming known as the scorecard killer in addition to the freeway killer .
14	it is commonly found in the form of a rounded outgrowth on a tree trunk or branch that is filled with small knots from dormant buds .
37	description coconut flowers plant cocos nucifera is a large palm , growing up to tall , with pinnate leaves long , and pinnae 60 -- 90 cm long ; old leaves break away cleanly , leaving the trunk smooth .
8	the branch droop from a single , central trunk as the tree matures and is often pruned in human agriculture to optimize tree density and ease of fruit harvest .
8	the scientists discovered a large cavity in the trunk of the tree , measuring in height by in diameter .
23	fructification ( ) are the generative parts of the plant ( flower and fruit ) ( as opposed to its vegetative parts : trunk , root and leaves ) .
31	this concept vehicle was a multi-purpose vehicle ( mpv ) with rear-hinged-doors , that addressed the needs of families , with a roomy cabin in a compact package and a large trunk .
21	its leaves are different from the leaves of true palms , and unlike true palms it does not develop a woody trunk .
18	the same architecture is applied at the rear , with a deep bumper , a clamshell - shaped trunk lid that envelops over the flanks , dual exhaust pipes and tail lamps .
9	the anterior rami supply the antero-lateral parts of the trunk and the limbs .
50	process a complete restoration includes not only repair of the parts that can be seen -- the body , trim , chrome , wheels , and the passenger compartment -- but also the components that are not necessarily visible or otherwise evident , including the engine and engine compartment , trunk , frame , driveline , and all ancillary parts like the brakes , accessories , engine cooling system , electrical system , etc. repairs are made to correct obvious problems , as well as for cosmetic reasons .