12	each immortal flew from his mountain home on the back of a crane .
7	legend says that wiisagejaak ( the '' crane manidoo '' ) used to hunt for food , found '' big beaver '' that lived on the pipestone river and chased '' big beaver '' and its baby beaver to this area .
14	unlike prokinesis , which is widespread in birds , rhynchokinesis is only known in crane , shorebird , swift and hummingbird .
23	there is a tiled goldfish pond against one wall of the living room , and a plaque above it with and image of crane .
8	he is a star god accompanied by a crane and a turtle , which are considered to be symbols of longevity , and also sometimes accompanied by a black deer .
21	a white-tailed tropicbird or longtail fossil remains of a variety of species have been found on the island , including a crane , an owl and the short-tailed albatross .
16	carden first appearance : '' blind leading the blind '' voice actor : gregory cooper a crane monster with no rinshi form .
9	he is depicted as a crow or a black crane .
10	most commonly , they are placed in the gruiformes ( crane , rail and allies ) , but this has been disputed in more recent times .
26	between 1949 and 1981 , wcs supported various activities in canada , including arctic expeditions to bylot island and research on seals , merlin , whooping crane , polar bears , and bowhead whales .
9	rock density monolith with bull , fox , and crane in low relief , gobekli tepe the discussion above is accurate as far as it goes , which is only to the first significant figure .
3	paper cranes the crane , a traditional symbol of luck in japan , was popularized as a peace symbol by the story of sadako sasaki ( 1943 -- 1955 ) , a girl who died as a result of the atomic bomb exploded over hiroshima in 1945 .
12	the safari reserves end with the large lake of pink flamingoes , crane , stork , ibises , and peacock .
22	animal life the trail is home to numerous forms of wildlife , among them : bird , such as blue herons , crane , woodpecker , red-tailed hawk , and peregrine falcon .
89	; avifauna the avifauna recorded in the lake , particularly in the festive season when they gather in the early hours of the morning ( dispersed with human presence ) at the middle of the lake are : grebe ( podiceps ruficollis ) , common merganser -- mergus merganser , large cormorant ( phalacrocorax carbo ) , little cormorant ( phalacrocorax niger ) , common teal ( anascrecca ) , tufted duck ( aythya fuligula ) , white-breasted waterhen ( amaurornis phoenicurus ) , moorhen ( gallimlachorophy ) and crane brown amaurornisbi color .
18	1 japanese voice actor : yasunori matsumoto english voice actor : kirk thornton kabuki actor-faced shinma with a crane wing on each of his lower back legs .
10	the genus name is derived from greek geranos , '' crane '' , a reference to the bird-like hind-limb .
13	dedicated to the study and conservation of the world 's 15 species of crane , the organization engages in conservation research , public education , and international conservation efforts .
0	crane provide a well-known example .
14	this is characteristic of herons and bittern , and distinguishes them from stork , crane , and spoonbill , which extend their necks .
0	crane : gruidae indet .
7	the airline 's logo was a stylised crane , designed by professor otto firle .
93	among these projects are : support to bandipur tiger reserve , trade & wildlife crimes grassroots ngo support network , support to corbett tiger reserve & adjoining forests , support to sundarbans tiger reserve , wpsi tiger protection awards , award for information that leads to seizure of tiger parts , ` operation kachhapa ' , conservation of the olive ridley turtle , ` corridor to survival ' - landscape conservation plan for elephant management , human-elephant conflict & elephant mortality in north bengal , a film campaign on otter conservation , indian crane and wetland working group and animal - human conflict management .
4	he makes an origami crane every time he kills someone , a trait which was influenced by woo 's daughter when he saw her making them .
5	ceramic originals by freeman-leidy , crane figurine .
14	the shallow waters of the inlet are a major stopover for the migratory european crane .
20	pygmies , a tribe of one and a half foot tall african men who rode goats into battle against migrating crane acephali ( greek akephalos , plural akephaloi , from a - , '' without '' , and kephalé , '' head '' ) are human without head , with their mouths and eyes being in their breasts .
3	auk cock cormorant crane dove duck without beak or legs is called the merlette eagle , usually displayed , i.e. with wings spread alerion : eagle without beak or feet double-headed eagle falcon goose gull or seagull hawk heron magpie : otton de cazeneuve bore '' or , three magpies sable '' at falkirk .
8	among the animals , the gibbon and the crane were considered experts at inhaling the qi .
10	fionn arrived at tara , armed with his father 's crane - skin bag of magical weapons .
10	the site of a large shipyard will contain many specialised crane , dry dock , slipway , dust-free warehouses , painting facilities and extremely large areas for fabrication of the ships .
23	nck later was sold to robert maxwell 's media group as part of a wider deal , but maxwell was not interested in crane and nck became inactive .
7	rcs applications robocrane - rcs controlled a crane having six degrees of freedom .
119	types of operators ; broadcasting : technical operator , transmission controller or broadcast operator : network operations center ( noc ) operator master control ( mcr ) operator production control room ( pcr ) operator transmission control room ( tcr ) operator video tape operator ( vto ) certified television operator ( cto ) by society of broadcast engineers ( sbe ) certified radio operator ( cro ) operator - by ( sbe ) studio technical operator ( gallery operator ) : vision mixer operator - technical director ( td ) sound and comms ( talkback ) studio operator kc-135 boom operator camera operator jib ( camera ) operator boom operator dolly grip operator ; other : computer operator crane operator radio operator satellite controller switchboard operator winch operator nuclear power plant operator gallery image : hg winch operator .
29	en 1993-3-2 : towers , masts and chimneys -- chimney en 1993-4-1 : silo en 1993-4-2 : tanks en 1993-4-3 : pipelines en 1993-5 : piling en 1993-6 : crane supporting structures eurocode 3 applies to the design of buildings and civil engineering works in steel .
18	in addition to the two main loads , the little david unit would also include a bulldozer and crane with bucket to dig the emplacement for the mortar 's base .
10	a distinctive trait of the gemini center towers are two crane located on the buildings ' top , which are used for cleaning the glass panes that cover most of the towers ' external surface .
13	low-altitude drop tests may be conducted by releasing the test vehicle from a crane or gantry .
5	gameplay the player controls a crane at the top of the valley that moves picks up crate when the button is pressed .
26	in 1934 the platforms were removed from the turrets and a catapult was installed on the roof of ` x ' turret , along with a crane to recover a seaplane .
31	the most familiar modern type of portable buildings are designed so that one can be carried to or from site on a large lorry and slung on and off by a crane .
2	a new crane would also have been necessary to handle the heavier aircraft as well .
66	in prison , his life was spared at the insistence of roman karmen , the soviet propagandist who directed all the main sequences illustrating the battle , from the viet minh raising the red flag over general de castries 's bunker staged a few weeks after the siege , to the french union pow column marching from dien bien phu to the re-education camp ( a crane was used for the shooting ) , that are featured in вьетнам ( '' vietnam '' , 1955 ) .
12	during her modernization in the 1930s , a catapult and a collapsible crane were fitted on the stern , and the ship was equipped to operate three floatplane , although no hangar was provided .
9	it was assembled from seven pieces with the largest crane available in ireland .
14	buffalo ) : the bpz3 armoured recovery vehicle includes both a bulldozer and a crane with integral winch , allowing it to approach damaged vehicles , even over rough and fought-over terrain , and tow them to safety .
16	scenic elements there were several scenic elements commonly used in greek theater : mechane , a crane that gave the impression of a flying actor ( thus , deus ex machina ) .
22	in 1932 the platforms were removed from the turrets and a trainable catapult was installed on her quarterdeck , along with a crane to recover a seaplane .
4	march 15 a construction crane falls on a residential building in manhattan , killing four people and injuring at least 17 .
4	some lumber/timber yards use crane to move logs , and sprinklers to keep the logs moist .
12	it may have quay , wharf , jetties , or slipway with crane or ramps .
14	in 1965 , robert dunfield leased the island and , using a 70-ton digging crane with a clam bucket , dug out the pit area to a depth of and width of .
11	many of the latter type of arv had an a-frame or crane to allow the vehicle 's crew to perform heavy lifting tasks , such as removing the engine from a disabled tank .
13	the ship operated mitsubishi f1m biplane and aichi e13a1 monoplanes and used a crane mounted on her stern to recover them from the water .
27	the following sections were repealed and superseded by the lifting operations and lifting equipment regulations 1998 on 5 december 1998 : hoists and lifts - general ; crane and other lifting machines ; and chain , rope and lifting tackle .
12	most , if not all , previous designs for military bridges required crane to lift the pre-assembled bridge and lower it into place .
17	his business became the oldest family owned construction equipment distributor in the united states and the largest crane dealer in the southeast .
18	if this occurs then the player 's vehicle is hoisted back onto the track ( by a nearby crane ) which costs valuable time .
5	william armstrong 's first hydraulic crane is erected at newcastle upon tyne in england .
10	the tornadoes killed two people who were caught on construction crane when the tornado hit .