16	assistant secretary to the horticultural society since 1822 , in 1829 lindley was appointed to the chair of botany at university college , london , which he retained until 1860 .
25	after some research positions at the university of tartu , he was elected , in 2002 , aged 28 , to a full professorship and chair in public management and european studies at tallinn university of technology 's ragnar nurkse school of innovation and governance ( as it is now called ) , which since 2004 , he heads .
19	in 2003 , he was appointed to the board of trustees of the ontario science centre and then named chair in 2006 .
2	she was chair of the wimbledon conservative association for a year from 2002 .
11	dr. richard mark soley ( baltimore , maryland ) is the chair and ceo of object management group , inc . ( omg ) ; as such , the vision and direction of the consortium are his responsibility .
3	he was the chair of the norwegian publishers association from 1972 to 1975 .
33	ordained to the congregational ministry in 1883 , he was a pastor at newark , n. j . , in 1883-85 , and thereafter was president of bowdoin college , also holding the chair of mental and moral philosophy .
4	he was also the chair of ullevål university hospital from 1996 to 2000 .
6	in 1866 he was offered the chair of geology and paleontology in the school of mines , columbia college ( now columbia university ) , which he accepted and held for 24 years .
4	gayle also served as chair of the obama administration 's presidential advisory council on hiv/aids .
16	2013 legislative session rep. tyler was appointed by speaker of the house mark ferrandino as the chair of the house transportation and energy committee for the 2013 legislative session .
12	the conference is led by a president , who also serves as chair of the conference board .
28	he was a member of the board of the national gallery of norway from 1892 to 1905 and den norske husflidsforening from 1897 to his death , and chair of the national gallery from 1905 to 1907 .
4	in 1907 he became chair of the chemistry department at the university of illinois at urbana-champaign , a position he would hold until 1926 .
8	'' in an open letter to castro , chair of the congressional black caucus representative maxine waters of california later explained that many members of the caucus ( including herself ) were against shakur 's extradition but had mistakenly voted for the bill , which was placed on the accelerated suspension calendar , generally reserved for non-controversial legislation .
7	he has been a board member and chair of the local branches of the norwegian state food authority and the norwegian association of local and regional authorities .
1	his chair of chronology was created by mad king george iii who was terrified that if time were to start flowing backwards , all the bad experiences of his life might recur .
4	he also served as chair of akvaforsk , and later as a member of the board of the southern norway regional health authority and of blefjell hospital trust .
24	when no second is made after a motion is proposed , if the motion requires a second and none is immediately offered , the chair of the body will usually ask , '' is there a second ?
7	from 1973 to 1977 he was the chair of the norwegian agency for development cooperation .
8	its secretary-general is olaf godli , and the chair is ole-anton teigen .
7	in 1873 he was appointed to the chair of geography at the polytechnic institute , munich .
7	claiborne was the first woman to become chair and ceo of a fortune 500 company .
13	he has often assisted the canadian disabled community , including serving as honorary chair of the and chairman emeritus of the .
5	early political career she was chair of the san mateo democratic party between 1978 and 1982 .
18	in 1878 , he became a professor of botany and the fisher professor of natural science , a chair formerly held by asa gray .
1	the chair of the house elections committee , representative diane rosenbaum , dismissed such concerns .
5	former president of indonesia and chair of the ( pdip ) , megawati sukarnoputri , issued a statement expressing condolences after the accident .
6	in 2009 , ursula philpot , chair of the british dietetic association and senior lecturer at leeds metropolitan university , described people with orthorexia nervosa to the guardian as being '' solely concerned with the quality of the food they put in their bodies , refining and restricting their diets according to their personal understanding of which foods are truly ` pure ' .
5	he also served as the chair of the british columbia political science articulation committee .
9	the hon company designs and manufactures office furniture including chair , filing cabinet , workstations , tables , desk and education furniture .
5	the caquetoire , or conversation chair , was an armchair style implemented during the european renaissance .
5	armrests are also found on chair in general .
31	in 1986 , he became professor at the physics department and optical sciences center of the university of arizona in tucson , az , and in 1989 , he accepted a chair there .
1	this chair was revolutionary in the use of the materials ( bent tubular steel and canvas ) and methods of manufacturing .
11	a stretcher is a horizontal support element of a table , chair or other item of furniture ; this structure is normally made of exposed wood and ties vertical elements of the piece together .
16	one tribe , dom , is expert in manufacturing bamboo items like box , sofas , chair , basket and racks .
4	the secretary general is chair of the council of regional organisations in the pacific ( crop ) .
29	it is composed of different sections : clinic medical forensic pathology psychiatry and psychology forensic medicine labor criminal objectives deposit criminal museum canine unit account in addition to the chair in medicine of university of costa rica as a teacher .
24	equipment rehab equipment includes but is not limited to : a canopy misting fan for cooling cooler with water and other beverages medical monitor chair food overview firefighter rehab is designed to ensure that the physical and mental well-being of members operating at the scene of an emergency ( or a training exercise ) do n't deteriorate to the point where it affects the safety of any other members .
3	uses chairs upholstered chair first began to become common in the 17th century , in the later period of the age of oak .
16	appliquéd slips of both old fabric and new canvaswork are characteristic of domestic textile such as chair covers , cushion , and especially wall hangings and bed curtain throughout the elizabethan and jacobean era .
2	sometimes , chair or benchlike seats are used as well , and occasionally mounts can be shaped like airplanes or cars .
9	typically in a sidewalk cafe there are table and chair ( and sometimes bench ) for dining and relaxing .
8	treen is distinct from furniture , such as chair , and cabinetry , as well as clock and cupboard .
2	jpg thonet chair wien museum karlplatz file : thonet-exhibition 58 .
4	a similar form of chair in domestic furniture is called '' prie-dieu '' by analogy .
8	during the late 17th century he won the chair of mathematics and astronomy at the university of mexico .
18	garden furniture garden furniture may range from a patio set consisting of a table , four or six chair and a parasol , through benches , swings , various lighting , to stunning artifacts in brutal concrete or weathered oak .
8	history in 1872 albert stoll i established a chair factory in koblenz which focused on the production of bentwood chairs for cafés , hotels and stores .
3	note that the chair , curtain and wall are predominantly green , from which the room takes its name .
8	the fibers are also woven into curtain , chair coverings , carpet , area rugs , hessian cloth , and backing for linoleum .
13	a typical western living room may contain furnishings such as a sofa , chair , occasional table , and bookshelves , electric lamp , rugs , or other furniture .
23	the range of van ' t hoff 's design work also broadened around this time : he published designs for banister posts and chair , and in 1918 designed a houseboat , which he christened de stijl and in which he and his wife lived shortly after their marriage in july .
5	in 1893 he gained a chair in modern history at trinity college , which he held for nine years .
34	a la-z-boy swivelling , rocking , recliner la-z-boy , inc. is a furniture manufacturer based in monroe , michigan , us , which makes home furniture , including upholstered recliner , sofas , stationary chair , and sleeper sofas .
6	there was a large tannery , chair factory , 10 sawmill , a starch factory , a gristmill , a sash , blind and door factory , and 2 boot and shoe factories .
21	the village of munsonville , situated on the stage line at the outlet of granite lake , manufactured cotton cloth and chair .
14	hence , if procuring independently , each government agency will pay $ 100 per chair .
7	in 1964 , he was appointed the chair of the central asian seminar at bonn university .