27	a string of failed missions from berlin to the bay of pigs invasion forces jack to conclude that the cia has been severely penetrated by a kgb mole .
15	the second season featured a team of 14 players , one of whom was the mole .
12	an east german , constantine vishnevsky , has offered information regarding a mole within mi6 , in exchange for safe passage for himself and his family to the west .
22	he is killed in the episode '' last man standing '' by agent michelle lee , and initially suspected of being a mole .
19	penetration by the kgb these successes were marred , however , by the penetration of asio by a kgb mole in the 1970s .
19	after the war he provided intelligence to the british , but they released him suspecting he was a soviet mole .
5	ars technica claimed via a mole , that the unit would be a '' keytar '' , and that the game would include pro mode .
17	after the opening of stasi archives , it was revealed that west germany was riddled with mfs-hva mole .
11	a shooting spree ensues and the gang realizes rod is a mole , forcing him to drive away at gunpoint .
43	the first episode of the third series of bbc 's sherlock , '' the empty hearse '' , features a '' giant rat of sumatra road '' , the codename for a villainous politician , lord moran , who is acting as a mole for north korea and plans on detonating a bomb at an abandoned london underground station called sumatra road .
46	for instance , the volume of a single-solute solution can be written as where v 0 is the extensive volume of the pure solvent and its molar volume ( at the same temperature and pressure as the solution ) , n 0 is the number of mole of solvent , is the apparent molar volume of the solute , and n 1 is the number of moles of the solute in the solution .
3	generally a 2-10 mole % of this catalyst is used along with borane-tetrahydrofuran ( thf ) , borane-dimethylsulfide , borane - -diethylaniline , or diborane as the borane source .
23	one of the most significant deep eutectic phenomenon was observed for a mixture of choline chloride and urea in a 1 : 2 mole ratio , respectively .
13	the metre , kilogram , second , ampere , kelvin , candela and mole were defined as base units in this system and units formed from combinations of these base units were known as '' derived units '' .
7	c-mole is an abbreviation for a carbon mole .
38	specific heat specific heat , also called specific heat capacity , is defined as the amount of energy that has to be transferred to or from one unit of mass ( kilogram ) or amount of substance ( mole ) to change the system temperature by one degree .
19	molar volume taking stp to be 101.325 kpa and 273.15 k , we can find the volume of one mole of a gas : for 100.00 kpa and 273.15 k , the molar volume of an ideal gas is 22.712 dm 3 mol − 1 .
2	one zepto mole ( zmol ) of substance contains 602 particles .
16	moving wire irms is quite sensitive , and samples containing as little as 1 nano - mole of carbon can yield precise ( within 1 ‰ ) results .
30	the si base units and their physical quantities are : metre for length kilogram for mass second for time ampere for electric current kelvin for temperature candela for luminous intensity mole for the amount of substance .
16	the most common fillings are pork and chicken , in either red or green salsa or mole .
32	on its saints day , the town of otumba lays out a carpet of flower petals on the atrium of the church along with decorative floral portals , dances , barbacoa and mole .
64	neighborhood celebrations are held in cuernavaca , mostly for patron saints , they include 15 may , the feast of san isidro labrador ; 13 june , the feast of san antonio in the neighborhood of san antón , with aztec dances ; 6 august , the feast of the savior or the transfiguration in ocotepec , featuring the moors and christians dance , mole , and pulque ; 10 august the feast of san lorenzo in chamilpa ; 15 august , the festival of the assumption of mary in santa maría ahuacatilán ; and 8 september , festival of nuestra señora de los milagros in tlaltenango .
7	food such as cake , chicken with mole , hot chocolate , coffee , and atole are served .
19	they bring 12 turkeys , pan de yema , chocolate , clayudas , and ingredients to make the traditional mole dish as offerings .
32	some items typical of latin american cuisine include maize - based dishes ( tortilla , tamale , pupusa ) and various salsas and other condiments ( guacamole , pico de gallo , mole ) .
19	the ground cocoa is also an important ingredient in tejate and a number of savory foods , such as mole .
3	food and drink mole is a typical dish from the area of oaxaca and puebla .
4	as an ingredient in mole dishes , they are known in spanish as pipián .
23	food and festivals dishes of the area include mixiote , tlacoyo with fava beans , pinto beans and requeson , cecina , green mole with chicken or pork , and pork in chile mulato but a very local specialty is tamal with capulin ( a type of cherry ) and corn .
13	ratzi investigates another of the suicides , that of professor tope ( a mole ) , pioneer of automaton engineering .
31	to make puddle , clay or heavy loam is chopped with a spade and mixed into a plastic state with water and sometimes coarse sand or grit to discourage excavation by mole or water vole .
9	he listed several species of the family talpidae ( mole and related species ) from vieux collonges , including '' espèce c '' ( '' species c '' ) , which he named as a new genus and species , veratalpa lugdunensiana , in a footnote .
14	zizrar ( voiced by scott mcneil ) - zizrar is the king of the mole people who lives underground and often attempts to take over the world only to fail due to his intense aversion to light .
11	don resetti ( ラケットさん raketto-san ) - don resetti is a mole who works at the reset intervention bureau ( which was later renamed the resetti surveillance center ) and is the younger brother of mr. resetti .
6	gameplay the player controls the titular mole who has to travel around a coal mine collecting pieces of coal and other miscellaneous objects while avoiding various nasties and the infamous crushers .
5	eileen roberts , a female mole who works at a local coffee shop , previously alongside margaret smith , has strong feelings for rigby and makes this very obvious .
9	colored dyes were created from plants containing tannin , mole , or walnut ; and minerals , such as clay , ferruginosa , or mordant aluminum ; as well as animals , such as cochineal .
15	nemo can ride certain animals such as a frog , a gorilla , or a mole , by feeding them candy .
86	examples include emlék ( '' a ( piece of ) memory '' ) , farok ( '' tail '' ) , köldök ( '' navel '' ) , könyök ( '' elbow '' ) , sarok ( '' corner '' / '' heel '' ) , pocok ( '' vole '' ) , püspök ( '' bishop '' ) , érsek ( '' archbishop '' ) , szemöldök ( '' eyebrow '' ) , zsák ( '' sack '' ) etc. -- the name of the mole used to be vakondok but this form took on a plural meaning and the word is mostly used today as vakond .
10	he first built his own harbor alongside and constructed a mole from which he deployed a floating spiked boom but demetrius never succeeded in taking the harbor .
14	the place was defended by two batteries mounting three heavy guns each on the mole , a tower with one gun and a battery with two guns .
41	the inner harbor was begun in 1518 by khair-ad-din barbarossa ( see history , below ) , who , to accommodated his pirate vessels , caused the island on which was fort penon to be connected with the mainland by a mole .
18	this area , called the '' rock creek basin '' by the canal company , which included a mole , causeway , and waste weir was completed in 1831 .
9	on 1 march 1917 an fl-boat hit the nieuwpoort mole and on 28 october 1917 one hit the royal navy monitor erebus .
18	dundas took naiad in and anchored at 1330 that afternoon , while the belleisle was warped into the mole .
7	when the russians occupied trabzon , a mole was built .
6	motya falls beginning of the motya mole connecting the city to the mainland .
8	stone from kjerringberget was used to build a mole in korsvika .
9	he besieged the port of bononia , building a mole across the harbor mouth to prevent the rebels from escaping by sea and ensure they could not receive maritime aid , and invaded batavia in the rhine delta , securing his rear against carausius 's frankish allies .