13	ibadan is also home to the legendary shooting stars fc a professional football club .
15	the song peaked at # 4 in the uk singles chart , and became a club favorite .
19	musical career supafly is best known for 2005 's '' let 's get down '' - which was a club hit around the world and used by the australia television network fox8 as their summer theme song ; and for '' moving too fast '' in late 2006 , which sampled from the phil collins ' hit '' another day in paradise '' .
6	new brighton a.f.c. is a soccer club in christchurch , new zealand .
36	like nearly all delerium singles to date since '' silence '' , the single release put greater emphasis on a number of trance remix commissioned by nettwerk music group in order to promote the song through club play .
8	in the meantime , two men armed with club and net wait in the foyer to ensnare him , as three more men also watch from over the balcony .
35	'' during the rolling stone interview , he spoke about if the first two singles were representative of the direction of the album , saying : '' i feel like it 's representative of the club side of the album but i 'm really trying to give people all sides of me .
16	description tales depict the dagda as a figure of immense power , armed with a magic club and associated with a cauldron .
15	a notable project for grey prior to joining inner city was the chicago house 12-inch club hit '' do n't make me jack ( tonite i wanna house you ) '' on housetime records .
11	he moved to the us for a solo career on the club circuit , encouraged by the likes of wilson pickett and sam & dave , playing las vegas with the righteous brothers .
2	when a club ( such as band , theatre , or any sport ) from a junior high enters a competition , it is placed with other schools in that same ranking .
17	thornhill joined the prodigy along with keith flint after they met liam howlett at a local rave club .
10	in essence , it is a short stave or wooden club thrown as a projectile to hunt small game such as rabbits or waterfowl .
13	in the netherlands , eye-d and dj hidden are frequent guests at underground club nights prspct and smackdown .
8	esporte clube são martinho , is an amateur club of football , founded in 1939 , based in tatuí city , são paulo .
17	an addition expansion was in 1896 , and the house reconstructed in 1933 for use as a club , at which time the property was converted to a 9-hole golf course .
37	these early april 1912 general elections were known infamously as the '' election of clubs '' ( ) after the beating of opposition ( freedom and accord ) candidates for the chamber of deputies with weapons like club and sticks as well being marred by electoral fraud and violence in favor of the cup .
6	his weapon of choice is a club but he is dangerous with every weapon .
21	as weapons , the zulu warrior carried the iklwa stabbing spear ( losing one could result in execution ) and a club or cudgel fashioned from dense hardwood known in zulu as the iwisa , usually called the knobkerrie in english , for beating an enemy in the manner of a mace .
6	although several of his tracks were club hits , he had limited chart success .
8	at cambridge jordan had formed a '' nationalist club '' , from which he was invited to join the short-lived british peoples party , a group of former british union of fascists members led by lord tavistock , heir to the duke of bedford .
7	bk děčín is a czech professional basketball club based in the city of děčín .
22	'' the src is responsible for a number of services offered to students and provides a variety of both academic and non-academic club through which students may become directly involved in bishop 's life .
12	student life clubs and organizations westminster students can pick from over 70 club and organizations to become involved in on campus .
43	the subsequent singles '' in your eyes '' , '' love at first sight '' and '' come into my world '' were successful throughout the world , and minogue established a presence in the mainstream north american market , particularly in the club scene .
12	glassshrimp is a london based collective which publishes a magazine ; promotes club nights and presents a weekly radio show on resonance 104.4fm ( london ) which all feature independent musician , artist , writer and performer .
8	after a four year stint on philadelphia 's club circuit , they recruited a new lead vocalist , george williams in 1960 , and changed their name to the tymes .
16	'' some of the songs are concerned with a sense of paranoia and alienation in british club culture .
15	typical amenities offered can include one or more swimming pool tennis court community centre or club golf course marina on-site dining playground exercise rooms including workout machines spa around the world ` protective ' spikes in ` security-zone ' communities trinity west , one of the few gated subdivisions in trinity , florida , u.s. in brazil , the most widespread form of gated community is called '' condomínio fechado '' ( closed housing estate ) and is the object of desire of the upper classes .
11	a banquet photo is a photograph typically in a hotel or club banquet room from a high angle where foreground to background each person is in focus while seated at their table .
17	they have also found in the dwellings well-preserved tools such as iron axe and sickle , wooden club , pottery urn and jars of preserved crops .
4	she danced in small club along hollywood 's sunset strip , introducing herself to performers , managers , and agents .
20	in 1994 , his single '' eighteen strings '' also written as '' 18 strings '' , became an international club hit .
12	the street contains numerous cafés , restaurants , shops , cinemas , club and hotel .
12	originally , raw stylus released white label vinyl records into the london club scene in the early 1990s .
11	eventually , he started making real music and began playing at club .
32	the two have collaborated since 1993 under a variety of names , including axis , hitch hiker & jacques dumondt , and mike stone & steve heller , and have scored major club hits internationally , including a re-make of john paul young 's '' love is in the air '' .
9	it is a hip hop song with influences of club music , and is backed by a looped production containing elements of synthesizer and string instrument , and a repetitive bassline .
15	the term boliche , in argentina and uruguay , also refers to a disco , club , or bar .
22	within minutes , a north korean guard truck crossed the bridge and approximately 20 more north korean guards disembarked carrying crowbar and club .
2	the current club structure was built in 1960 .
7	the stones can shoot out of his club , killing enemies .
5	a film society is a club where people can watch screenings of films which would otherwise not be shown in mainstream cinema .
35	1991 's queer would be the band 's swansong , and was supported by various techno inspired singles under the moniker of ( in the uk ) to disguise the identity of the band to club djs .
11	extras were used as background dancers to create a sort of club atmosphere .
1	in club play she was a member of the 2001 golden west team that won the winter junior nationals , and was named mvp of the tournament .
19	the dennisons advanced from learning the ravens ' chord patterns , to building a local reputation at the bicc club in melling , liverpool .
23	he did not quit performing musically , but began to cover songs that started a career with a recurring gig at the brooklyn club , casablanca .
13	the fraternal order of eagles building is a historic fraternal order of eagles club located in richmond , virginia .
6	'' he used both professional and club - oriented amplifiers and monitors to minimize harmonic distortion and maintain flying lotus ' minimalist aesthetic , which , along with his need to find a quiet mental space , inspired the album 's title : '' i wanted to set people up to this idea , before they even heard it , that the quiet was a key word in the whole thing ... ( a ) part of pulling it back is some kind of growing up .
33	bernard courcelle 's leadership until bruno mégret 's scission dps is equipped with helmet and shield , gas mask , tear gas launchers , guns that fire rubber bullet , bulletproof vest , club , and gloves with lead weights .
18	when his band dissolved , alen started playing football in jedinstvo from bihać , then a second league club .
13	the four had met in 2001 after a live show in a magdeburg club , where listing and schäfer , who knew each other from music school , watched from the audience while bill and tom kaulitz played on the stage .
17	she instituted book talk , monthly program meetings , a story hour and a variety of other club .
17	as the team scholar , computer are listed her strong point ; she even belongs to the club at school .
14	the condemned were lashed to the wheel and their limbs were beaten with a club or iron cudgel , with the gaps in the wheel allowing the limbs to give way and break .
40	opus dei supporter william o'connor wrote that a person 's spiritual life is a private matter , and that the practice of not divulging membership lists is common to many organizations such as trade union , hospitals , schools and club .
24	killed in : '' ice cold killa '' jizzy b. is the biggest pimp in san fierro , the owner of the pleasure domes club and a member of the loco syndicate .
14	sky media limited originally formed to investigate the possibility of beaming sports programming into club and pub using high performance 4 metre satellite dishes by jarvis and an engineering associate brian green but was redirected into pay television following successful bidding in 1990 for four groups of uhf frequencies in the auckland , hamilton and tauranga region .
5	it has several sub-councils and club , each presided over by convener , also from the faculty members .
15	energy 92.7 & 101.1 knrj 's dance music product included house , trance , and club music , as well as remixes of pop and r&b hits .
11	a member of the new york glitterati , she is a club / bar/restaurant staple known for her unique fashion sense .
13	after a spell as a catwalk model , she scored a number of club hits after recording with the group the biz in 1983 .
19	the twins have also participated in several fashion show , performance art pieces , gay pride parade , and club appearances from los angeles to new york city and across the atlantic , some of these have been fundraisers for aids charities and organizations .
24	these include a coles supermarket , tavern , restaurant , general practitioner , dentist , bp service station , fire station , rugby union club , child care and several other businesses .
4	they are differentiated from club by their focus on exploring an issue or topic rather than on activities or socializing .
6	he wields a large , spiked club .
16	she was born in skewen , wales , and spent seven years performing in pub and club around south wales before being signed to rca records in 1975 .
23	shoaf 's nose was of '' such great length and breadth of nostril '' that his friends proclaimed they could '' form a club around it '' .
32	this was followed by further singles on several record label , but with little commercial success , although '' you busted my mind '' later became successful on the uk's northern soul club circuit .
42	the editorial column of the first issue sided clearly against fascism : luigi pirandello , for his devotion to benito mussolini , was one of becco giallo satirical target , and used to be called p. randello ( randello in italian means club ) .
4	it was initially a club hit on the rave scene before crossing over into the pop chart .
27	nick littlemore of the australian electorock outfit , empire of the sun , lends a hand on the production , which gives the song a retro synthpop club feel .
4	the herkuleskeule ( hercules club ) is an important site in german-speaking political cabaret .
2	private member club were not exempted .
61	northern soul and breakthrough their first release came in the form of '' colour my life '' , a limited white label pressing which got them some recognition , but it was the first official single '' how can i love you more ? '' that gave them their first top 30 hit and a following in and around the manchester club scene , where pickering was still dj-ing .
16	in 1995 , white faced criminal charges of possessing deadly weapons , a knife and a club , distributing obscene material , and attempting to escape from police custody , arising out of the distribution of political leaflets .
5	she is in the drama club at her real world school , and she is often singing songs from rent .
41	contemporaries called him brazen , spiteful and violent , and it is reported that once , in the course of a difference of opinion with his chancellor -- archbishop ratbod of trier , no less -- zwentibold beat him with a club .
12	this stone has been used by the great basin tribes for war club and pipes that are jet black with a high gloss when polished .
6	'' freeloader '' became a worldwide club hit and reached mainstream chart success in the uk , germany , belgium and the netherlands .
6	after short stints playing in a club band and the blind joe mendlebaum blues band , he became the drummer for organist / vocalist lee michaels .
12	minawo was formed in 1999 after matsuura and yamaguchi met in a club while both were attending university of kitakyushu .
22	a listings magazine is a magazine which contains information about the upcoming week 's events such as broadcast programming , music , club , theatre and film information ; examples include time out magazine in the uk , tv hebdo ( québec ) in canada , and tv guide in the us .
24	before that , they were known for a track called '' do what you want '' ( 1990 ) that got a lot of club and dj play in new york and chicago .
7	) was described more as a dance-pop club hit than as a christmas song even peaking at number-one on the romanian top 100 .
10	the park is the official ground for the association football club cwmfelin press a.f.c . the park also has a playplace where young children can play .
15	in 2004 their piano - driven track '' alright '' became one of the biggest club hits to come out of ibiza , and in turn became a major dance smash across europe and in the united states , where it entered the billboard hot dance airplay chart at # 21 for the week ending december 18 , 2005 .
9	in his right hand the giant holds a knobbled club in length , and adding to the total height of the figure .
16	the european-influenced music is layered and textured with many music modalities , differing from their past club - oriented albums .
14	featuring the vocals of tracy ackerman , '' everytime '' proved to be a club hit , due to the balearic trance interpretation by nalin & kane , who had earlier in the year had enjoyed crossover success with '' beachball '' .
20	history after beginning as a synth-pop duo ( having been compared to underworld ) , they have transitioned to creating club music .
41	major themes the place that dane visits in his dream or his supernatural and time-expanding experience , as james cleverly does n't specify seems a combination of retreat house , convent , country home , hotel , spa , resort and club .
17	'' just dance '' also has influences of b and lyrically speaks about being intoxicated at a club .
8	stewarts & lloyds corby a.f.c. is a football club based in corby , northamptonshire , england .
17	chains were frequently decorated with a silver or enamel pendant , often carrying the arms of some club or society , which by association also became known as a fob .
8	the royal high school boasts many venerable sport club .
10	north america and europe a karaoke bar , restaurant , club or lounge is a bar or restaurant that provides karaoke equipment so that people can sing publicly , sometimes on a small stage .
21	linda now travels all over the nation and around the world for her performances making appearances in numerous casino venues , club venues and outdoor festival venues .
5	types newsletters are published by club , churches , societies , associations , and businesses -- especially companies -- to provide information of interest to members , customers , or employees .
19	cj bolland contributed a mix of '' in your blood '' on bford9 and '' fetish '' was a club hit in both the uk and the us .
5	/ ) social life different club and societies have been formed to organise different extracurricular activities inside the university .
1	the club was owned by his business manager , dan levy , sr. .
21	she approached ades and asked him if he would be willing to transform '' i begin to wonder '' from a club song to a pop song .
16	it features news and creative input from all sections of the school community , including regular club reports and interviews with famous former pupils .
24	slow ballads and r & b songs can be remixed by techno producers and djs in order to give the song appeal to the club scene and to urban radio .
24	caicedo led different cultural movements in the city like the literary group '' los dialogantes '' ( those who speak ) , the cinema club of cali and the '' ojo con el cine '' magazine ( attention to the cinema ) .
11	in the 1940s , she appeared at the b & c club as a tap dancer , amidst other artists such as john lee hooker .
8	the large number of sailing events organized by club and syndicate , like oceanic races and typical boats ( wooden fishing boats and canoe ) races , demonstrates the sport 's growing force .
26	wilbert augustus campbell ( 12 august 1931 19 may 2014 ) , known as count suckle , was a jamaica - born sound system operator and club owner who was influential in the development of ska and reggae music , and african-caribbean culture , in the united kingdom .
1	a club version of the song was later released featuring eminem and mos def .
6	unlike chuck , junior carries a club that gives his attacks further reach .
21	the second single was '' breathe '' , which reached number 36 on the hot 100 and became a top five club hit .
26	they then use the tools to kill a leopard preying on them ; the next day , the main ape character , moon-watcher , uses a club to kill the leader of a rival tribe .
101	a partial list of such titles includes personal title , such as lord , knight , right honourable , indicating an earned or inherited rank or position within a formal power structure ; command rank , such as captain , sergeant , etc. , indicating likewise a very specific position in a command hierarchy , e.g. police rank or military rank ; an academic degree or professional designation such as phd , p.eng or m.d. , whether this be purely honorary or symbolic , or associated with credentials attesting to specific competence , learning , or skills ; labor union and club memberships ; persons allowed access to specific areas during special events , such as concerts and shows ; citizenship , as in the case of passport and birth certificate .
4	tipstaves ( the short club after which the office is named ) on display at bedford museum history crossed tipstaffs within a wreath - rank of police assistant chief constable or commander in the uk the office of the tipstaff is thought to have been created in the 14th century .
8	conway was talent-spotted while playing in a london club , signed to emi 's columbia label and spent the mid-1950s providing backing for artists on their roster , including gracie fields and joan regan .
23	in the same way , arthur manipulates friends such as dave of arthur 's haunt the private , if downmarket , '' winchester club '' ; the character of dave originally appeared on an irregular basis , but by series 3 , the three-way banter scenes between terry , arthur and dave ( sometimes simply arthur and dave ) became one of the show 's most popular elements with viewers , and such scenes were increased in regularity as a result .
33	the parcel , over and containing a great deal of wooded and undeveloped land , wetlands , a tennis court , and a sarasota school of architecture structure that served as a private club or recreation lounge for a bay front home opposite it on bay shore road that was sold separately from the house and held for a long time by a developer .
4	there are currently 31 club and only 14 courses , compared with the hundreds which existed before .
12	design the morning star is a medieval weapon consisting of a spiked club resembling a mace , usually with a long spike extending straight from the top and many smaller spikes around the particle of the head .
4	other spelling pronunciations are club pronounced , iceberg pronounced in spain ( in american spanish , it 's pronounced ) , and folclor and folclore as translations of folklore , pronounced and .
8	the troupe quickly became famous in the underground club culture of the lower east side - especially known for its trademark : '' bloodbags and beauty '' .
13	developing from post-disco and synthpop , it is generally up-tempo music intended for club with the intention of being danceable but also suitable for contemporary hit radio .
20	in june 1993 , deandrea 's remixed version of '' secret love '' was released , it became a uk club hit and peaked at no. 41 .
19	marching two-step were a local gigging band for a few years , but never managed to grow beyond the club scene .
10	a mace is a blunt weapon , a type of club or virge that uses a heavy head on the end of a handle to deliver powerful blows .
3	cyclopskin fight with club and bardiche .
10	a stock example is 倶楽部 ( kurabu ) for '' club '' , where the characters can be interpreted loosely in sequence as '' together '' , '' fun '' and '' place '' .
23	the '82 us remix dub version was not widely available after its initial release , but the track remained much in demand by club dj and fans alike , and copies of the original 12 '' version fetched high prices .
31	affiliated clubs of the students ' association the students ' association ( s.a. ) organises a sponsored walk each year to raise funds for financing the activities of its 53 affiliated club , which are grouped under six unions : arts union , science union , sports union , music union , recreation union and service union .
49	other artists who have used samples from wright 's 1975 -- 81 recordings include dilated peoples , atmosphere , infamous mobb , t.i. and armand van helden , the last of whom incorporated part of '' comin ' apart '' ( from the right place ) in his 2004 club hit '' my my my '' .
12	in order to pay the rental fees , cartwright organized a ball club so that he could collect the needed money .
11	his band , avtomaticheskie udovletvoriteli , was a sort of underground club for dozen of local musicians , including kino 's late frontman , viktor tsoi , and tequilajazzz 's yevgeny fyodorov ( ) .
20	jockey slut was a british music magazine which ran between 1993 and 2004 , focusing mainly on dance music and club culture .
22	he moved from jackson , mississippi to new orleans and ultimately to chicago , although by the mid-1940s his appearances in blues club had dwindled away .
16	animaritime is an anime and gaming convention founded by members of the mount allison university anime club .
15	guitar slim , jr. , has worked for many years around the new orleans blues club circuit , and his repertoire became more reliant on his father 's material .
1	their club concept is ingeniously simple and effective : the drummers lay their rhythm on the basics of the dj , through this they change any style into a new and original element .
9	a boat sharing organization may be an association , club , cooperative or company .
22	backyard and garden railways if the ride is on track , and especially if the service is provided by a non-commercial hobbyist club , the train may be an exact scale model , often with a live steam locomotive .
9	grand army of the republic hall is a historic club building located at johnstown , cambria county , pennsylvania .
34	form ` kataore ' , mere pounamu ( 42cm x 12cm ) maori chief holding a mere weapon ( 1860 -- 1879 ) the mere is a , leaf shape , form of short club .
50	in 1807 , gibraltar merchants had founded a library in bedlam court , as they were denied membership of the garrison library , it being available only to members of the british garrison in the city ( the garrison library functioned not only as a library , but as a club , owned and run by and for military officers ; civilians were excluded , regardless of their prominence ) .
22	'' in the song risingson on massive attack 's mezzanine album , the singer apparently appeals to his company to leave the club they 're in , deriding the common persons ' infatuation with them , and implying that he 's about to slide into antisocial behaviour : in an episode of this american life , radio host ira glass uses the term hoi polloi while relaying a story about a woman who believes the letter ` q ' should occur later in the alphabet .
7	they then began to build up a club reputation as a tight , close harmony band and in 1966 , finding themselves in the middle of the 1960s swinging london scene , they decided to update their image and instrumentation .
10	after teaching each day he spent his time playing in club .
25	to strengthen the catholic education offered by the college , the legion of mary , the solidarity of our lady , and the catechists ' club were organized in the 1960 's .
21	before their adoption of guns , the plains indians hunted with spear , bows and arrows , and various forms of club .
17	logistics typically , the audience capacity for a house concert is smaller than at a coffeehouse or club .
10	these places include airport , shopping mall , park , club , supermarket , campus , and other popular locations .
3	activities over 850 club in the uk are affiliate with it , with approximately 36,000 members .
6	clonakilty rfc is an irish rugby club .
11	while at its simplest the throwing stick is just a heavy club thrown at the game , a well designed throwing stick uses the principles of an airfoil shape and gyroscopic stability ; the oldest of these dates back 200,000 years to ancient poland .
8	collaboration with martin 101 followed , then a club track with smokin ' jo and pete gleadhall ( pet shop boys ) called '' strip down ( nude ) '' , and several tracks fronting ichi ni san with harj and kriss darang .
12	there are usually extensive childcare facilities such as a crèche and various club to keep youngsters occupied , enabling parents to follow their own pursuits .
12	however , some biologists suggest that the structure more closely resembles a club .
20	fort nelson chapter of the daughters of the american revolution chapter house is a historic daughters of the american revolution club located at portsmouth , virginia .
19	each of them has a background in performing , dj , and being stylists within the underground new york club and fashion scenes .
15	marshall field and company clubhouse , also known as fieldcrest lodge , is a historic club located at fieldale , henry county , virginia .
30	kim and chae were forced to work for 14 hours a day ; if they did n't work well , they were beaten by an iron bar or an wooden club .
21	clwb ifor bach on womanby street clwb ifor bach ( , ) is a cardiff nightclub , music venue , welsh-language club and community centre .
7	the other three main bars were all club venues ; colours and the basement ( the two larger venues ) , and escape ( the smallest ) , were open most nights for a variety of music .
17	resistance symbols like the flags or the weapons used by the peasants , in particular their typical club with nails on the hitting end ( called ( bauern - ) knüttel ) , were outlawed , confiscated , and destroyed .
18	the band 's popularity increased when they were asked to play a two-week stint at ronnie scott 's club in london , opening for chick corea , a run that was eventually lengthened to three weeks .
6	it stated that often when the club offered promotions with gimmicks , dancers would be required to work without payment .
8	truncheons probably developed as a marriage between the club or military mace and the staff of office / sceptre .
19	thematically , the album 's subject matter mostly concerns self-aggrandisement , sex , social commentary , and '' the club '' .
12	the latter would later be sampled for the 2005 dance radio and club hit '' love on my mind '' by the freemasons featuring amanda wilson .
9	his iconographic attributes are the lion skin and the club .
1	the club was established on february 22 , 2008 by a small group of trek enthusiasts in chennai , india .
25	steve beckett , co-owner of warp , has said that the electronic music the label was releasing at that point was targeting a post - club , home-listening audience .
12	the following year , khimki positioned itself among the top 10 basketball club in the nation of russia , guaranteeing a place in the european cup competition , the korać cup .
29	in 2004 his single '' shine '' , re-creating a sample of the electric light orchestra 's 1979 track '' shine a little love '' , became an international club smash and was a top 20 hit on billboard's hot dance airplay chart in 2005 .
14	'' make love to me '' might also have returned marie to the u.s. club charts where '' run to me '' had reached # 27 , had helen reddy not covered the track for the u.s. market .
25	the sport klub windhoek , also known as sk windhoek , skw , and cymot skw due to sponsorship reasons , is a namibia sports club based in windhoek .
19	his first single was '' i wanna lick the pussy '' ( 1994 ) , which became a regional club hit without the assistance of radio airplay .
18	the european system , known as '' matrix '' , is going to guide the color of the club , including of the facade , in constant change .
40	association with wushu/kung fu the chinese lion dance ( especially the taiwanese lion , 臺灣獅 ) has close relations to kung fu or wǔshù ( 武術 ) and the dancers are usually martial art members of the local kung fu club or school .
22	ann siang road , which has elegantly restored shophouses today , was once the traditional home of clan associations and exclusive social club .
14	relatively unknown outside their home country , they have had international success with the club track , '' helium '' .
9	many of them contributed to the growth of the club over the years .
26	in 2005 , the dance music took place on a second stage on the saturday only and in 2006 it took place off site at a club on the saturday night .
25	though '' take away '' was not a success on radio , '' 4 my people '' went on to become an american and european club hit due to a popular remix by house music duo basement jaxx in 2002 .
5	stotfold f.c. is a football club based at stotfold , bedfordshire , england .
4	like many other specialty club under arba , the acba maintains a membership , awards sweepstakes points , provides special awards , publishes a newsletter and contributes to developing new standards .
7	due to his increasing popularity in the club scene and especially in the gay community , he was hailed as the '' hottest dj of 2005 '' by out magazine in their june issue .
14	nautical athletical organization of mati attika ( abbreviation : naoma ) is a sailing club located in mati , in the eastern part of the attica region in greece .
29	unlike list pr , stv can be used in elections in organizations without any political parties at all , such as in municipal non-partisan elections , trade union , club , and school .
19	his first success was his remix of dj sakin 's '' protect your mind '' , which became a club track .
10	( 9 ) he continues to entertain on the australian club circuit during the summer months of the southern hemisphere .
11	career silva started producing house music in 1992 , just as club culture was getting established in lisbon .
16	the flotilla was reported to be carrying ballistic vest , gas mask , night-vision goggles , club , and slingshot , although the unhrc report does not mention these items and in the turkish report on the israeli attack on the humanitarian aid convoy to gaza it states that all passengers and crew as well as the cargo were searched to international standards and no weapons were found , on the ships departing from turkey .
20	singles in april 2006 , a remix of '' no hay igual '' featuring calle 13 was issued as a club single in the us .