16	the thrust of training is to impart functional knowledge of general management and specialised knowledge of bank related subjects .
32	the funds are structured in various ways , but in general they are composed of high quality , diversified fixed income portfolios that are protected against interest rate volatility by contracts from bank and insurance companies .
24	life after football / death after retiring , ciriaco continued living in eibar , and worked for several years in the banco guipuzcoano ( bank of gipuzkoa ) .
23	opponents argue that since a maximum liquid wealth policy makes no allowance for individual savings , it therefore assumes the non-importance of a bank and the loan that banks provide .
66	she appears in just two episodes : '' 41 shots '' , in which she is seen eating at a restaurant with two other judges while having a conversation , and '' bang & blame '' , in which she presides over the trial of a murderer who decides to represent himself pro se after killing a woman on video in the middle of a crowded bank lobby .
34	the day of the press conference , john walsh stated that at the river either the men threw her into the water , or chiang attempted to escape but slipped on the icy river bank and drowned .
5	when they discover paradise 's bank is light on security , bill feels the urge to rob it if he had a gun .
14	banco português de investimento ( bpi ) , ) is a major privately owned bank in portugal .
25	intermediation involves the '' matching '' of lenders with savings to borrowers who need money by an agent or third party , such as a bank .
21	assets held in such a manner are typically owned by larger institutional firms with a considerable amount of investments such as bank , insurance companies , mutual funds , hedge fund and pension fund .
25	other texas branches include plano , texas , richardson , texas , austin , texas and sugar land , texas , this privately held community bank was founded on november 3 , 1997 .
5	hamilton argued that a federal bank would be beneficial to the national economy .
9	the adirondack trust company is the largest independent community bank in saratoga county , new york , usa .
16	bync is an online service that provides deals and coupons by syncing to a user 's bank and credit cards to discover the user 's favorite stores .
7	history josiah l. maxey , a gardiner bank who had recently financed construction of the kennebec central railroad , obtained legislative approval for consolidation of the sandy river railroad and rangeley railroad ( p & r ) on 10 march 1891 .
12	he was a member of the board of directors of the mansfield bank and trust company .
25	former federal reserve chairman alan greenspan predicts that enactment of the fairtax would result in a large portion of those funds being transferred to u.s. bank , where they would become available to u.s. capital market , bringing down interest rate , and otherwise promoting economic growth in the united states instead of the countries where those funds are currently held .
2	a sbi bank and automated teller machine is also located in kulsari .
20	in addition 111 churches , 50 hospital , institutions or college , 36 theatre , clubs , government offices , bank , factories , flour mills and other commercial buildings suffered destruction or damage -- a total of 30,000 buildings in all .
6	crédit mutuel is a major french bank , with headquarters in strasbourg , alsace .
7	budivelnyk is owned and operated by the bank and investing company privatbank .
28	already in 1895 , 75 % of the national manufacturing industry was in the capital and only 28 % in the harbor , and by 1910 , major bank and shops were set up in the streets of the city center , leaving valparaiso .
15	it is one of the only high schools in the u.s. that has its own bank , the first tiger trust .
14	the company serves varied industry sectors , including government/public sector , educational institutions , bank , multinational corporation and other commercial organizations .
6	ever since the glass–steagall act , bank and insurance businesses had been kept separate .
6	this is a common setup in bank and post office .
48	groups given a write-up include the illuminati , the merovingian dynasty , the cathars , the prieuré de sion , the alphans , the '' time meddlers '' , the network , the discordian society , the society of assassins , the templars , the bavarian illuminati , bank and the gnomes of zurich , environmental protesters and ecoterrorists , the freemasons , the society of light , intelligence agencies , the mafia ( including a section about prohibition ) , major corporations , organised crime , organised religion , telephone companies , and unions .
9	massena has a john deere service center , a bank , a hotel , a medical center , a tavern , a grocery store , two mechanics , a welder , a craft store and a sale barn .
26	additionally , the farm is considered a holon which is inpart connected to other holons such as the county in which the farm resides , the bank from which the farmer borrowed money , or the grain elevator where the farmer can sell goods .
6	financial institutions , which may include bank , credit unions , loan funds , and community development venture capital funds , can apply to the cdfi fund for formal certification as a cdfi .
16	sovrompetrol was followed by sovromtransport and tars ( transportation ) , and later by sovrombanc ( bank and commercial monopoly ) , sovromlemn ( wood processing ) , sovromgaz ( natural gas ) , sovromasigurare ( insurance ) , sovromcărbune ( coal exploitation in the jiu valley and other areas ) , sovromchim ( chemical industry ) , sovromconstrucţii ( construction materials ) , sovrommetal ( iron extraction around reşiţa ) , sovromtractor ( future tractorul , in braşov ) , sovromfilm ( importing soviet cinema productions ) , sovrom utilaj petrolier ( producing oil refining equipment ) and sovromnaval ( shipbuilding in constanţa , giurgiu , and brăila ) .
1	the bank 's it department was later dissolved in 1976 and its staff were moved to the it division of the iran social security organization ( isso ) .
25	typical sectors included telecommunications , power , petroleum , railways , airport , airline , public transport , health care , postal services and sometimes bank .
5	he was employed as a bank clerk in 1892 and served successively as cashier and director until his death .
11	big five is the name colloquially given to the five largest bank that dominate the banking industry of canada .
7	this is a list of the largest bank in the united states by total asset as of december 31 , 2013 .
8	banque populaire maroco centrafricaine bpmc is a major bank in the central african republic .
12	in pvp , data was loaded by prefetching to a special register bank , bypassing the cache .
17	national trust and savings association , abbreviated nt & sa , is a designation used by national bank in the united states to denote their national charter .
23	samuel thomas hauser , a former territorial governor of the state of montana from 1885 to 1887 , enjoyed a lengthy career in bank , mining , railroads , ranch , and smelting , but encountered a series of financial setbacks after the panic of 1893 which nearly ruined him financially .
4	banrisul is the largest bank in southern brazil and operates primarily in the state of rio grande do sul ( rs ) , with a network that serves more than 365 cities .
11	business pursuits upon moving to south norwalk , he became a bank , invested in real estate , becoming the largest landholder in the city .
9	the other-indemnity segment provides professional liability insurance to community bank , principally directors , and officers liability insurance .
24	headquartered in buena park , california , with branch offices in silver lake , los angeles and monterey park , this privately held community bank was first established on december 18 , 1973 .
17	in 1973 , he was arrested along with a number of fellow ira men while robbing a bank and was sentenced to five years imprisonment .
8	carver is the largest publicly traded african-american operated bank in the united states , with approximately $ 650 million in assets , 135 employees and ten full service branches in the new york city boroughs of brooklyn , manhattan and queens .
3	the list includes bank ( including commercial banks , investment banks , and savings and loan associations ) that have : been taken over or merged with another financial institution , been declared insolvent or liquidated , or filed for bankruptcy .
14	history to settle a cheque , it has to be presented to the drawee bank for payment .
20	history f2i was established on 23 january 2007 as an initiative of cassa depositi e prestiti , a state owned bank and social security fund .
1	the bank was created as a merger between sparebanken abc and four other regional savings banks .
19	by 1909 , the town had a hotel , general store , blacksmith , baker , carpenter and two bank , and by 1950 , most of the land was cleared and being used for farming .
20	bankers ' bonuses are traditionally paid or awarded to some workers in the finance industry at the end of the bank 's financial year .
11	banque de tunisie et des emirats ( bte ) is a bank in tunisia .
13	qcr holdings , inc. , through its subsidiaries , provides commercial and consumer bank , and trust and asset management services for the quad city , cedar rapids , and rockford communities .
9	other letters of credit reference might be written by bank , which would provide basic information about how long the applicant has held an account , what type of account it was , and whether or not there were any overdraft or late payments noted .
5	economically , gleiwitz opened several bank , savings and loan association , and bond centers .
5	business and branch network the bank takes deposits , which it principally lends in the form of mortgage loans for purchase or refinance of residential , and commercial properties , and for construction or renovation of commercial properties and residential housing developments .
24	later goi disinvested 16.92 % of the paid up capital in favor of unit trust of india , mutual fund , insurance companies and bank on 19 may 1992 , thereby reducing its holding to 67.7 % .
10	at first , only the riksens ständers wexel-banco ( the bank of the riksdag of the estates ) could issue banknotes but , in 1789 , the riksgälds contor ( swedish national debt office ) was established and given the right to issue its own banknotes .
1	jpg bank plan file : plan of typical german pillbox , siegfried line .
9	differences from other financial institutions credit unions differ from bank and other financial institutions in that those who have accounts in the credit union are its members and owners , and they elect their board of directors in a one-person-one-vote system regardless of their amount invested .
16	it is predominantly a working class city suburb with shop , restaurant , internet cafe , bank , several gas station and a post office .
31	entry into state and party politics eventually becoming a kingsport and johnson city based real estate development and insurance company owner ( starting kingsport development company , inc. ) , and bank executive following world war ii , quillen also was elected as a republican member of the tennessee house of representatives in 1954 , serving four terms from a district in sullivan county .
5	banco galliano was the oldest bank in the british overseas territory of gibraltar .
13	catching the rising tide of the booming chinese and asia economies , the bank also specializes in financing credit arrangement for import and export trades .
7	online banking vast majority of ukraine 's bank offer online banking ( usually free of charge ) .
27	both works have major characters who work in finance : marshall 's protagonist is an accountant while némirovsky 's work has several characters who work for a bank .
1	unlike bank loans , gemach loans are interest-free , and are often set up with easy repayment terms .
12	the depository institution that is a member of ach is usually a bank or other financial institution which is initiating a payment on behalf of its client .
33	albert spaggiari ( december 14 , 1932 -- june 8 , 1989 ) , nicknamed bert , was a french criminal chiefly known as the organizer of a break-in into a société générale bank in nice , france in 1976 .
13	repo assets are bought by creating depository institution liabilities and directed to the bank the primary dealer uses when they sell into the open market .
19	headquartered in san francisco , with branch offices in california , honolulu , and xiamen , this privately held bank is one of few asian american banks in the united states that has successfully expanded beyond their original communities .
14	in order to achieve that goal , the town jews got permission to open bank and loan money by interest .
9	the advisory committee and board of directors of the bank includes a number of celebrities such as the famed dr. henry c. lee , and other community activists and leaders .
2	it include bank , insurance companies , pension companies and other companies operating in the insurance sector , investment firms , fund management companies and the helsinki stock exchange .
11	an interesting issue in the latter is the increasing entanglement of bank and nations , which is closely related to geography of networks .
14	the panic was followed by a five-year depression , characterized by ongoing failures of bank and financial institutions and record unemployment levels .
17	each enterprise is taxed for the capital they employ , and that tax is distributed to public bank , who fund expansion of existing and new industry .
33	a counter pen ( also known as a security pen ) is a pen designed to be affixed to the counter or table of an institution , such as , typically , a bank or post office by some means , typically a chain , ball chain or plastic cord , complicating the accidental or purposeful removal of the pen from the counter .
25	good fortune was not to last , however ; the town 's heyday came in the middle of the 1850s , when it incorporated a bank .
7	originally , the first floor comprised the bank lobby , but has been divvied up into an atrium and retail spaces for businesses .
30	it offers clients a selection of products -- loans , insurance , investments ( unit trusts / mutual funds , alternative investment vehicles ) , financial advice -- sourced from bank , insurance companies , and fund managers around the world .
34	since illegal immigrants without proper legal status have no valid identification documents such as identity card , they may have reduced or no access to public health systems , proper housing , education and bank .
7	the kimitsu works sits on the north bank of the koito river where it empties in tokyo bay .
24	even so , although ca ira had continued to rise in importance through the 1850s , at one point incorporating its first and only bank , by the postbellum years it had begun losing population , and shrank rapidly during the last decades of the nineteenth century .
17	more than 40,000 companies were registered in the cayman islands as of 2000 , including almost 600 bank and trust companies , with banking assets exceeding $ 500 billion .
13	throughout its history , in addition to shops the grand bazaar has contained bank and financiers , mosque and guest houses .
14	a performance bond is a surety bond issued by an insurance company or a bank to guarantee satisfactory completion of a project by a contractor .
14	during the 103rd general assembly , he was a member of the utilities and bank subcommittee .
14	the trading room is meant to resemble spaces that can be found usually at bank and brokerage houses .
8	komerční banka ( kb ) is a major bank in the czech republic .
8	architect : henning larsen unibank was a danish bank , formed in 1990 by merging andelsbanken , sparekassen sds and privatbanken .
24	g. william domhoff claims that '' the idea of the american state having any significant degree of autonomy from the owners and managers of bank , corporations , and agribusinesses is a theoretical mistake based in empirical inaccuracies , '' and cites empirical studies showing a high degree of overlap between upper-level corporate management and high-level positions in government .
16	given then-standard banking criteria for mortgage-lending , black people usually did not qualify for mortgages from bank and savings and loan association ; instead , they recurred to land installment contracts at above market interest rates to buy a house -- a racist economic strategy eventually leading to foreclosure .
4	most transfer agents are bank or trust companies , but sometimes a company acts as its own transfer agent .
14	uses a range of professional market participants is active in the bullion markets : bank , fabricators , refiners and vault operators or transport companies as well as broker .
19	these installations have been featured in several design publications , and can still be experienced in public spaces , bank , hotel , schools , churches , industrial complexes , and private residences .
5	eaglebank ( ) is a bank in the washington , d.c. metropolitan area .
25	woodville now is home to a grocery store , three restaurants , two variety stores , a post office , one gas station , a bank , a curling rink and arena , two baseball diamond and a newer school , first built in 1923 .
4	many day traders are bank or investment firm employees working as specialists in equity investment and fund management .
14	mlake , which is located on the west side of onger hill , has bank , a kindergarten , a leisure centre and several pub .
7	true north mortgage 's model , part bank and part brokerage firm , is recognized as being highly innovative in the mortgage industry and has grown rapidly since ceo dan eisner opened the company 's first office in calgary in 2006 .
15	it includes business , the former south omaha city hall , a correctional facility , bank , a post office , profession office , and specialty stores .
4	most large corporations and bank face this risk to some degree , as they may constantly borrow and repay loans .
13	the , based in tokyo , japan , was one of the largest bank in the world during the latter half of the 20th century .
44	the certificate of deposit account registry service ( cdars ) , is a us for-profit service that breaks up large deposits ( from individuals , companies , nonprofits , public funds , etc. ) and places them across a network of more than 3000 bank and savings association around the united states .
9	the street is also home to a number of bank and building societies .
5	banque d'hochelaga was a canadian bank based in montreal , quebec .
42	main street of oakland consists mainly of historic two to four story buildings that house the main shopping in the area , such as a theatre , museum , book store , a local pharmacy , antique shop , clothing stores and bank .
8	this building was for years the headquarters of bank , unibanco it was transferred to another building in the avenida marginal pinheiros at the bridge eusébio matoso in pine neighborhood of pine which is installed today .
28	the united states senate committee on banking , housing , and urban affairs ( formerly the committee on banking and currency ) has jurisdiction over matters related to bank and banking , price controls , deposit insurance , export promotion and controls , federal monetary policy , financial aid to commerce and industry , issuance of redemption of notes , currency and coinage , public and private housing , urban development and mass transit , and government contracts .
27	4 july - barclays open their ` no. 1 computer centre ' in drummond street , london , with an emi mainframe computer , britain 's first bank with an in-house computing center .
20	georgi ivanov naydenov ( born july 19 , 1927 -- october 3 , 1998 ) was a bulgaria businessman and bank who was born in the small town of strelcha , and became famous during the 1960s as the creator of the unique and successful economic experiment texim .
9	the banking system is represented by 11 branches of bank in moldova .
24	samuel thomas hauser , a former territorial governor of the state of montana from 1885 to 1887 , had had a lengthy career in bank , mining , railroads , ranch , and smelting , but had encountered a series of financial setbacks after the panic of 1893 which had nearly ruined him financially .
10	paym ( ) is a mobile payment system provided by bank and building societies in the united kingdom .
20	construction causewayed enclosures are often located on hilltop sites , encircled by one to four concentric ditch with an internal bank .
32	headquarters of eurohypo in eschborn building of the former preußische central-bodenkredit-ag , unter den linden 26 , in berlin-mitte hypothekenbank frankfurt ag , previously eurohypo ag , is a european real estate bank based in eschborn , frankfurt .
5	raiffeisen is a swiss cooperative bank .
13	its shareholders consist of the general public and government of bahrain , and bank and investment companies in kuwait .
32	thus , parliament alone can pass laws relating to , amongst other things , the postal service , the census , the military , navigation and shipping , fishing , currency , bank , weights and measures , bankruptcy , copyright , patent , first nations , and naturalization .
31	the action takes the stranger through several locations , including a saloon , where a man named one-eyed jack holds the keys to the prison cell holding the sheriff , a bank in the middle of a robbery , a corral and a jail .
2	a dardania bank exists in albania .
10	he was assigned to the standing committee on finance , bank and insurance .
4	it is the only bank in the town of pontevedra negros occidental .
27	capital adequacy ratio ( car ) , also known as capital to risk ( weighted ) assets ratio ( crar ) , is the ratio of a bank 's capital to its risk .
22	such a trader first '' borrows '' shares of that stock from their owner ( the lender ) , typically via a bank or a prime broker under the condition that he will return it on demand .
8	critics have cited its depiction of certain british bank as being succubi on the economy of iceland as '' over-the-top and defamatory .
15	the ministry of finance is the iraq government agency responsible for finance of iraq and bank .
8	the panic of 1837 triggered by the failing bank in america is followed by a severe depression lasting until 1845 .
8	he promoted '' city autonomy with a central bank , laws guided by eschatological principles from scriptures , and a constitution based on the u. n. declaration of human rights .
1	the bank that it once housed was opened in 1906 and operated until october 1932 , when it was forced to close during the great depression .
12	it can often be located in forest clearing or verges , on bank or lakeshore , and on gentle slopes .
39	it consisted of three core policy initiatives : protecting industry through high tariffs ( 1861 -- 1932 ) ( changing to subsidies and reciprocity from 1932-1970s ) , government investment in infrastructure through internal improvements , and a national bank to promote the growth of productive enterprises .
35	quill pens were standard in europe and the united states up through the 18th and 19th centuries , and are still used in various contexts , such as calligraphy and formal settings such as major bank transactions .
12	'' patent infringement suits ballard patents in 2002 , datatreasury sued 56 bank and other companies , including jpmorgan chase and first data , for infringing the ballard patent .
5	brady 's career in the bank industry spanned 34 years .
39	headquartered in the puente hills mall in industry , california , with branch offices in alhambra , california , tustin , california , rosemead , california , cupertino , california , and arcadia , california this privately held community bank was first established on may 3 , 1995 .
5	regions financial corporation , a bank and financial services company based in birmingham , stepped in as the title sponsor , with bruno 's remaining as a presenting sponsor .
28	it was declared insolvent in 1990 , and had 125 branches in new york , california , florida , michigan , and texas , making it the 12th-largest bank in the united states in 1989 .
32	the property 's listing on the national register reflects its importance in industry and commerce , as well as its association with proprietor charles nelson , who was prominent in areas including bank , farming , and barrel - making .
15	as the industrial revolution intensified in the 18th and 19th centuries , the industries of bank , rail , insurance , retail , petroleum , and telegraph dramatically grew in size and complexity .
1	the bank functions as a regulated financial institution , insured and for-profit just like other banks , but provides commercial banking services to underserved bay area businesses , nonprofits and individuals .
53	employment securities analysts are generally employed in one of three capacities : sell-side analyst ( who work for a broker-dealer and indirectly for broker-dealer 's trading customers ) , buy-side analyst ( who work for institutional investors , such as hedge funds , mutual funds , pension funds , proprietary trading operations of bank and brokers , endowments , and insurance companies ) , and independent analysts , who work for firms which sell research to sell-side and/or buy-side firms , but who do not themselves engage in securities transactions .
0	bank after the independence , banking industry in bangladesh started its journey with 6 nationalized commercialized banks , 2 state owned specialized banks and 3 foreign banks .
12	aik banka ( agroindustrijsko komercijalna banka a.d. niš ) is a commercial bank based in niš , serbia .
25	petronella johanna maria godefrida ( elly ) blanksma-van den heuvel ( born september 24 , 1959 in helmond ) is a dutch politician and former bank manager .
1	a bank from temple in bell county , ferguson 's troubles began when he punitively used the line-item veto against the ut appropriations bill and attempted to dismiss unfavored faculty members .
43	branch intelligence unit - provides intelligence for the serious and organised crime group flying squad - investigates robberies ( whether armed or not ) of cash in transit companies , building societies , betting offices , post offices , jeweller , casino and bank .
4	there are also multiple bank and atms .
8	a net settlement is the process by which bank calculate the collective total of all transactions on any given day .
8	'' before the statute was passed , many bank and other multinational corporations operated in japan as foreign entities in order to avoid japanese regulations requiring banking and securities businesses to be separated by chinese wall .
3	financial institutions : bank and capital markets such as stock exchanges direct unused capital to where it is needed .
9	the is a japanese government organization responsible for overseeing bank , securities and exchange , and insurance in order to ensure the stability of the financial system of japan .
12	power station the polgolla barrage , as seen from the left - bank downriver .
18	the municipal securities rulemaking board ( msrb ) writes investor protection rules and other rules regulating broker-dealer and bank in the united states municipal securities market , including tax-exempt and taxable municipal bond , municipal notes , and other securities issued by states , cities , and counties or their agencies to help finance public projects or for other public policy purposes .
15	this includes : selling stock , bonds , mutual funds shares and also interest from bank deposits .
25	following the wall street panic , the government attempted to please foreign creditors by maintaining convertibility according to the money principles preached by the foreign bank and economist who set the terms for brazil 's relations with the world economy , despite lacking any support from a single major sector in brazilian society .
6	in europe the main issuers are bank .
7	a merchant account is a type of bank account that allows businesses to accept payments by payment card , typically debit or credit card .
0	bank may assist by providing various forms of support .
7	another type of broker would be a bank or credit union that may have a deal set up with either a full-service or discount broker .
25	as his business grew , he branched out with a sawmill , gristmill , window factory , iron foundry , woollen mill , railroad , bank , and the oxmoor blast furnace in birmingham .
7	lending businesses such as car rental and bank receive most of their revenue from fees and interest generated by lending asset to other organizations or individuals .
14	his areas of focus are international economics , monetary economics , macroeconomics , and bank .
12	byerly 's locations also offer in-store united states post offices , full-service bank , pharmacies , coffee shops , floral departments , and wines & spirits shops .
15	loan officers , also referred to as '' mortgage loan originators '' , work for bank and other financial institutions with the main objective to recommend individual and business loan applications for approval .
8	axim has a transport station , two major bank branches , and some rural banks .
11	typical procedure as an example scenario , an employee of a bank which matches gifts decides to make a gift to his or her charity of choice .
1	this bank was operating in pembrokeshire , in wales during the early 19th century .
27	financial services are the economic services provided by the finance industry , which encompasses a broad range of organizations that manage money , including credit union , bank , credit card companies , insurance companies , accountancy companies , consumer finance companies , stock brokerages , investment funds , real estate funds and some government sponsored enterprise .
14	demanding an explanation , he learns that the rich family keeps their money in bank , the stock market , and real estate .
8	banque internationale pour la centrafrique is a major bank of the central african republic .
43	these queues typically are found at doctor ' offices , hospital , town hall , social security offices , labor exchange , the department of motor vehicles , the department of immigration , free internet access in the state or council libraries , bank or post office and call centres .
17	brownlee argues that disobedience in opposition to the decisions of non-governmental agencies such as trade union , bank , and private universities can be justified if it reflects '' a larger challenge to the legal system that permits those decisions to be taken '' .
5	the most important mall , bank and other business of the city are located in this district .
10	infrastructure in thaba-tseka , there are shopping facilities , a bank , a post office , various institutions of relief organizations , and a hospital .
21	as of 1927 , the town boasted a small population of 857 with five church , a public library , a bank , a high school , two local newspapers , several lumber yards , commercial packing houses , and a dehydrating plant .
16	finances tokyo became a major financial center , home of some of the world 's major bank , financial firms , insurance companies , and the world 's largest stock exchange , the tokyo securities and stock exchange .
6	in 1910 the st. petersburg commercial bank purchased a building with a lot underneath it in one most prestigious locations , at the corner of nevsky prospekt and aristocratic malaia morskaia ulitsa ( 7 and 9 nevsky prospekt ) .
7	primary companies supervised by the authority are bank , insurance companies , credit companies , financing companies , pension fund , security companies , stock exchange , security registries , real estate agencies , debt collection agencies , accountant and auditors .
4	the privately owned community bank was originally established in 1967 to serve the ethnic chinese in chinatown .
18	united kingdom banking law refers to banking law in the united kingdom , to control the activities of bank .
1	trained bank in turn offer microfinance loan and deposit services specially tailored to microenterprise clients .
45	at the junction , sr 109 curves north along the pacific ocean and passes ocean city , copalis beach , griffiths-priday state park , pacific beach and moclips before entering the quinault indian reservation and taholah to end at quinault street , located on the bank of the quinault river .
39	there can also be non-political governors : high-ranking officials in private or similar governance such as commercial and non-profit management , styled governor ( s ) , who simply govern an institution , such as a corporation or a bank .
10	roman influences may be found around us today , in bank , government buildings , great houses , and even small houses , perhaps in the form of a porch with doric columns and a pediment or in a fireplace or a mosaic shower floor copied from an original in pompeii or herculaneum .
25	chicago and the surrounding area originally had the third-largest population of chinese american in the u.s. , after the northeast and west coast although the bank generally provides the similar kind of services catering to the local chinese community , its clients include greater portions of scientists and engineers than other overseas chinese banks , which cater more to small business owners and import -- export merchant .
4	the seat of the bank was in oslo , and was led by a board of three members , two appointed by the storting and one by the king .
13	he then moved back to california in 1870 with plans of starting a bank , but due to an ongoing recession was unable to find favorable conditions .
14	in a separate development , venetian merchants started using paper bills , instructing their bank to make payments .
9	globoko ob dravinji is a village on the left bank of the dravinja river in the municipality of poljčane in northeastern slovenia .
26	armando antónio martins vara ( born march 27 , 1954 , vinhais ) is a portuguese politician , member of the portuguese socialist party , and bank administrator .
29	mga operates guarantees for three loan programs which are intended to guarantee subsidized and unsubsidized federal stafford loan , federal plus loan , and federal consolidation loan made by bank , credit unions , savings and loan associations , insurance companies , certain federal agencies and by the michigan higher education student loan authority ( mhesla ) .
34	my laugh comes last book cover synopsis larry lucas is a small time worker , who is one day approached by a millionaire , farell brannigan , to assist him and start a new bank in town , which should be the safest in the world .
14	benz 's gasmotoren-fabrik mannheim ( 1882 -- 1883 ) problems arose again when the bank at mannheim demanded that bertha and karl benz 's enterprise be incorporated due to the high production costs it maintained .
21	in some countries , like switzerland and liechtenstein , bullion bars can be bought or sold over the counter at major bank .
24	the first level of djim screening removes companies involved in such products alcohol , pork - related products , conventional financial services ( e.g. bank and insurance companies ) , entertainment ( e.g. hotel , casino , gambling etc. ) , tobacco , and weapon and defense .
16	a gift card is a restricted monetary equivalent or scrip that is issued by retailer or bank to be used as an alternative to a non-monetary gift .
9	the city is also the center for the many bank and businesses that thrive from its tax haven status .
1	in bank , a minimum daily balance is the minimum balance that a banking institution requires account holders to have in their accounts each day in order to waive maintenance fee .
16	the other wing of the museum is located at the empress place building on the north bank of the singapore river .
24	compradors held important positions in southern china buying and selling tea , silk , cotton and yarn for foreign corporations and working in foreign-owned bank .
50	although traditionally banks have insisted on a wide range of covenants that allow them to intervene if the financial position of the borrower or the value of underlying assets deteriorates , around 2006 the increasing strength of private equity firms and the decreasing opportunities for traditional corporate loans made by bank fueled something of a '' race to the bottom '' , with syndicates of banks competing with each other to offer ever less invasive terms to borrowers in relation to leveraged buy-out .
34	special opportunities fund with the advent of challenges in the property and finance sector , bourne capital established their own special opportunities fund in june 2008 to co-invest ` side by side ' with bank , institutions and joint venture partners .
45	in kautsky 's view , the only one way in which capitalists would be able to maintain the basic system , while avoiding this stagnation , would be for the wealthiest nations to form a '' cartel '' , in the same manner as which bank had co-operated , agreeing to limit their competition and renounce their arms race , in order to maintain their export markets and their systems of superexploitation .
14	here , goethe spent some time in 1814 as a guest of the frankfurt bank family brentano .
10	originally , a series of separate informational pamphlet distributed by bank and insurance companies , the pamphlets were bound together and published in book form in 1926 .
18	william henry workman ( january 1 , 1839 february 21 , 1918 ) was an american politician , bank and businessman .
5	he became a lawyer and bank , and in 1898 became the 17th governor of iowa , serving until 1902 .
17	walter william head ( december 18 , 1877 -- may 3 , 1954 ) was an american bank and insurance executive .
5	webank is an italian online bank owned by banca popolare di milano .
24	by definition , the '' zaibatsu '' were large family-controlled vertical monopolies consisting of a holding company on top , with a wholly owned bank subsidiary providing finance , and several industrial subsidiaries dominating specific sectors of a market , either solely , or through a number of subsubsidiary companies .
53	many mid-18th-century immigrants made fortunes in ponce , like the owner of this restored coffee plantation ( hacienda buena vista ) founded in 1833 ; today it is a point of interest in the municipality some of these immigrants made considerable fortunes in coffee , corn and sugarcane harvesting , rum production , bank and finance , the importing of industrial machinery , iron foundries and other enterprises .
15	by the mid-20th century it had an international presence , and was ranked the fifth-largest bank in the united states and third-largest in california in terms of deposits .
13	hometrust bancshares inc. ( ) is an asheville , north carolina - based bank holding company with 43 branches and $ 2.8 billion in assets in north and south carolina after completing a pending acquisition .
12	she also helped design some of the first computer reservations system for bank .
9	everbank is an american diversified financial services company providing bank , mortgages , and investing services .
11	he struggled to be given permission to miss work from his bank job to play in matches so was not played as often as he could have been .
19	another exhibit is dedicated to the year 1933 , when minden was struck during the great depression with a bank failure , a fire , and a major tornado .
10	after graduation , he joined the staff of interstate national bank in kansas city but soon returned to the south plains in 1948 to work at the pitchfork .
6	the term is commonly used by bank and building societies to represent the ratio of the first mortgage lien as a percentage of the total appraised value of real property .
7	hoole has branches of four high street bank with cash machine facilities .
9	in 1873 , arnold decided to go into the bank business himself , buying a defunct elizabethtown financial institution .
15	when fully realized , stp provides asset manager , broker and dealer , custodians , bank and other financial services players with tremendous benefits , including greatly shortened processing cycles , reduced settlement risk and lower operating costs .
26	anemone canadensis ( canada anemone , round-headed anemone , meadow anemone , crowfoot ) is a herbaceous perennial native to moist meadow , thicket , stream bank , and lake shore in north america , spreading rapidly by underground rhizome , valued for its white flower .
6	the village also has a slovakia bank and insurance branch .
3	is a trust bank in japan .
8	the trail goes east and follows the southern bank of the tar river , then at the confluence of the tar river and green mill run , turns south and follows the western edge of the tributary .
28	villa morra has seen an important development in the last few years with the opening of new high end stores , restaurant , hotel , nightclub and even bank and financial firm .
15	homeguard v kiwi packaging ( 1981 ) 2 nzlr 322 is often cited regarding the bank of cheque tendered as full settlement of disputed accounts .
16	she also helped design some of the first computer reservations system , computer data systems for bank .
39	the afdb has specific mandates from the new partnership for africa 's development ( nepad ) and other international organizations to take the lead amongst financial and development institutions in areas such as infrastructure , regional integration , and bank and financial standards in africa .
39	ftwzs will be fully independent mega-trading hubs integrated with state-of-the-art warehouse and special storage infrastructure , container freight stations , environment friendly equipment , rail sidings for hinterland connectivity , commercial complexes for offices , independent utility stations , bank and insurance corporations added to recreational and eventual residential complex for the ftwz workforce .
25	former headmasters a. s. kamat v. g. bhat g.s. bhat b. g pai headmaster g. s. bhat notable alumni tonse madhav ananth pai , a bank , who received the padma bhushan in 1972 .
27	emma wiik ( josephine bornebusch ) , is an intelligent , loving , and fun girl who moves back home to sweden to start working at a bank after many years in new york .
4	the role of these bank is to study the characteristics and business plans of the firm which is issuing equity and then recommend a minimum purchase price to investors .
7	captain george mainwaring ( ) is the bank manager and home guard company commander portrayed by arthur lowe on the bbc television sitcom dad 's army , set in the fictional seaside town of walmington-on-sea during the second world war .
12	it is named for oliver watson who was the president of a bank in nearby williamsport at the time .
9	he was assigned to the committee on insurance , bank and banking .
25	the bangkok-based startup offers an online comparison service for car insurances and credit cards and is currently partnering with 30 insurance companies , 10 leading bank , and 30 key marketing players in thailand .
14	the banking department is responsible for regulating oklahoma 's banking system , including state-chartered bank , credit unions , savings and loan associations , and trust companies , as well as cemeteries and money order companies .
5	it has more than 100 bank and affiliates and well-developed futures and stock exchange .
36	a tandem computers promotional mug - note that the original mug had two handles original tandem mug with two handles tandem computers , inc. was the dominant manufacturer of fault-tolerant computer systems for atm networks , bank , stock exchange , telephone switching centers , and other similar commercial transaction processing applications requiring maximum uptime and zero data loss .
6	some financial service companies such as bank and credit union may not charge for money orders to their clients .
1	the bank is the leading mortgage lender in the country , with approximately 60 % of all ugandan mortgage accounts .
26	a series of independent businesses can be found in the village : a grocer 's shop , a butcher 's shop , two inn , a bank branch , the postal agency , a hairdresser 's , a concert artists ' agency , a driving school , an agency for a department store business , a haulage company and two distilleries .
16	tucker moved to new york city , where from 1924 until 1934 he worked for several bank and stock brokerages .
3	it had two bank , three cotton gin , and by 1912 had an electric plant , two hotel and an opera house .
20	sir john lindsay eric smith , ch , cbe ( 3 april 1923 28 february 2007 ) was a british bank , conservative member of parliament , and lord lieutenant of berkshire .
5	as a general rule , bank institution numbers start with 0 , 2 , 3 , or 6 , credit union and caisse populaire institution numbers start with 8 , and trust company institution numbers with 5 .
3	) , a bank worker , and wife maria da glória vahia de barros de castro ( 17 march 1905 - aft .
6	a is a type of japan bank .
7	canaccord genuity group inc. is a canadian bank and financial service company that specialises in wealth management and brokerage in capital markets .
13	walter simon ( 30 april 1857 1 april 1920 ) was a german bank , councillor and philanthropist active in königsberg and tübingen .
7	meaning of insolvency most insurance companies and bank would be insolvent if all policy and account holders required payments all at once .
16	account aggregation is a method that involves compiling information from different accounts , which may include bank accounts , credit card accounts , investment accounts , and other consumer or business accounts , into a single place .
4	in this , a bank or lending agency has a collection of accounts of varying value and risk .
28	while the country shifted toward a more market-oriented economy , the vietnamese government still continues to hold a tight rein over major state sectors , such as the bank system , state-owned enterprises and foreign trade .
11	registration and payment registration can be made for payment through local bank or the hongkong post .
1	uk bank do not traditionally play an important role as institutional investors , as they do for instance in germany .
7	the road gradually turns east along the bank of the columbia river , exiting east wenatchee into farmland and passing pangborn memorial airport , the busiest section of the entire route with a daily average of 35,000 vehicles in 2011 .
18	however , despite the efforts , its it infrastructure and system are well behind modern western and regional bank .
19	wachovia corporation the area is the namesake and birthplace of wachovia corporation , one of the world 's largest bank .
22	though as has happened with many towns of a similar size a lot of shops have given way to business such as bank , building societies and travel agents market days are tuesday and saturday .
36	examples some examples of passive income are : any type of property income earnings from a business that does not require direct involvement from the owner or merchant ; rent from property ; interest from a bank account royalties from publishing a book or from licensing a patent or other form of intellectual property , such as computer software product ; earnings from internet advertisements on websites ; dividend and interest income from owning securities , such as stock and bonds , is usually referred to as portfolio income , which may or may not be considered a form of passive income .
40	the old sonderho harbour and the navigational mark kaaver will soon be added to sonderho , see www.sonderhohavn.dk tourism is still the main basis for the existence of the village and because of that , its shops , restaurants , bank and library are able to stay open all year .
11	this ` l-shaped street was formerly the center of the north-west bank industry , it hosts five grade ii listed buildings and is part of the upper king street conservation area .
19	initially he worked in the lace trade , and then , moving to london in 1896 , became a bank , whilst continuing his piano studies with fanny davies and others .
24	residents today find employment in many fields including nearby coal mines ; education ; coal bed methane extraction ; health care ; retailing ; bank ; law firm ; city , county , and state government ; national forest ; home construction ; and a large number of small business ; farming ; and ranch .
6	the postbank was a large dutch bank , which went on to became part of ing group .
30	yitzhak kariv yitzhak kariv ( , born in russia , 1902 -- 1999 ) was the mayor of the israel part of jerusalem from 1952 to 1955 , and a bank .
4	artsakhbank is an armenian bank with headquarters in yerevan .
15	from 1908 until 1918 he was in charge of a real estate department of a bank .
37	main street was the site of an active downtown into the 1970s , with many clothing stores , shoe stores , jewelers , jc penney , kresge's , woolworth's , drug stores , restaurant , theaters and bank .
27	1147 , title viii of the housing and community development act of 1977 , et seq. ) is a united states federal law designed to encourage commercial bank and savings associations to help meet the needs of borrowers in all segments of their communities , including low - and moderate-income neighborhoods .
16	cashier balancing is a process usually conducted in businesses such as grocery store , restaurant and bank that takes place at the closing of the business day or at the end of a cashier 's shift .
21	headquartered in brooklyn , with branch offices in chinatown , manhattan and in chinatown , flushing , this privately held community bank was first established on november 15 , 1999 .
3	its jurisdiction includes bank , credit union , securities firms , payday lender , mortgage-servicing operations , foreclosure relief services , debt collector , other financial companies operating in the united states , and virtual currencies .
10	salomon mayer von rothschild s m von rothschild was a bank enterprise established in 1820 in vienna , austria-hungary by salomon mayer rothschild , the founder of the rothschild banking family of austria and a member of the mayer amschel rothschild family of frankfurt , germany .
2	the central bank of bosnia and herzegovina is found in the city , as are numerous other independent banks .
14	in the private sector , parry is a founding member and chairman of the bank of nevis mutual fund .
6	funds are provided by ngos , bank and financial institutions .
23	real time gross settlement systems ( rtgs ) are specialist funds transfer systems where transfer of money or securities takes place from one bank to another on a '' real time '' and on '' gross '' basis .
5	amenities like educational institution , bank , dispensaries etc. are flourishing in addition to the growing goods market here .
9	these sectors include automotive , aviation & aerospace , bank & financial services , communication , energy & utilities , food & drink , information technology , life sciences , media and sport .
12	a pay car was an official railway car operated as a mobile bank to disburse cash wages to railway employees .
9	when the counterpart of this debt arrangement is a bank , the debtor is more often referred to as a borrower .
4	lenders , such as bank and credit card companies , use credit scores to evaluate the potential risk posed by lending money to consumers and to mitigate losses due to bad debt .
16	noonday creek park is located between hawkins store road and shallowford road , along the eastern bank of noonday creek .
7	it had identified itself as a modern bank offering banking services via the internet , telephone , free-of-charge personalized sms 's , wap , and a network of branches .
47	recent developments include an expansion of west 41st street into four lanes between south 57th w. avenue to sh-97 in prattville , oklahoma ( sand springs ) , and construction of several new commercial buildings including a tulsa community college campus , national guard facility , a bank , and a carwash .
9	some auctions in the united states are used by bank , the irs , and other government agencies to sell vehicles that were repossessed for failure to make monthly payments or pay taxes , or were seized by the fbi , dea , or the police .
10	general price had established his headquarters in lexington in a bank building at 926 main street on september 18 , 1861 , located across the street from the lafayette county courthouse .
9	for example , if waves pass over a sloping bank which is shallower at one end than the other , then the shoaling effect will result in the waves slowing more at the shallow end .
31	unlike most microcredit or person-to-person lending organizations , united prosperity does not directly lend to the micro-entrepreneur , but instead the micro-loans are used to provide a guarantee to a local bank , which lends to the micro-entrepreneur .
49	headquartered in los angeles , with branch offices in arcadia , alhambra , century city , los angeles , california , diamond bar , california , city of industry , california , anaheim , pico rivera , california , irvine and torrance , california , this publicly held community bank was first established on december 23 , 1991 .
1	the bank neighbouring the cutlers ' hall are in a similar style .
8	the wells fargo building is an office / bank building in englewood , colorado .
9	esbank ( eskişehir bankası ) was a turkish private bank .
9	he became a legal advisor for a state owned bank .
2	mechanism u.s. bank and thrift institution are obligated by law to maintain certain levels of reserves , either as reserves with the fed or as vault cash .
17	the player has to navigate through his apartment , a high-rent district , outside and inside the bank , the local park , inside the local prison ( complete with enemies wearing stereotypical striped prison uniforms ) , and finally through a ritzy nightclub to fight his evil arch nemesis , dorian ( who is also wearing the mask ) .
34	street sellers also lived in the old nichol , which was ideally situated just outside the city of london boundaries , a 15-minute walk from liverpool street station and a 25-minute walk from the bank , mansion house , and guildhall .
21	economy hoddesdon high street has many shops , including fast food outlets , pubs , estate agents , charity shops , bank , travel agents , a bookshop and a library .
15	the original building survives to this day , but was recently made redundant as a bank and is now a subway fast food restaurant .
5	bnp paribas is a french bank and financial services company with headquarters in paris , and a global headquarters in london .
6	this included traders who worked at bank , hedge funds , exchange floors , proprietry trading companies , independent firms , private offices , insurance companies , asset management firms , energy firms , and other trading locales .
24	headquartered in rowland heights , california , with branch offices in arcadia , irvine , and san gabriel , california , this privately held bank was first established on october 13 , 2005 .
4	ardshininvestbank is an armenian bank with headquarters in yerevan .
6	nedbank is one of the largest bank in south africa ; however , it is one of the newest banks to be incorporated .
51	it now houses student and faculty dining facilities , food courts , deans' offices , the military science ( rotc ) department , the women 's center , the center for academic success , office of multicultural affairs , the rainbow room ( lgbt qia programs and outreach ) , a bank office , and conference facilities .
46	in 1774 he returned to vienna , married caecilie ( zipperche ) itzig ( 1760 -- 1836 ) , a daughter of daniel itzig of berlin , and joined in partnership and entered the business of his brother-in-law nathan arnstein , with whom he established the bank - house of arnstein and eskeles , which came into great prominence during the congress of vienna .
6	geography erhai , viewed from its bank erhai is situated at above sea level .
25	while continuing his military career hammond lived in eugene , and worked as a deputy sheriff , real estate broker , and officer of the bank of commerce .
10	banque internationale du bénin ( b.i.b.e. ) is a national bank of benin .
1	some bank and insurance companies use contamination control products as part of their disaster management protocols .
36	graduates of insea are expected to play a strategic role at various stages of the process of economic and social development , pursuing careers in the public sector , local communities and the private sector : bank companies ' insurance and large companies and national multinational .
7	customers can conduct money transfers and other bank activities via mobile phone , as well as easily gain wireless internet access .
23	the hypo real estate holding ag is a holding company based in munich , germany which comprises a number of real estate financing bank .
5	slater walker was a british bank that got into financial difficulties in the 1970s and shook the british banking system at the time .
7	integra financial was a pittsburgh - based bank that was eventually acquired by national city corp . in may 1996 as one of national city 's first attempts at becoming a major powerhouse in american banking .
17	the woolwich equitable building society demutualised in 1997 , giving up its mutual status to become a bank : woolwich plc was formed , giving shares to investing and borrowing members of the society , and listing on the london stock exchange .
18	we find out at the end of the trailer that the buildings are in fact dangerous when a bank rises up off the ground and is revealed to be a monster .
18	from 2006 to 2008 , duran took out 68 commercial and personal loans from a total of 39 bank with no guarantees or property as collateral .
23	she was self-employed in restaurant development and as an insurance agent , owned a printing and office supply store , and was a bank officer .
7	article 104 : hold the magnetic card bank account on benefits , or pension income of the elderly as well as other documents for the purpose of ensuring receipt or recovery of debt .
3	a hospital , bank , post office , barber , tailor shop , a workshop serve the utilities for the cadets .
6	he was a director of city bank and trust company in natchitoches for twenty-eight years .
32	the language is an internal language for the national financial computer services , inc ( later broadway & seymour ) bancstar application , which is software to automate the operations of a bank branch .
31	capital city is a television series which focused on the professional and personal lives of a group of investment banker working in the dealing room at shane-longman , a fictional international bank based in the city of london .
20	vadym petrovych hetman ( ; july 12 , 1935 -- april 22 , 1998 ) was a ukrainian statesman and bank .
1	the bank is also a major participant in the securities market and the foreign currency market in kazakhstan .
15	sir derek wanless ( 29 september 1947 22 may 2012 ) was a former english bank and a former adviser to the labor party .
9	legislative career committee assignments as of 2012 : aging bank corporations , authorities , and commissions governmental employees ( ranking minority member ) transport she has made the rights of senior citizens a hallmark of her tenure and has successfully fought to keep senior centers in brooklyn and staten island from being closed .
3	key industries include bank , electronics , and ceramic .
27	during its heyday , meadowlands was home to a number of businesses including a ford dealership ( which also carried new holland farm machinery ) , a bank , a farmer 's cooperative store , a grocery store , a commercial laundry , a cheese factory , various restaurants , a movie theater and the toivola -- meadowlands school , a k -- 12 institution .
1	private bank and governments across the world followed gresham 's law : keeping the gold and silver they received , but paying out in notes .
7	other id cards most of the swedish bank can issue identity cards for their customers , but have generally stopped doing so .
25	the company is focused on product strategy and has developed projects to companies belonging to various industry sectors ( airlines , public transport operators , bank , telecommunication providers , medical companies , home appliances manufacturers and others ) .
6	vittorio emanuele has worked as a bank and an aircraft salesman , and then an arms dealer .
11	riparian plants , such as populus fremontii , flank the creek bank .
20	the dining area was moved from the basement to street level in a space that was previously occupied by a bank , but had lain vacant for several years .
7	campus facilities canteen transport audio visual facility bank music room water coolers with purified drinking water adequate parking space for two wheelers and cars common rooms for girls medical room with first aid facility sports the campus has a huge playground , and an indoor basketball stadium .
18	he ran for governor in 1978 , finishing third in the democratic primary , behind flamboyant east tennessee bank jake butcher and then - public service commissioner bob clement .
8	at the time , it sat on the bank of the singapore river , close to a small islet called pulau saigon .
22	the most traditional and familiar forms of external financing is to seek capital from venture capital firms , angel investors or even bank .
1	the bank is located in banjul and was established in 1971 .
7	p/b ratios are commonly used to compare bank , because most assets and liabilities of banks are constantly valued at market values .
17	this technical document is of significant interest to mobile network operator , application service providers such as bank , mobile payment , mobile tv , and trusted service managers .
11	he has also led campaigns to reform insurers , politicians , bank , oil companies , and utilities .
21	if savings are stashed in or under a mattress , or otherwise not deposited into a financial intermediary such as a bank , there is no chance for those savings to be recycled as investment by business .
5	originally this building housed a bank .
7	the following is the list of notable bank in pakistan .
23	the law applies to any person who , in the ordinary course of business , regularly participates in a credit decision , including bank , retailer , bankcard companies , finance companies , and credit union .
12	indymac , a contraction of independent national mortgage corporation was an american bank based in california that failed in 2008 and was seized by the united states federal deposit insurance corporation ( fdic ) .
9	there is also a wide variety of bar and bank .
4	he opened the first bank and initiated the county 's public school system .
6	services eighty percent of all commercial bank and credit unions in the united states use chexsystems as a step in the consumer checking or savings account application process .
8	this fee may vary , depending on the bank 's policies .
7	donner & reuschel aktiengesellschaft is a german bank organised as a limited company ( aktiengesellschaft ) and headquartered in hamburg .
43	macella - the word traces its origins back to the ancient roman empire , where moneylenders would set up their stalls in the middle of enclosed courtyards called macella on a long bench called a bancu , from which the words banco and bank are derived .
18	it is traversed by the brussels-charleroi canal , and the steelmaking forges of clabecq are situated on its bank .
29	the financial district of a city is the specific area of either a larger cbd or downtown or separate zone and would typically house a stock exchange or several bank headquarters .
12	some of these include three restaurants , a grocery store , a bank , a hardware store , a garage , an ice cream stand , a bar , and a doctor 's office .
21	also , lack of funds increases development risks and decreases the likelihood of attracting capital investors or securing loans from private bank .
6	chorostecki 's father worked in a bank and her mother was a french teacher .
8	banq is a french spelling of the word bank , but pronounced the same way .
25	the underdog hero : the most common hero of canadian literature , an ordinary person who must overcome challenges from a large corporation , a bank , a rich tycoon , a government , a natural disaster , and so on .
2	targets included bank , embassies , the miss world event in 1970 ( or rather a bbc outside broadcast vehicle earmarked for use in the bbc 's coverage ) and the homes of conservative mp .
15	automated cash handling is the process of dispensing , counting and tracking cash in a bank , retail , check cashing , payday loan / advance , casino or other business environment through specially designed hardware and software for the purposes of loss prevention , theft deterrence and reducing management time for oversight of cash drawer ( till ) operations .
15	use of efaktura require the customer to use an online banking system from a norwegian bank .
10	using forward contracts enables arbitrageurs such as individual investors or bank to make use of the forward premium ( or discount ) to earn a riskless profit from discrepancies between two countries ' interest rates .
15	direct loans are made and serviced by usda staff ; loan guarantees are made to bank or other private lenders , and grants are made directly to a person or organization .
12	he was the chairman of the board of directors of planter 's bank and trust company .
4	financial agencies such as bank and credit bureaus are starting to require verification of data that identity thieves can not easily obtain .
8	midwest federal savings and loan was an american bank headquartered in minneapolis , minnesota .
27	in 2003 , the government canceled a law that criminalized private sector use of foreign currencies , and in 2005 it issued legislation that allowed licensed private bank to sell specific amounts of foreign currency to syrian citizens under certain circumstances and to the private sector to finance imports .
17	with tensions mounting between bangui and paris as a result of bokassa 's uncontrollable expenditures , western bank refused to lend him any more money .
18	following his retirement as a player , he managed in the minor leagues , and later entered the bank field .
6	this is a list of commercial bank in mauritius .
0	bank and other financial institutions issue these bonds to satisfy regulatory demands regarding capital requirement , specifically under the basel accords .
8	the major keiretsu were each centered around one bank , which lent money to the keiretsu member companies and held equity positions in the companies .
2	terminal processing bank or agents connected to terminal processing of leader system can accept payments for various providers .
42	castleton has a local school , church , chapel and two public house , the downe arms and the eskdale , as well as a small co-op supermarket , two village shop , post office , petrol station , tea room , bank , hair salon , public toilets and an art gallery .
33	upon passing in a non-stop lane at a toll , a dsrc tag attached to the vehicle 's windshield transmits its identifier and the toll amount is debited directly from the client 's bank account .
22	the banco do brasil headquarters in brasília , brazil banco do brasil s.a. ( ) is the largest brazil and latin america bank by asset , and the third by market value .
23	history this institution , the founding entities of which were caja de burgos , cajacanarias and caja navarra , was incorporated as a bank by means of notarial instrument issued on 9 june 2010 .
12	during the black hills expedition , several wagons became stuck at a bank .
8	the gallery includes a jail , hotel , bank , and cemetery with targets which are animated when shot .
26	in layman 's terms , this is when the seller in a transaction offers the buyer a loan rather than the buyer obtaining one from a bank .
5	gjensidige nor was a norwegian bank and insurance company that was in existence between 1999 and 2003 .
13	sungei serangoon , with rivervale neighborhood of sengkang new town on its west bank in the background .
20	the latest time for the exchange of files on any working day is 4 p.m. local time of the receiving bank for next-day execution .
6	the village also has a commercial bank , an insurance company and a cashomat .
20	an origination fee , or activation fee , is a payment associated with the establishment of an account with a bank , broker or other company providing services handling the processing associated with taking out a loan .
7	bradford & bingley plc was a british bank with headquarters in the west yorkshire town of bingley .
3	this was a bank that was established in , and operated in , carmarthenshire during the 19th century .
9	during the year 1990 , ronnie leibowitz robbed 21 bank branches , mostly in the tel aviv area , by using a motorcycle ( an italian moto guzzi ) to enter and escape banks , and then hiding the motorcycle in a truck readied for that purpose in advance .
12	john cunliffe pickersgill-cunliffe ( 1819 6 october 1873 ) was a british bank , who briefly served as member of parliament for bewdley in 1869 , representing the conservative party .
12	in addition to government and academia , economists are also employed in bank , finance , accountancy , commerce , marketing , business administration , lobbying and non - or not-for profit organizations .
12	investment and banking the united states leads north america in investment and bank .
2	the first bank opened in 1873 , and another one followed in 1905 .
6	this sets a framework on how bank and depository institution must calculate their capital .
9	the investor will then present a case to the bank holding the mortgage , that the seller is no longer able to make payments , is having to relinquish control of the property and that the loan on the property must be reduced in order for the investor to purchase the property .
1	all bank had to undergo a federal inspection to deem if they were stable enough to re-open .
10	the building includes a police station , fire station , bank , and a local branch of the council for a beautiful israel that is planned to be an educational center for environmental studies .
44	notable student projects in 2014 , a 4 member team from the department of computer science and engineering developed a platform independent , secure and optimised identity service under the uidai at fino paytech used to simplify and enhance security in various institutions like bank , hospitals , hotels and insurance companies .
9	banca popolare di lecco ( bpl ) was a bank that operated in lecco , in northern lombardy in italy between 1872 and 1993 .
6	banking a drive-through shared by a bank and a coffee shop .
8	its construction led to enormous debt to european bank , and caused popular discontent because of the onerous tax it required .
5	chief economists work primarily in bank and government institutions .
5	pinnacle financial partners is a bank headquartered in nashville , tennessee operating in middle and east tennessee .
6	this article is about the defunct bank based in dallas , texas .
7	the rest was to come from a bank loan .
2	a branch bank was also operating in the town by the 1880s .
8	as of december 2009 , there is no bank on the ugandan side of the border .
11	they are used by companies with large mail programs such as bank and direct mail companies .
4	its clients consist of bank , financial service providers and insurance companies .
19	there are , however , practical guidelines in place which aim to ensure that the murâbaḥah transaction between the bank and the customer is one based on trade and not merely a financing transaction .
11	this trade is thought generally to be the origin of modern bank in europe .
23	from then it remained a '' free form '' financial association until in 1984 it was converted into a cooperative owned mostly by bank , trader , other companies and associations .
11	houses built along the main road that leads to the river bank .
13	it is revealed that the window bab looked at was that of a bank .
26	life and work early life and studies ( 1919 to 1924 ) karl-günther heimsoth was born in charlottenburg , the son of a court clerk and bank director .
15	sellers of credit default swaps receive regular payments from the buyers , which are usually bank or hedge fund .
4	he works as a bank manager .
76	bridges there are several major bridges across the shing mun river : banyan bridge ( 翠榕橋 ) on fo tan road dragon bridge ( 錦龍橋 ) on sha tin road lion bridge ( 獅子橋 ) on lion rock tunnel road sandmartin bridge ( 沙燕橋 ) on sha tin rural committee road lek yuen bridge - a pedestrian bridge across the river channel pollution problem many buildings , including industrial and residential buildings , located at the bank of shing mun river .
15	it includes : selling stock , bonds , mutual funds shares and also interest from bank deposits .
7	a teller is an employee of a bank who deals directly with most customers .
12	mayer amschel rothschild returns from hanover , where he was an apprentice bank , to make his fortune in his home town .
37	, uba uganda 's total assets were valued at about us$ 50 million ( ugx : 122 billion ) , with shareholders ' equity of about us$ 17.1 million ( ngn : 2.72 billion ) history the bank commenced operations in may 2008 , starting with the opening of the main branch on jinja road , in kampala , uganda 's capital and largest city .
7	with river street getting built out , bank began taking advantage of the street plan and locating on first street , previously a residential area .
11	until recently , the j.d. read memorial building housed entwistle 's bank , post office , and public library and it is currently home to a newly expanded post office and a travel agency .
16	the federal home loan banks ( fhlbanks , or fhlbank system ) are 12 u.s. government-sponsored bank that provide stable , on-demand , low-cost funding to american financial institutions ( not individuals ) for home mortgage loan , small business , rural , agricultural , and economic development lending .
7	operational structure nps utilizes the network of bank branches and post office to collect contributions and ensure that there is a seamless transfer of accumulations in case of change of employment and/or location of the subscriber .
20	non-bank financial companies ( nbfcs ) are financial institution that provide banking services without meeting the legal definition of a bank , i.e. one that does not hold a banking license .
32	the 1975-90 lebanese civil war seriously damaged lebanon 's economic infrastructure , cut national output by half , and had major consequences for lebanon 's position as a middle east entrepot and bank hub .
5	29west 's primary customers are bank , trading firms , and exchanges .
12	( 9 october 1833 - 25 september 1903 ) was a german bank and industrialist .
6	sumption sold his interest in the bank in 1971 .
13	financing activities financing activities include the inflow of cash from investor such as bank and shareholder , as well as the outflow of cash to shareholders as dividend as the company generates income .
22	since there were many types of confederate notes as well as notes issued by the states of the confederacy , and since bank could issue their own notes , counterfeit was a major problem for the confederacy .
1	commercial bank , credit non-bank organizations , leasing companies often act as a lessor .
7	he is the golf ambassador for uk bank northern rock .
0	bank and other deposit institutions , insurance companies , railroad , and certain other financial institutions and entities regulated by the federal and state governments can not be a debtor under the bankruptcy code .
3	private banking is bank , investment and other financial services provided by banks to private individuals who enjoy high levels of income or invest sizable assets .
11	the company is headquartered in harlem , new york . the bank takes deposits , which it principally lends in the form of mortgage loans for purchase or refinance of residential and commercial properties , and for construction or renovation of commercial properties and residential housing developments .
3	financial businesses include bank and other companies that generate profits through investment and management of the capital .
40	the three-ball symbol is attributed to the medici family of florence , italy , because of its symbolic meaning of lombard , referring to the italian province of lombardy , where pawn shop banking originated under the name of lombard bank .
11	afterwards he removed to new york city where he worked in bank , ran a lottery , and became involved in local politics .
15	baker 's doctor can find no cure , so baker decides he will call his bank for the million dollars .
12	'' the word '' dixie '' refers to privately issued currency from bank in louisiana .
7	research krahnen 's research interests focus on bank , financial intermediaries , credit management and credit markets .
26	it started in 1968 as the '' inter-bank computer bureau , '' intended to improve the existing clearing system by using electronic transfer of funds between bank , avoiding the need for paper documents .
11	credit lyonnais headquarters in paris crédit lyonnais is a historic french bank .
9	the company was the only one apart from the bank that was licensed to conduct currency exchange in sweden .
11	the ban in shopping centres , department store , supermarket , bank , game arcades has been in place since july 1998 .
20	the rule targets any remittance institution defined as consumer-to-consumer transfers of low monetary value , made via money transmitters , bank or credit union , through wire transfer or automated clearing house ( ach ) transactions , to businesses as well as to individuals in foreign countries .
5	bankatlantic , was a us bank that operated in the state of florida until it was acquired in 2012 by bb & t corporation .
4	the slogan of the bank is : '' to put the area 's resources to work locally '' .
24	as a fast developing city and a major industrial and commercial hub in africa , nnewi experiences voluminous financial activities , therefore hosts major bank , and other financial institutions .
10	other services offered at some supermarkets may include those of bank , cafés , childcare centres/creches , photo processing , video rental , pharmacies and/or petrol station .
9	when ibbl was established , it was the first bank in south-east asia to provide banking service based on shariah .
2	if the bank feel that a smaller project is viable and decide to lend the money at an acceptable cost of finance then the projects will go ahead ( subject to planning and other approvals ) .
4	it was a retail bank that acquired many community banks .
9	the city-owned arena sold naming rights to dutch cooperative bank rabobank to be effective february 14 , 2005 , lasting through 2015 .
4	he is a former bank director and hospital board member .
9	military administrative regions , the divisions of some major bank , and civilian aviation districts are still divided in the same form as the greater administrative areas .
15	the flagship of esfg is the banco espírito santo ( bes ) , a full-service bank based in lisbon .
4	he also became a bank and was very successful .
22	with over of tunnels spread over more than , connected areas include shopping malls , apartment buildings , hotels , condominiums , bank , offices , museums , universities , seven metro stations , two commuter train stations , a regional bus terminal and the bell centre amphitheatre and arena .
6	in 1932 , when the family bank in fairlie closed , the carrs moved to lubbock just in time for carr to graduate from lubbock high school in 1936 .
13	) in a few episodes it was also said that drucker operated a bank ; this proved to be merely a cash box kept under a counter in his store .
6	from 1933 until 2011 it prohibited bank from paying interest on demand deposit in accordance with section 11 of the glass–steagall act ( formally the banking act of 1933 ) .
6	zao raiffeisenbank ( ) is a bank in russia .
15	history over the past several decades ( leading up to 2005 ) , organizations ( bank , governments , schools , manufacturers and others ) have increased their reliance more on '' open systems '' and less on '' closed systems '' .
11	in the 1790s , a race track , printing press , bank and coffee room all opened , and cardiff gained a stagecoach service to london .
8	types of financial intermediaries financial intermediaries include : bank building societies credit union financial adviser or broker insurance companies collective investment scheme pension fund summary and conclusion financial institutions ( intermediaries ) perform the vital role of bringing together those economic agents with surplus funds who want to lend , with those with a shortage of funds who want to borrow .
4	fellesbanken was a norwegian bank that existed between 1920 and 1985 with offices in oslo , norway .
17	in his autobiographical volume spadework , woolley noted that it was found whilst he was at the bank in corbridge collecting the workers ' wages , and that when they revealed their discovery to him upon his return , the man who excavated it commented '' when i first saw that there lion he had a blooming orange in ` is mouth !
15	banking business process outsourcing or banking bpo is a highly specialized sourcing strategy used by bank and lending institutions to support the business acquisition and account servicing activities associated with the customer lending lifecycle .
18	kredobank office in simferopol pjsc '' kredobank '' ( ukrainian : пат '' кредобанк '' ) is the bank with the largest polish investment in banking institution in ukraine .
7	when the treasuries fluctuated in value , bank had to recall loan or borrow from other banks or clearinghouse .
1	many bank started operating since 2002 , catering to the growing population of this suburb like sbi etc. are located here .
15	by 2009 , there were over us$ 822 billion assets being managed in over 300 bank and 250 mutual fund around the world complying with islamic principles and as of 2014 total assets of around $ 2 trillion were sharia-compliant .
18	willem traded in precious metals and during the course of the 19th century and the scheurleer & zoonen bank grew in size and respectability , eventually having in excess of 140 employees .
13	the government has used tax payer 's money to buy shares in the bank , making them part nationalised .
8	banco de crédito del perú is a peru bank , and the largest in the country .
6	this is a list of commercial bank in togo .
13	citibank australia was opened in 1985 and was one of the first foreign bank to be granted a banking license in australia , besides being one of the largest international banks in the country .
20	it also features a 93-bed hotel , 700-space car park , shopping mall of 800 shops , 500-seat canteen , bank , medical center , postal office , and waiting and vip rooms .
23	eli landa , born 21 march 1984 in sandnes , norway , but now living in stavanger , is a norwegian model , bank employee and teacher student at the university of stavanger who was crowned frøken norge universe 2009 ( miss norway universe 2009 ) on 28 march 2009 .
0	bank , telephone service companies , internet service providers , pay tv companies , insurance firms , and alarm monitoring services , often use customer attrition analysis and customer attrition rates as one of their key business metrics ( along with cash flow , ebitda , etc. ) because the cost of retaining an existing customer is far less than acquiring a new one .
14	banque nationale agricole 's headquarters banque nationale agricole ( bna ) is a state-controlled bank in tunisia .
5	these branches provide cash to bank , savings and loan , and other depository institutions ; transfer money electronically ; and clear millions of check .
4	it was the first bank to be established in nigeria without government or foreign support .
8	credit unions see themselves as different from mainstream bank , with a mission to be '' community-oriented '' and '' serve people , not profit '' .
8	the gondi stemmed from a family of florentine bank established at lyon in the first years of the sixteenth century , who had arrived at the court of france in 1543 in the train of catherine de ' medici .
5	baltimore grand is a historic bank building located at baltimore , maryland , united states .
4	this discouraged the major bank and oil companies from investing in arabian oil ventures .
22	his most recent book , a world of chance argues that at one time gambling fulfilled roles performed by venture capital and bank do today , and that modern financial institutions retain a strong gambling core .
13	investments are often made indirectly through intermediaries , such as pension funds , bank , brokers , and insurance companies .
17	one common misconception in the united states is that vehicles that are financed on credit through a bank or credit union are required to have '' full '' coverage in order for the financial institution to cover their losses in case of an accident .
9	there also used to be a shop , a bank and a post office .
3	occupying a former bank , the store regularly stocks cds , vinyl records , and audio cassettes , both new and used .
9	most credit cards are issued by or through local bank or credit union , but some non-bank financial institutions also offer cards directly to the public .
26	'' accounting for this hoarding in the context of hoarded money 's inability to contribute to the growth of a capitalist society , marx states that bank are the relief to this problem : part two : the transformation of money into capital in part ii of volume i of capital , karl marx explains the three components necessary to create capital through the process of circulation : the first section of part ii , chapter 4 , explains the general formula for capital ; chapter 5 delves further by explaining the contradictions of the general formula ; and the last section of part ii , chapter 6 , describes the sale and purchase of labor power within the general formula .
20	'' qualified dividend '' includes most income from non-foreign corporations , real estate investment trust , and credit union and bank '' dividends '' that are nominally interest .
6	its products are primarily used by bank and casino for counting and sorting money .
22	at that time , sbu also had the largest branch network in the country , accounting for about 18 % of the bank branches in uganda .
7	bmci ( acronym in ) is a bank based in morocco .
19	a transit check or not on-us check is a negotiable item ( check ) which is drawn on another bank than that at which it is presented for payment .
10	they featured a mini-mall , food court , arcade , bank , and other kiosk operations .
21	in addition to the hicks-cobb general store , medicine mound in its heyday had the w.w. cole building , a combination bank , drugstore , gasoline station ( with rusty pumps remaining ) , and post office , a laundry ( specifically , new york steam laundry ) , a school , and a church .
31	aengevelt immobilien according to the real estate finance intelligence report europe ( refire ) in 2010 aengevelt was ranked first place ahead of engel & völkers and bw baden - württembergische bank and were listed for having the highest level of client support and .
18	the house itself is a three - bay stone building , one-and-a-half stories tall , located on the bank of the licking river .
6	the existence of usury capital , bank capital , rentier capital and merchant capital historically precedes capitalist industry .
8	these taxes include cigarette excise , estate , bank franchise , ore , energy mineral severance , coin operated laundromat license fees , beer , wine and distilled spirits , gaming excise , beer and liquor license fees , and alcohol beverage brand registration fees .
9	citizens financial group , inc. is a british-owned american bank headquartered in providence , rhode island , which operates in the states of connecticut , delaware , illinois , massachusetts , michigan , new hampshire , new jersey , new york , ohio , pennsylvania , rhode island and vermont .
24	should the buyer fail to pay the loan under the mortgage loan agreement , the ownership of the real estate is transferred to the bank .
8	after his college career , he entered the bank business , before he died from diabetes at age 31 .
30	in early 1914 tonchev , assisted by the german and austro-hungarian representatives in sofia , gustav michahelles and count adam tarnowski von tarnow , opened negotiations with the german disconto-gesellschaft bank .
34	avalon is a suburb of lower hutt in new zealand , formed as a private residential development in the 1970s on land formerly occupied by market - garden on the left ( eastern ) bank of the hutt river .
8	gibraltar savings and loan association was an american bank operating in california , washington , and florida .
15	the bubble burst on may 10 , 1837 in new york city , when every bank stopped payment in gold and silver coin .
18	wild orangutans near bukit lawang jungle near bukit lawang bukit lawang is a small tourist village at the bank of bahorok river in north sumatra province of indonesia .
10	the building will serve as the new headquarters of unicredit bank .
16	before entering politics , she worked as a nurse and as a finance officer at a bank .
4	meanwhile , competition between bank and loan sharks is getting tense and a war over money threatens to erupt .
11	banque de l'habitat 's headquarters banque de l'habitat is a state-controlled bank in tunisia .
17	there are three high school in kauguri , a number of kindergarten , as well as a bank , insurance agency , and travel agency .
48	second term in the assembly he was elected again in 1864 as a national union candidate , to a district which now encompassed clark and jackson counties , succeeding calvin r. johnson ( also a national union candidate ) , and was assigned to the standing committee on bank and banking , and on school and university lands .
8	their goal is to reduce damages that the bank are causing to the public by legislation .
4	it is the only bank targeting the latino community in san diego county .
5	faced with resistance from many bank which insisted that families vacate their homes in order to have their short sales approved , ahp changed their strategy in early 2011 .
28	since 1996 , the commissioners of dobi have been : division of banking the division of banking licenses and regulates all state-chartered financial institutions , currently numbering 88 bank and 19 credit unions .
26	within the financial service cluster , there were three major sectors : more than 60 percent were in the securities industry ; 20 percent were in bank ; and 8 percent in insurance .
14	his enterprises were invested in his plantations , palm oil and sugar factories , bank and railroad .
34	eternal university exists in a campus containing a university , a number of professional colleges , an international akal academy , a multi-specialty charitable hospital , a gurudwara , a post office , a bank , and a fuel station .
66	philippine welser , a member of the patrician welser banking family , and the wife of ferdinand ii , archduke of austria jakob fugger , of the fugger family johann hinrich gossler ( 1738 -- 90 ) , of the berenberg-gossler family banking families are families which have been involved in banking for multiple generations , in the modern era generally as owners or co-owners of bank , often named for their families .
1	many bank started operating since 2002 , catering to the growing population of this suburb , like sbi etc. .
1	the bank is highly regarded internationally , and has received a number of awards , from organizations such as the banker , global finance , the asian banker and euromoney .
7	many institutions , such as hospital , bank and , in the united states , the internal revenue service , require a power of attorney to be in writing before they will honor it , and they will usually keep an original copy for their records .
5	financial and industrial relations german bank have a much larger role in shaping the industrial sector than those in other western countries .
4	he worked in a bank before joining the lapd , has a few college credits earned , but sought a job with higher status and better pay .
16	the colony specifically issued an appeal for a '' good country newspaper , hardware store , bank , as well as farmers and other '' industrious people .
7	the most common examples of this are bank and insurance companies .
6	filipinos in malaysia work in the bank , construction , engineering , medical , and tourism sectors , as well as being employed as domestic worker .
21	acette provides technology strategy consulting services , enterprise application integration services , information technology enabled services and value-added reseller services to bank and other financial services companies , industrial companies , trading houses and government organizations in asia , and africa .
9	money can be loaded into the account from a bank , credit/debit card or via many other methods including giropay , ideal , ukash , direct e-banking or poli .
26	james addison baker , sr. ( aka captain james a. baker ; january 10 , 1857 august 2 , 1941 ) was an american attorney and bank in houston , texas .
19	the village , also called brekkebygda , has a school , shop , gas station , post office , bank , sports fields , and brekken church .
14	these entities deal in cash , bullion and financial transactions , and include : bank and similar financial institutions such as building societies .