11	he has also led campaigns to reform insurers , politicians , bank , oil companies , and utilities .
26	additionally , the farm is considered a holon which is inpart connected to other holons such as the county in which the farm resides , the bank from which the farmer borrowed money , or the grain elevator where the farmer can sell goods .
6	a is a type of japan bank .
3	it had two bank , three cotton gin , and by 1912 had an electric plant , two hotel and an opera house .
1	the bank was created as a merger between sparebanken abc and four other regional savings banks .
6	zao raiffeisenbank ( ) is a bank in russia .
22	the most traditional and familiar forms of external financing is to seek capital from venture capital firms , angel investors or even bank .
13	repo assets are bought by creating depository institution liabilities and directed to the bank the primary dealer uses when they sell into the open market .
42	castleton has a local school , church , chapel and two public house , the downe arms and the eskdale , as well as a small co-op supermarket , two village shop , post office , petrol station , tea room , bank , hair salon , public toilets and an art gallery .
5	chief economists work primarily in bank and government institutions .
11	until recently , the j.d. read memorial building housed entwistle 's bank , post office , and public library and it is currently home to a newly expanded post office and a travel agency .
13	financing activities financing activities include the inflow of cash from investor such as bank and shareholder , as well as the outflow of cash to shareholders as dividend as the company generates income .
6	this is a list of commercial bank in mauritius .
8	he promoted '' city autonomy with a central bank , laws guided by eschatological principles from scriptures , and a constitution based on the u. n. declaration of human rights .
8	banco de crédito del perú is a peru bank , and the largest in the country .
2	a branch bank was also operating in the town by the 1880s .
27	financial services are the economic services provided by the finance industry , which encompasses a broad range of organizations that manage money , including credit union , bank , credit card companies , insurance companies , accountancy companies , consumer finance companies , stock brokerages , investment funds , real estate funds and some government sponsored enterprise .
30	in early 1914 tonchev , assisted by the german and austro-hungarian representatives in sofia , gustav michahelles and count adam tarnowski von tarnow , opened negotiations with the german disconto-gesellschaft bank .
12	( 9 october 1833 - 25 september 1903 ) was a german bank and industrialist .
16	cashier balancing is a process usually conducted in businesses such as grocery store , restaurant and bank that takes place at the closing of the business day or at the end of a cashier 's shift .
17	national trust and savings association , abbreviated nt & sa , is a designation used by national bank in the united states to denote their national charter .
1	many bank started operating since 2002 , catering to the growing population of this suburb like sbi etc. are located here .
8	carver is the largest publicly traded african-american operated bank in the united states , with approximately $ 650 million in assets , 135 employees and ten full service branches in the new york city boroughs of brooklyn , manhattan and queens .
39	there can also be non-political governors : high-ranking officials in private or similar governance such as commercial and non-profit management , styled governor ( s ) , who simply govern an institution , such as a corporation or a bank .
6	this is a common setup in bank and post office .
8	as of december 2009 , there is no bank on the ugandan side of the border .
22	his most recent book , a world of chance argues that at one time gambling fulfilled roles performed by venture capital and bank do today , and that modern financial institutions retain a strong gambling core .
20	bankers ' bonuses are traditionally paid or awarded to some workers in the finance industry at the end of the bank 's financial year .
13	sungei serangoon , with rivervale neighborhood of sengkang new town on its west bank in the background .
17	the woolwich equitable building society demutualised in 1997 , giving up its mutual status to become a bank : woolwich plc was formed , giving shares to investing and borrowing members of the society , and listing on the london stock exchange .
1	the bank is highly regarded internationally , and has received a number of awards , from organizations such as the banker , global finance , the asian banker and euromoney .
1	commercial bank , credit non-bank organizations , leasing companies often act as a lessor .
15	from 1908 until 1918 he was in charge of a real estate department of a bank .
24	later goi disinvested 16.92 % of the paid up capital in favor of unit trust of india , mutual fund , insurance companies and bank on 19 may 1992 , thereby reducing its holding to 67.7 % .
32	headquarters of eurohypo in eschborn building of the former preußische central-bodenkredit-ag , unter den linden 26 , in berlin-mitte hypothekenbank frankfurt ag , previously eurohypo ag , is a european real estate bank based in eschborn , frankfurt .
29	the financial district of a city is the specific area of either a larger cbd or downtown or separate zone and would typically house a stock exchange or several bank headquarters .
19	initially he worked in the lace trade , and then , moving to london in 1896 , became a bank , whilst continuing his piano studies with fanny davies and others .
18	the house itself is a three - bay stone building , one-and-a-half stories tall , located on the bank of the licking river .
8	the wells fargo building is an office / bank building in englewood , colorado .
16	sovrompetrol was followed by sovromtransport and tars ( transportation ) , and later by sovrombanc ( bank and commercial monopoly ) , sovromlemn ( wood processing ) , sovromgaz ( natural gas ) , sovromasigurare ( insurance ) , sovromcărbune ( coal exploitation in the jiu valley and other areas ) , sovromchim ( chemical industry ) , sovromconstrucţii ( construction materials ) , sovrommetal ( iron extraction around reşiţa ) , sovromtractor ( future tractorul , in braşov ) , sovromfilm ( importing soviet cinema productions ) , sovrom utilaj petrolier ( producing oil refining equipment ) and sovromnaval ( shipbuilding in constanţa , giurgiu , and brăila ) .
7	this is a list of the largest bank in the united states by total asset as of december 31 , 2013 .
35	quill pens were standard in europe and the united states up through the 18th and 19th centuries , and are still used in various contexts , such as calligraphy and formal settings such as major bank transactions .
27	in 2003 , the government canceled a law that criminalized private sector use of foreign currencies , and in 2005 it issued legislation that allowed licensed private bank to sell specific amounts of foreign currency to syrian citizens under certain circumstances and to the private sector to finance imports .
19	the village , also called brekkebygda , has a school , shop , gas station , post office , bank , sports fields , and brekken church .
17	with tensions mounting between bangui and paris as a result of bokassa 's uncontrollable expenditures , western bank refused to lend him any more money .
26	james addison baker , sr. ( aka captain james a. baker ; january 10 , 1857 august 2 , 1941 ) was an american attorney and bank in houston , texas .
9	citizens financial group , inc. is a british-owned american bank headquartered in providence , rhode island , which operates in the states of connecticut , delaware , illinois , massachusetts , michigan , new hampshire , new jersey , new york , ohio , pennsylvania , rhode island and vermont .
27	1147 , title viii of the housing and community development act of 1977 , et seq. ) is a united states federal law designed to encourage commercial bank and savings associations to help meet the needs of borrowers in all segments of their communities , including low - and moderate-income neighborhoods .
27	during its heyday , meadowlands was home to a number of businesses including a ford dealership ( which also carried new holland farm machinery ) , a bank , a farmer 's cooperative store , a grocery store , a commercial laundry , a cheese factory , various restaurants , a movie theater and the toivola -- meadowlands school , a k -- 12 institution .
14	banque nationale agricole 's headquarters banque nationale agricole ( bna ) is a state-controlled bank in tunisia .
13	walter simon ( 30 april 1857 1 april 1920 ) was a german bank , councillor and philanthropist active in königsberg and tübingen .
6	the postbank was a large dutch bank , which went on to became part of ing group .
8	this building was for years the headquarters of bank , unibanco it was transferred to another building in the avenida marginal pinheiros at the bridge eusébio matoso in pine neighborhood of pine which is installed today .
9	these sectors include automotive , aviation & aerospace , bank & financial services , communication , energy & utilities , food & drink , information technology , life sciences , media and sport .
25	while continuing his military career hammond lived in eugene , and worked as a deputy sheriff , real estate broker , and officer of the bank of commerce .
10	infrastructure in thaba-tseka , there are shopping facilities , a bank , a post office , various institutions of relief organizations , and a hospital .
24	as a fast developing city and a major industrial and commercial hub in africa , nnewi experiences voluminous financial activities , therefore hosts major bank , and other financial institutions .
16	finances tokyo became a major financial center , home of some of the world 's major bank , financial firms , insurance companies , and the world 's largest stock exchange , the tokyo securities and stock exchange .
5	these branches provide cash to bank , savings and loan , and other depository institutions ; transfer money electronically ; and clear millions of check .
27	emma wiik ( josephine bornebusch ) , is an intelligent , loving , and fun girl who moves back home to sweden to start working at a bank after many years in new york .
2	a dardania bank exists in albania .
12	power station the polgolla barrage , as seen from the left - bank downriver .
7	the following is the list of notable bank in pakistan .
14	the trading room is meant to resemble spaces that can be found usually at bank and brokerage houses .
11	the ban in shopping centres , department store , supermarket , bank , game arcades has been in place since july 1998 .
9	the street is also home to a number of bank and building societies .
1	the bank is also a major participant in the securities market and the foreign currency market in kazakhstan .
4	lenders , such as bank and credit card companies , use credit scores to evaluate the potential risk posed by lending money to consumers and to mitigate losses due to bad debt .
25	chicago and the surrounding area originally had the third-largest population of chinese american in the u.s. , after the northeast and west coast although the bank generally provides the similar kind of services catering to the local chinese community , its clients include greater portions of scientists and engineers than other overseas chinese banks , which cater more to small business owners and import -- export merchant .
8	its construction led to enormous debt to european bank , and caused popular discontent because of the onerous tax it required .
9	banca popolare di lecco ( bpl ) was a bank that operated in lecco , in northern lombardy in italy between 1872 and 1993 .
6	crédit mutuel is a major french bank , with headquarters in strasbourg , alsace .
17	there are three high school in kauguri , a number of kindergarten , as well as a bank , insurance agency , and travel agency .
1	the bank is the leading mortgage lender in the country , with approximately 60 % of all ugandan mortgage accounts .
9	military administrative regions , the divisions of some major bank , and civilian aviation districts are still divided in the same form as the greater administrative areas .
20	it also features a 93-bed hotel , 700-space car park , shopping mall of 800 shops , 500-seat canteen , bank , medical center , postal office , and waiting and vip rooms .
15	as the industrial revolution intensified in the 18th and 19th centuries , the industries of bank , rail , insurance , retail , petroleum , and telegraph dramatically grew in size and complexity .
51	it now houses student and faculty dining facilities , food courts , deans' offices , the military science ( rotc ) department , the women 's center , the center for academic success , office of multicultural affairs , the rainbow room ( lgbt qia programs and outreach ) , a bank office , and conference facilities .
23	real time gross settlement systems ( rtgs ) are specialist funds transfer systems where transfer of money or securities takes place from one bank to another on a '' real time '' and on '' gross '' basis .
30	yitzhak kariv yitzhak kariv ( , born in russia , 1902 -- 1999 ) was the mayor of the israel part of jerusalem from 1952 to 1955 , and a bank .
36	examples some examples of passive income are : any type of property income earnings from a business that does not require direct involvement from the owner or merchant ; rent from property ; interest from a bank account royalties from publishing a book or from licensing a patent or other form of intellectual property , such as computer software product ; earnings from internet advertisements on websites ; dividend and interest income from owning securities , such as stock and bonds , is usually referred to as portfolio income , which may or may not be considered a form of passive income .
24	headquartered in rowland heights , california , with branch offices in arcadia , irvine , and san gabriel , california , this privately held bank was first established on october 13 , 2005 .
9	the company was the only one apart from the bank that was licensed to conduct currency exchange in sweden .
17	this technical document is of significant interest to mobile network operator , application service providers such as bank , mobile payment , mobile tv , and trusted service managers .
11	houses built along the main road that leads to the river bank .
39	headquartered in the puente hills mall in industry , california , with branch offices in alhambra , california , tustin , california , rosemead , california , cupertino , california , and arcadia , california this privately held community bank was first established on may 3 , 1995 .
15	the bubble burst on may 10 , 1837 in new york city , when every bank stopped payment in gold and silver coin .
6	services eighty percent of all commercial bank and credit unions in the united states use chexsystems as a step in the consumer checking or savings account application process .
23	the hypo real estate holding ag is a holding company based in munich , germany which comprises a number of real estate financing bank .
20	vadym petrovych hetman ( ; july 12 , 1935 -- april 22 , 1998 ) was a ukrainian statesman and bank .
37	, uba uganda 's total assets were valued at about us$ 50 million ( ugx : 122 billion ) , with shareholders ' equity of about us$ 17.1 million ( ngn : 2.72 billion ) history the bank commenced operations in may 2008 , starting with the opening of the main branch on jinja road , in kampala , uganda 's capital and largest city .
6	nedbank is one of the largest bank in south africa ; however , it is one of the newest banks to be incorporated .
6	sumption sold his interest in the bank in 1971 .
12	in pvp , data was loaded by prefetching to a special register bank , bypassing the cache .
16	the federal home loan banks ( fhlbanks , or fhlbank system ) are 12 u.s. government-sponsored bank that provide stable , on-demand , low-cost funding to american financial institutions ( not individuals ) for home mortgage loan , small business , rural , agricultural , and economic development lending .
11	registration and payment registration can be made for payment through local bank or the hongkong post .
9	the other-indemnity segment provides professional liability insurance to community bank , principally directors , and officers liability insurance .
13	the government has used tax payer 's money to buy shares in the bank , making them part nationalised .
10	after graduation , he joined the staff of interstate national bank in kansas city but soon returned to the south plains in 1948 to work at the pitchfork .
12	indymac , a contraction of independent national mortgage corporation was an american bank based in california that failed in 2008 and was seized by the united states federal deposit insurance corporation ( fdic ) .
14	in a separate development , venetian merchants started using paper bills , instructing their bank to make payments .
19	headquartered in san francisco , with branch offices in california , honolulu , and xiamen , this privately held bank is one of few asian american banks in the united states that has successfully expanded beyond their original communities .
53	many mid-18th-century immigrants made fortunes in ponce , like the owner of this restored coffee plantation ( hacienda buena vista ) founded in 1833 ; today it is a point of interest in the municipality some of these immigrants made considerable fortunes in coffee , corn and sugarcane harvesting , rum production , bank and finance , the importing of industrial machinery , iron foundries and other enterprises .
17	walter william head ( december 18 , 1877 -- may 3 , 1954 ) was an american bank and insurance executive .
39	the afdb has specific mandates from the new partnership for africa 's development ( nepad ) and other international organizations to take the lead amongst financial and development institutions in areas such as infrastructure , regional integration , and bank and financial standards in africa .
8	their goal is to reduce damages that the bank are causing to the public by legislation .
21	also , lack of funds increases development risks and decreases the likelihood of attracting capital investors or securing loans from private bank .
25	other texas branches include plano , texas , richardson , texas , austin , texas and sugar land , texas , this privately held community bank was founded on november 3 , 1997 .
5	financial and industrial relations german bank have a much larger role in shaping the industrial sector than those in other western countries .
4	many day traders are bank or investment firm employees working as specialists in equity investment and fund management .
18	william henry workman ( january 1 , 1839 february 21 , 1918 ) was an american politician , bank and businessman .
5	amenities like educational institution , bank , dispensaries etc. are flourishing in addition to the growing goods market here .
1	the bank neighbouring the cutlers ' hall are in a similar style .
1	private bank and governments across the world followed gresham 's law : keeping the gold and silver they received , but paying out in notes .
11	banque de l'habitat 's headquarters banque de l'habitat is a state-controlled bank in tunisia .
22	since there were many types of confederate notes as well as notes issued by the states of the confederacy , and since bank could issue their own notes , counterfeit was a major problem for the confederacy .
12	during the black hills expedition , several wagons became stuck at a bank .
9	he became a legal advisor for a state owned bank .
16	noonday creek park is located between hawkins store road and shallowford road , along the eastern bank of noonday creek .
14	a performance bond is a surety bond issued by an insurance company or a bank to guarantee satisfactory completion of a project by a contractor .
5	faced with resistance from many bank which insisted that families vacate their homes in order to have their short sales approved , ahp changed their strategy in early 2011 .
8	types of financial intermediaries financial intermediaries include : bank building societies credit union financial adviser or broker insurance companies collective investment scheme pension fund summary and conclusion financial institutions ( intermediaries ) perform the vital role of bringing together those economic agents with surplus funds who want to lend , with those with a shortage of funds who want to borrow .
14	these entities deal in cash , bullion and financial transactions , and include : bank and similar financial institutions such as building societies .
16	a gift card is a restricted monetary equivalent or scrip that is issued by retailer or bank to be used as an alternative to a non-monetary gift .
21	in addition to the hicks-cobb general store , medicine mound in its heyday had the w.w. cole building , a combination bank , drugstore , gasoline station ( with rusty pumps remaining ) , and post office , a laundry ( specifically , new york steam laundry ) , a school , and a church .
2	the first bank opened in 1873 , and another one followed in 1905 .
13	the , based in tokyo , japan , was one of the largest bank in the world during the latter half of the 20th century .
2	terminal processing bank or agents connected to terminal processing of leader system can accept payments for various providers .
8	architect : henning larsen unibank was a danish bank , formed in 1990 by merging andelsbanken , sparekassen sds and privatbanken .
18	from 2006 to 2008 , duran took out 68 commercial and personal loans from a total of 39 bank with no guarantees or property as collateral .
12	john cunliffe pickersgill-cunliffe ( 1819 6 october 1873 ) was a british bank , who briefly served as member of parliament for bewdley in 1869 , representing the conservative party .
7	captain george mainwaring ( ) is the bank manager and home guard company commander portrayed by arthur lowe on the bbc television sitcom dad 's army , set in the fictional seaside town of walmington-on-sea during the second world war .
25	intermediation involves the '' matching '' of lenders with savings to borrowers who need money by an agent or third party , such as a bank .
9	during the year 1990 , ronnie leibowitz robbed 21 bank branches , mostly in the tel aviv area , by using a motorcycle ( an italian moto guzzi ) to enter and escape banks , and then hiding the motorcycle in a truck readied for that purpose in advance .
28	since 1996 , the commissioners of dobi have been : division of banking the division of banking licenses and regulates all state-chartered financial institutions , currently numbering 88 bank and 19 credit unions .
23	from then it remained a '' free form '' financial association until in 1984 it was converted into a cooperative owned mostly by bank , trader , other companies and associations .
0	bank after the independence , banking industry in bangladesh started its journey with 6 nationalized commercialized banks , 2 state owned specialized banks and 3 foreign banks .
18	kredobank office in simferopol pjsc '' kredobank '' ( ukrainian : пат '' кредобанк '' ) is the bank with the largest polish investment in banking institution in ukraine .
5	pinnacle financial partners is a bank headquartered in nashville , tennessee operating in middle and east tennessee .
5	eaglebank ( ) is a bank in the washington , d.c. metropolitan area .
11	business pursuits upon moving to south norwalk , he became a bank , invested in real estate , becoming the largest landholder in the city .
47	recent developments include an expansion of west 41st street into four lanes between south 57th w. avenue to sh-97 in prattville , oklahoma ( sand springs ) , and construction of several new commercial buildings including a tulsa community college campus , national guard facility , a bank , and a carwash .
7	bmci ( acronym in ) is a bank based in morocco .
8	the trail goes east and follows the southern bank of the tar river , then at the confluence of the tar river and green mill run , turns south and follows the western edge of the tributary .
11	this ` l-shaped street was formerly the center of the north-west bank industry , it hosts five grade ii listed buildings and is part of the upper king street conservation area .
4	this discouraged the major bank and oil companies from investing in arabian oil ventures .
15	direct loans are made and serviced by usda staff ; loan guarantees are made to bank or other private lenders , and grants are made directly to a person or organization .
18	he ran for governor in 1978 , finishing third in the democratic primary , behind flamboyant east tennessee bank jake butcher and then - public service commissioner bob clement .
1	uk bank do not traditionally play an important role as institutional investors , as they do for instance in germany .
6	this included traders who worked at bank , hedge funds , exchange floors , proprietry trading companies , independent firms , private offices , insurance companies , asset management firms , energy firms , and other trading locales .
19	these installations have been featured in several design publications , and can still be experienced in public spaces , bank , hotel , schools , churches , industrial complexes , and private residences .
7	with river street getting built out , bank began taking advantage of the street plan and locating on first street , previously a residential area .
12	it is named for oliver watson who was the president of a bank in nearby williamsport at the time .
18	wild orangutans near bukit lawang jungle near bukit lawang bukit lawang is a small tourist village at the bank of bahorok river in north sumatra province of indonesia .
4	financial agencies such as bank and credit bureaus are starting to require verification of data that identity thieves can not easily obtain .
23	history this institution , the founding entities of which were caja de burgos , cajacanarias and caja navarra , was incorporated as a bank by means of notarial instrument issued on 9 june 2010 .
13	catching the rising tide of the booming chinese and asia economies , the bank also specializes in financing credit arrangement for import and export trades .
24	should the buyer fail to pay the loan under the mortgage loan agreement , the ownership of the real estate is transferred to the bank .
4	it is the only bank in the town of pontevedra negros occidental .
7	p/b ratios are commonly used to compare bank , because most assets and liabilities of banks are constantly valued at market values .
15	it includes : selling stock , bonds , mutual funds shares and also interest from bank deposits .
0	bank may assist by providing various forms of support .
9	globoko ob dravinji is a village on the left bank of the dravinja river in the municipality of poljčane in northeastern slovenia .
15	it includes business , the former south omaha city hall , a correctional facility , bank , a post office , profession office , and specialty stores .
34	my laugh comes last book cover synopsis larry lucas is a small time worker , who is one day approached by a millionaire , farell brannigan , to assist him and start a new bank in town , which should be the safest in the world .
21	if savings are stashed in or under a mattress , or otherwise not deposited into a financial intermediary such as a bank , there is no chance for those savings to be recycled as investment by business .
21	economy hoddesdon high street has many shops , including fast food outlets , pubs , estate agents , charity shops , bank , travel agents , a bookshop and a library .
25	woodville now is home to a grocery store , three restaurants , two variety stores , a post office , one gas station , a bank , a curling rink and arena , two baseball diamond and a newer school , first built in 1923 .
28	while the country shifted toward a more market-oriented economy , the vietnamese government still continues to hold a tight rein over major state sectors , such as the bank system , state-owned enterprises and foreign trade .
32	the property 's listing on the national register reflects its importance in industry and commerce , as well as its association with proprietor charles nelson , who was prominent in areas including bank , farming , and barrel - making .
7	a teller is an employee of a bank who deals directly with most customers .
6	chorostecki 's father worked in a bank and her mother was a french teacher .
14	in the private sector , parry is a founding member and chairman of the bank of nevis mutual fund .
15	baker 's doctor can find no cure , so baker decides he will call his bank for the million dollars .
28	it was declared insolvent in 1990 , and had 125 branches in new york , california , florida , michigan , and texas , making it the 12th-largest bank in the united states in 1989 .
9	there also used to be a shop , a bank and a post office .
9	money can be loaded into the account from a bank , credit/debit card or via many other methods including giropay , ideal , ukash , direct e-banking or poli .
27	both works have major characters who work in finance : marshall 's protagonist is an accountant while némirovsky 's work has several characters who work for a bank .
39	ftwzs will be fully independent mega-trading hubs integrated with state-of-the-art warehouse and special storage infrastructure , container freight stations , environment friendly equipment , rail sidings for hinterland connectivity , commercial complexes for offices , independent utility stations , bank and insurance corporations added to recreational and eventual residential complex for the ftwz workforce .
25	the underdog hero : the most common hero of canadian literature , an ordinary person who must overcome challenges from a large corporation , a bank , a rich tycoon , a government , a natural disaster , and so on .
9	legislative career committee assignments as of 2012 : aging bank corporations , authorities , and commissions governmental employees ( ranking minority member ) transport she has made the rights of senior citizens a hallmark of her tenure and has successfully fought to keep senior centers in brooklyn and staten island from being closed .
34	since illegal immigrants without proper legal status have no valid identification documents such as identity card , they may have reduced or no access to public health systems , proper housing , education and bank .
18	united kingdom banking law refers to banking law in the united kingdom , to control the activities of bank .
24	the first level of djim screening removes companies involved in such products alcohol , pork - related products , conventional financial services ( e.g. bank and insurance companies ) , entertainment ( e.g. hotel , casino , gambling etc. ) , tobacco , and weapon and defense .
9	for example , if waves pass over a sloping bank which is shallower at one end than the other , then the shoaling effect will result in the waves slowing more at the shallow end .
20	the latest time for the exchange of files on any working day is 4 p.m. local time of the receiving bank for next-day execution .
45	in kautsky 's view , the only one way in which capitalists would be able to maintain the basic system , while avoiding this stagnation , would be for the wealthiest nations to form a '' cartel '' , in the same manner as which bank had co-operated , agreeing to limit their competition and renounce their arms race , in order to maintain their export markets and their systems of superexploitation .
48	second term in the assembly he was elected again in 1864 as a national union candidate , to a district which now encompassed clark and jackson counties , succeeding calvin r. johnson ( also a national union candidate ) , and was assigned to the standing committee on bank and banking , and on school and university lands .
28	already in 1895 , 75 % of the national manufacturing industry was in the capital and only 28 % in the harbor , and by 1910 , major bank and shops were set up in the streets of the city center , leaving valparaiso .
4	the privately owned community bank was originally established in 1967 to serve the ethnic chinese in chinatown .
25	petronella johanna maria godefrida ( elly ) blanksma-van den heuvel ( born september 24 , 1959 in helmond ) is a dutch politician and former bank manager .
10	paym ( ) is a mobile payment system provided by bank and building societies in the united kingdom .
5	he became a lawyer and bank , and in 1898 became the 17th governor of iowa , serving until 1902 .
34	special opportunities fund with the advent of challenges in the property and finance sector , bourne capital established their own special opportunities fund in june 2008 to co-invest ` side by side ' with bank , institutions and joint venture partners .
4	he is a former bank director and hospital board member .
6	its products are primarily used by bank and casino for counting and sorting money .
4	its clients consist of bank , financial service providers and insurance companies .
28	the united states senate committee on banking , housing , and urban affairs ( formerly the committee on banking and currency ) has jurisdiction over matters related to bank and banking , price controls , deposit insurance , export promotion and controls , federal monetary policy , financial aid to commerce and industry , issuance of redemption of notes , currency and coinage , public and private housing , urban development and mass transit , and government contracts .
48	groups given a write-up include the illuminati , the merovingian dynasty , the cathars , the prieuré de sion , the alphans , the '' time meddlers '' , the network , the discordian society , the society of assassins , the templars , the bavarian illuminati , bank and the gnomes of zurich , environmental protesters and ecoterrorists , the freemasons , the society of light , intelligence agencies , the mafia ( including a section about prohibition ) , major corporations , organised crime , organised religion , telephone companies , and unions .
11	big five is the name colloquially given to the five largest bank that dominate the banking industry of canada .
11	typical procedure as an example scenario , an employee of a bank which matches gifts decides to make a gift to his or her charity of choice .
8	midwest federal savings and loan was an american bank headquartered in minneapolis , minnesota .
4	fellesbanken was a norwegian bank that existed between 1920 and 1985 with offices in oslo , norway .
15	this includes : selling stock , bonds , mutual funds shares and also interest from bank deposits .
6	this sets a framework on how bank and depository institution must calculate their capital .
10	using forward contracts enables arbitrageurs such as individual investors or bank to make use of the forward premium ( or discount ) to earn a riskless profit from discrepancies between two countries ' interest rates .
9	there is also a wide variety of bar and bank .
1	unlike bank loans , gemach loans are interest-free , and are often set up with easy repayment terms .
6	financial institutions , which may include bank , credit unions , loan funds , and community development venture capital funds , can apply to the cdfi fund for formal certification as a cdfi .
20	construction causewayed enclosures are often located on hilltop sites , encircled by one to four concentric ditch with an internal bank .
26	armando antónio martins vara ( born march 27 , 1954 , vinhais ) is a portuguese politician , member of the portuguese socialist party , and bank administrator .
20	the dining area was moved from the basement to street level in a space that was previously occupied by a bank , but had lain vacant for several years .
6	banking a drive-through shared by a bank and a coffee shop .
5	economically , gleiwitz opened several bank , savings and loan association , and bond centers .
12	investment and banking the united states leads north america in investment and bank .
5	banque d'hochelaga was a canadian bank based in montreal , quebec .
12	some of these include three restaurants , a grocery store , a bank , a hardware store , a garage , an ice cream stand , a bar , and a doctor 's office .
10	they featured a mini-mall , food court , arcade , bank , and other kiosk operations .
10	banque internationale du bénin ( b.i.b.e. ) is a national bank of benin .
50	although traditionally banks have insisted on a wide range of covenants that allow them to intervene if the financial position of the borrower or the value of underlying assets deteriorates , around 2006 the increasing strength of private equity firms and the decreasing opportunities for traditional corporate loans made by bank fueled something of a '' race to the bottom '' , with syndicates of banks competing with each other to offer ever less invasive terms to borrowers in relation to leveraged buy-out .
24	g. william domhoff claims that '' the idea of the american state having any significant degree of autonomy from the owners and managers of bank , corporations , and agribusinesses is a theoretical mistake based in empirical inaccuracies , '' and cites empirical studies showing a high degree of overlap between upper-level corporate management and high-level positions in government .
7	when the treasuries fluctuated in value , bank had to recall loan or borrow from other banks or clearinghouse .
44	the certificate of deposit account registry service ( cdars ) , is a us for-profit service that breaks up large deposits ( from individuals , companies , nonprofits , public funds , etc. ) and places them across a network of more than 3000 bank and savings association around the united states .
6	ever since the glass–steagall act , bank and insurance businesses had been kept separate .
15	loan officers , also referred to as '' mortgage loan originators '' , work for bank and other financial institutions with the main objective to recommend individual and business loan applications for approval .
23	the law applies to any person who , in the ordinary course of business , regularly participates in a credit decision , including bank , retailer , bankcard companies , finance companies , and credit union .
21	assets held in such a manner are typically owned by larger institutional firms with a considerable amount of investments such as bank , insurance companies , mutual funds , hedge fund and pension fund .
4	he worked in a bank before joining the lapd , has a few college credits earned , but sought a job with higher status and better pay .
13	qcr holdings , inc. , through its subsidiaries , provides commercial and consumer bank , and trust and asset management services for the quad city , cedar rapids , and rockford communities .
22	such a trader first '' borrows '' shares of that stock from their owner ( the lender ) , typically via a bank or a prime broker under the condition that he will return it on demand .
15	sir derek wanless ( 29 september 1947 22 may 2012 ) was a former english bank and a former adviser to the labor party .
2	if the bank feel that a smaller project is viable and decide to lend the money at an acceptable cost of finance then the projects will go ahead ( subject to planning and other approvals ) .
26	anemone canadensis ( canada anemone , round-headed anemone , meadow anemone , crowfoot ) is a herbaceous perennial native to moist meadow , thicket , stream bank , and lake shore in north america , spreading rapidly by underground rhizome , valued for its white flower .
5	originally this building housed a bank .
24	residents today find employment in many fields including nearby coal mines ; education ; coal bed methane extraction ; health care ; retailing ; bank ; law firm ; city , county , and state government ; national forest ; home construction ; and a large number of small business ; farming ; and ranch .
11	banque de tunisie et des emirats ( bte ) is a bank in tunisia .
15	history over the past several decades ( leading up to 2005 ) , organizations ( bank , governments , schools , manufacturers and others ) have increased their reliance more on '' open systems '' and less on '' closed systems '' .
24	life after football / death after retiring , ciriaco continued living in eibar , and worked for several years in the banco guipuzcoano ( bank of gipuzkoa ) .
15	homeguard v kiwi packaging ( 1981 ) 2 nzlr 322 is often cited regarding the bank of cheque tendered as full settlement of disputed accounts .
14	the company serves varied industry sectors , including government/public sector , educational institutions , bank , multinational corporation and other commercial organizations .
7	article 104 : hold the magnetic card bank account on benefits , or pension income of the elderly as well as other documents for the purpose of ensuring receipt or recovery of debt .
14	demanding an explanation , he learns that the rich family keeps their money in bank , the stock market , and real estate .
15	automated cash handling is the process of dispensing , counting and tracking cash in a bank , retail , check cashing , payday loan / advance , casino or other business environment through specially designed hardware and software for the purposes of loss prevention , theft deterrence and reducing management time for oversight of cash drawer ( till ) operations .
5	banco galliano was the oldest bank in the british overseas territory of gibraltar .
12	he was the chairman of the board of directors of planter 's bank and trust company .
21	as of 1927 , the town boasted a small population of 857 with five church , a public library , a bank , a high school , two local newspapers , several lumber yards , commercial packing houses , and a dehydrating plant .
46	in 1774 he returned to vienna , married caecilie ( zipperche ) itzig ( 1760 -- 1836 ) , a daughter of daniel itzig of berlin , and joined in partnership and entered the business of his brother-in-law nathan arnstein , with whom he established the bank - house of arnstein and eskeles , which came into great prominence during the congress of vienna .
9	when ibbl was established , it was the first bank in south-east asia to provide banking service based on shariah .
1	the bank is located in banjul and was established in 1971 .
4	it was the first bank to be established in nigeria without government or foreign support .
23	samuel thomas hauser , a former territorial governor of the state of montana from 1885 to 1887 , enjoyed a lengthy career in bank , mining , railroads , ranch , and smelting , but encountered a series of financial setbacks after the panic of 1893 which nearly ruined him financially .
7	research krahnen 's research interests focus on bank , financial intermediaries , credit management and credit markets .
34	eternal university exists in a campus containing a university , a number of professional colleges , an international akal academy , a multi-specialty charitable hospital , a gurudwara , a post office , a bank , and a fuel station .
8	banque internationale pour la centrafrique is a major bank of the central african republic .
21	headquartered in brooklyn , with branch offices in chinatown , manhattan and in chinatown , flushing , this privately held community bank was first established on november 15 , 1999 .
14	the panic was followed by a five-year depression , characterized by ongoing failures of bank and financial institutions and record unemployment levels .
21	in some countries , like switzerland and liechtenstein , bullion bars can be bought or sold over the counter at major bank .
26	it started in 1968 as the '' inter-bank computer bureau , '' intended to improve the existing clearing system by using electronic transfer of funds between bank , avoiding the need for paper documents .
66	she appears in just two episodes : '' 41 shots '' , in which she is seen eating at a restaurant with two other judges while having a conversation , and '' bang & blame '' , in which she presides over the trial of a murderer who decides to represent himself pro se after killing a woman on video in the middle of a crowded bank lobby .
7	history josiah l. maxey , a gardiner bank who had recently financed construction of the kennebec central railroad , obtained legislative approval for consolidation of the sandy river railroad and rangeley railroad ( p & r ) on 10 march 1891 .
8	the gallery includes a jail , hotel , bank , and cemetery with targets which are animated when shot .
40	the old sonderho harbour and the navigational mark kaaver will soon be added to sonderho , see www.sonderhohavn.dk tourism is still the main basis for the existence of the village and because of that , its shops , restaurants , bank and library are able to stay open all year .
31	capital city is a television series which focused on the professional and personal lives of a group of investment banker working in the dealing room at shane-longman , a fictional international bank based in the city of london .
16	given then-standard banking criteria for mortgage-lending , black people usually did not qualify for mortgages from bank and savings and loan association ; instead , they recurred to land installment contracts at above market interest rates to buy a house -- a racist economic strategy eventually leading to foreclosure .
16	before entering politics , she worked as a nurse and as a finance officer at a bank .
6	funds are provided by ngos , bank and financial institutions .
26	in layman 's terms , this is when the seller in a transaction offers the buyer a loan rather than the buyer obtaining one from a bank .
12	he was a member of the board of directors of the mansfield bank and trust company .
10	roman influences may be found around us today , in bank , government buildings , great houses , and even small houses , perhaps in the form of a porch with doric columns and a pediment or in a fireplace or a mosaic shower floor copied from an original in pompeii or herculaneum .
6	vittorio emanuele has worked as a bank and an aircraft salesman , and then an arms dealer .
22	though as has happened with many towns of a similar size a lot of shops have given way to business such as bank , building societies and travel agents market days are tuesday and saturday .
12	she also helped design some of the first computer reservations system for bank .
18	we find out at the end of the trailer that the buildings are in fact dangerous when a bank rises up off the ground and is revealed to be a monster .
8	komerční banka ( kb ) is a major bank in the czech republic .
9	he was assigned to the committee on insurance , bank and banking .
0	bank and other financial institutions issue these bonds to satisfy regulatory demands regarding capital requirement , specifically under the basel accords .
11	he struggled to be given permission to miss work from his bank job to play in matches so was not played as often as he could have been .
4	in this , a bank or lending agency has a collection of accounts of varying value and risk .