44	abc news ' lou kesten called it '' equally memorable '' to glados and a '' chatty , nervous a.i. '' entertainment weekly s john young described its eyeball 's appearance as a '' giant blue eyeball resembles a hal 9000 computer with an apple makeover '' .
17	the rather absurd legal precedent in digidyne v. data general regarding bundling has never been applied to apple , which might never have been as profitable as it is today had it been forced to license its macintosh operating systems to competitors ( although it did do so temporarily , voluntarily , on a limited scale and for a limited period of time ) .
5	it was based on the apple macintosh computer platform ( macintosh ii systems were used ) with special hardware and software developed and installed by avid .
32	the investment was largely seen as risky because many believed skype would be crippled by intellectual property litigation ( initiated by skype 's founders ) and direct competitive attacks from google and apple .
24	more than sixty corporations and foundations , including coca-cola , wendy's , kraft foods , mcdonald's , amazon.com , coca-cola , general electric , apple , procter & gamble , walmart , the bill & melinda gates foundation , and the medical insurance group blue cross and blue shield dropped support of alec in the ensuing weeks or let their memberships lapse .
12	engage mobile solutions develops software for mobile devices , smartphones ( including apple ios devices and google android devices ) and wearable computing devices including google glass .
5	ifixit product teardown of new apple products are carried by pc world , the mac observer , and other publications .
36	ingress is an augmented reality massively multiplayer online role playing gps - dependent game created by niantic labs , a startup within google , originally for android devices , and since july 14 , 2014 for apple 's ios .
18	promo singles prior to the release of the album , three promotional singles will be released exclusively on apple 's itunes store as a '' countdown to p.a.r.c.e. '' .
3	a parody of apple 's get a mac series of commercials , with former writers chris elliott and gerard mulligan portraying the roles of mac and pc , respectively .
14	in some recipes , it may also be cooked with chopped onion and sliced apple .
31	many plants which do well at winnipeg ( where constant cold maintains dormancy all winter ) are difficult to grow in the alberta chinook belt ; examples include basswood , some apple , raspberry and saskatoon varieties , and amur maple .
28	wine writers joe bastianich and david lynch describe bombino bianco as tending to produce light-bodied wines with soft fruit flavors that can have notes of wild flowers and apple .
5	orchards in the area produce apple , pear , plum and cherries .
14	in iran , the word used is سیب ( saib ) , meaning '' apple .
10	its fruits , which are similar in appearance to an apple , are green or greenish-yellow when ripe .
6	terhune also makes fruit wine from apple , blueberries , and peach .
19	the moths oviposit almost exclusively on trees in the plant family rosaceae , particularly cherry ( prunus ) and apple ( malus ) .
6	rougemont is well known for its apple orchard and sugar shack .
15	they may be parasites ( including on humans ) , or saprophytic ( including on apple ) .