18	instinctive aiming is a technique used by trained archers and marksmen to improve general accuracy when using a bow , firearm , or other ranged weapon .
22	when boat electrofishing , the boat itself is the cathode , and the anode ( s ) are generally mounted off the bow .
16	in addition , the dhanur veda tradition was an influential fighting arts style which considered the bow and the arrow to be the supreme weapons .
16	punts and passengers in cambridge , uk a punt is a flat-bottomed boat with a square-cut bow , designed for use in small river or other shallow water .
12	several new design innovations were incorporated in flint , including a bulbous bow for better streamlined hull .
19	'' ) : a flying swan has been shot , and a young man is brought forth , a bow in his hand and a quiver of matching arrows .
8	trade with peoples to the southwest brought the bow and arrow an increase in the hierarchical structuring of their societies began during this period , although it is not clear whether it was internally developed or borrowed from the hopewell .
10	this was sometimes the concertmaster , who could use his bow as a baton , or a lute who would move the neck of his instrument in time with the beat .
5	mercedes uses a red crystal bow psypher named tasla that she usually uses for frog hunting .
16	neutral trim trimmed in trimmed out if the motor is trimmed out too far , the bow will ride too high in the water .
13	the main armament consisted of one breech-loading 320-mm canet gun mounted in the bow of the ship ( in the stern in the case of matsushima ) , which could fire 450-kg armor-piercing or 350-kg explosive shells at an effective range of 8000 meters .
4	knowles next brandishes a bow and fires arrows at a cameraman who 's strapped to a rotating dart board .
29	his family belongs to ahari tribe and because of poverty , limba ram was used to hunt bird like sparrow , partridge and animal in jungle with his indigenous bow ( made of bamboo wood ) and reed arrow .
20	changes by august bohlin ( 1877 -- 1949 ) in 1929/1930 made the nyckelharpa a chromatic instrument with a straight bow , making it a more violin - like and no longer a bourdon instrument .
24	in september , after departing from takao with a convoy bound for manila , hibiki was torpedoed by ; the explosion almost severed her bow .
10	the british fired a warning shot across his ship 's bow , to which he responded with a full broadside .
13	the string ensemble consists of two groups : chamber blues , made of bow instruments , and a larger group called men in black that includes guitars .
6	he sometimes plays using a cello bow .
26	queen mary baggage tag queen mary design was criticised for being too traditional , especially when normandie hull was revolutionary with a clipper shaped , streamlined bow .
4	the explosion blew the bow off the ship , killing 65 and injuring 15 more of her crew .
24	proa characteristics the defining feature of the proa is that the vessel '' shunts '' when it changes tacks ; the stern becomes the bow and vice versa .
28	randolph was planned to be somewhat more lightly built than the british frigates that inspired her design , with a broader frame spacing and a much more raked bow , but with less freeboard .
9	isaiah recalls their warrior activities and skill with the bow .
5	the damage to ariel s bow was so serious that she had to be towed into port .
13	photographs show that she had the designation '' sp-400 '' painted on her bow and she was used as a patrol boat like other units with an '' sp '' designation during world war i , although her data card lists her as having identification number ( id .
31	between 1880 and 1887 , the anchor line built no fewer than ten of these extravagant steamboats , which averaged each about 275 feet ( 83.33 m ) in length from bow to stern and about 45 feet ( 13.64 m ) in width .
11	it is bowed with either a notched stick or a horsehair bow .
15	they were equipped with four 18 inch ( 460 mm ) torpedo tubes at the bow , two on either beam and another pair in a swivel mounting on the superstructure for night use .
28	her laboratories had temperature-controlled aquaria and live specimen wells , and she had a walk-in freezer , a dark room , and an underwater observation chamber in her bow and on her port side for studying fish behavior at sea .
3	he holds a bow in one hand and perhaps a goblet in the other .
34	space in the sandolo is limited , with enough room for one oarsman , aft , and two passengers on the main seat , and two more passengers sitting on small stools towards the bow .
6	she was fitted with a ram bow and lacked the stern ram of her half-sisters .
7	muruga rides a peacock and wields a bow in battle .
21	her parents were the first whites to live with the newly discovered tribe of about 400 people , who hunted with bow and arrow , ate snakes , insects and worms , and practiced inter-tribal warfare and revenge killings .
50	basic information rowers in a coxed eight ( 8 + ) , a sweep rowing boat while rowing , the athlete sits in the boat facing toward the stern , and uses the oars which are held in place by the oarlock to propel the boat forward ( towards the bow ) .
11	the plan of the site is in the shape of a bow with its bowstring pulled back ready to fire .
10	the force of the impact blew off of her forward bow and forecastle .
9	diving planes are usually fitted in pairs , the bow planes at the front of the submarine and the stern planes at the rear .
59	from this branch of the freire de andrade came joão fernandes de andrade who , having served the portuguese kings afonso v and john ii in the conquest of the morocco strongholds of tangier and asilah , was granted a new coat of arms and possessions in the portuguese island of madeira , namely in arco da calheta ( bow of the calheta ) .
25	public image chang plays the 1717 guarneri del gesù violin , which she received through the late isaac stern , and uses a variety of bow : pajeot for mozart and bach ; sartory for '' the big-whammy concertos , the tchaikovsky and sibelius '' ; and two dominique peccattes for other music .
42	genu varum ( also called bow-leggedness , bandiness , bandy-leg , and tibia vara ) , is a physical deformity marked by ( outward ) bowing of the leg in relation to the thigh , giving the appearance of an archer 's bow .
4	the saxons historically used bow ( to a limited extent ) and spear instead of crossbows during the period .
39	the accusation centered on the fact that the corporation had not yet purchased a ship , which had appeared in a bsl brochure emblazoned with the name '' phyllis wheatley '' ( after the african-american poet ) on its bow .
9	fifteen minutes after hitting the mine , swerve s bow was up with the stern resting on the bottom .
11	it was a round - bilge keel ship with a round bow and stern , the latter relatively high , and with a gallery .
11	on 27 december 1914 monarch rammed suffering moderate damage to her bow , she received temporary repairs at scapa flow before proceeding to devonport for full repairs , she rejoined her sister-ships on 20 january 1915 , was also seriously damaged in this collision .
14	armed with a spar torpedo , mounted to a rod extending out from her bow , the hunley s mission was to lift the blockade of charleston , south carolina by destroying the sloop-of-war uss housatonic in charleston harbor .
20	link collects a variety of different equipment throughout his adventure , featuring series mainstay items such as bomb , a bow , the boomerang , and a lamp .
38	kochanowski uses the names of the pieces ( which are often different from their equivalents in modern polish ) in literal sense , describing the game as a war between infantry soldiers ( pawns ) , knights , bow - wielding priest ( bishops ) , war elephant ( rooks ) , queens and kings .
27	for example , chanca soldiers preferred the use of clubs or macana , while antisuyu ( jungle highlands ) troops more often leaned towards the use of bow and arrow .
1	the bow is drawn horizontally across the strings .
4	hooke ran a violin bow along the edge of a plate covered with flour and saw the nodal patterns emerge .
6	the stern lies opposite of the bow , the foremost part of a ship .
3	house of the bow ) is a kibbutz in the lower galilee , israel .