3	a parody of apple 's get a mac series of commercials , with former writers chris elliott and gerard mulligan portraying the roles of mac and pc , respectively .
13	its work has been mentioned in online and print venues , such as apple , graphis inc . , communication arts , how and print magazine , and selected for the u.s. library of congress permanent design collection .
36	'' kaspersky supports the idea of internet ids for critical transactions : voting in elections , online banking , interaction with official bodies , etc. kaspersky was quoted as saying : in 2012 kaspersky commented that apple is at the point where microsoft was 10 -- 12 years previously , in terms of security .
0	apple implemented the urdu language keyboard across mobile device in its ios 8 update in september 2014 .
26	t-mobile usa launched in 2010 an ad campaign for the t-mobile 4g product , which features model/actress carly foulkes as a 4g phone going up against apple 's iphone 4 which at the time was exclusively on competitor at & t mobility .
9	a variation on the garamond typeface was adopted by apple in 1984 upon the release of the macintosh .
14	after lead developer jeremy andrus left for a job on the darwin kernel at apple , the project has been headed by jason nieh .
6	on january 31 , 2008 , apple released the macbook air , a thin laptop with an optional 64 gb ssd .
5	ifixit product teardown of new apple products are carried by pc world , the mac observer , and other publications .
30	the itunes charts represent a weekly average of purchases , not just '' a snapshot of the previous 24 hours ' worth of sales , '' as a spokesman for apple reported in a washington post story about the campaign .
44	abc news ' lou kesten called it '' equally memorable '' to glados and a '' chatty , nervous a.i. '' entertainment weekly s john young described its eyeball 's appearance as a '' giant blue eyeball resembles a hal 9000 computer with an apple makeover '' .
6	the companies compared were ibm , apple , xerox , hp and motorola .
0	apple opened a second store in edmonton at southgate centre on may 28 , 2010 , and edmonton 's first lego store opened in june 2013 .
16	the game angry birds rio was released in march 2011 on the android market and the apple app store with 50 levels .
7	big blue meenie has worked exclusively with apple and uses their software logic pro for mixing after analog recording .
12	engage mobile solutions develops software for mobile devices , smartphones ( including apple ios devices and google android devices ) and wearable computing devices including google glass .
32	the investment was largely seen as risky because many believed skype would be crippled by intellectual property litigation ( initiated by skype 's founders ) and direct competitive attacks from google and apple .
36	ingress is an augmented reality massively multiplayer online role playing gps - dependent game created by niantic labs , a startup within google , originally for android devices , and since july 14 , 2014 for apple 's ios .
17	the rather absurd legal precedent in digidyne v. data general regarding bundling has never been applied to apple , which might never have been as profitable as it is today had it been forced to license its macintosh operating systems to competitors ( although it did do so temporarily , voluntarily , on a limited scale and for a limited period of time ) .
18	promo singles prior to the release of the album , three promotional singles will be released exclusively on apple 's itunes store as a '' countdown to p.a.r.c.e. '' .
21	maitai was created by charles river ventures partner bill tai and annually features engineers , consultants , and venture capitalists from apple , facebook , and google among others .
15	wintek is a maker of electronic components , mainly touch screens for devices such as apple 's iphone .
14	libvirt is available on most linux distributions ; remote servers are also accessible from apple and microsoft windows clients .
7	the icade is an accessory for the apple ipad line of devices which functions as a miniaturised , portable arcade cabinet , including a physical joystick and buttons .
5	it was based on the apple macintosh computer platform ( macintosh ii systems were used ) with special hardware and software developed and installed by avid .
5	major brands ( such as apple , microsoft and thermos-grill2go ) have used infomercials for their ability to communicate more complicated and in-depth product stories .
9	after college , cirne held senior technical positions at apple and hummingbird communications .
24	more than sixty corporations and foundations , including coca-cola , wendy's , kraft foods , mcdonald's , amazon.com , coca-cola , general electric , apple , procter & gamble , walmart , the bill & melinda gates foundation , and the medical insurance group blue cross and blue shield dropped support of alec in the ensuing weeks or let their memberships lapse .
32	at present , the xl h1 24f and 30f hdv is supported by major non-linear editing system such as canopus/grass valley edius 5.0 , sony vegas , adobe premiere pro 2.0 , apple final cut pro 5.1.2 and avid xpress pro .
4	homer regrets selling his apple stock for a bowling ball , and becomes increasingly irritated that mr. burns is gloating about buying homer 's stock with successful results .
51	settlers bound for america fled the tumult of the civil war and troubles in the plantation of ireland and the highland clearances , and very often ships manifests show their belongings nearly always included their wives ' cookpots or bakestone and seed stock for plants like peaches , plum , and apple to grow orchards .
7	symbolic foods rosh hashanah meals usually include apple and honey , to symbolize a sweet new year .
22	seasonal kringle flavors include rhubarb ( late may and june ) , key lime in july , mango coconut in august and apple toffee in september .
5	orchards in the area produce apple , pear , plum and cherries .
10	a waldorf salad is a salad generally made of fresh apple , celery and walnut , dressed in mayonnaise , and usually served on a bed of lettuce as an appetizer or a light meal .
44	in 2004 , washington ranked first in the nation in production of red raspberries ( 90.0 % of total u.s. production ) , wrinkled seed pea ( 80.6 % ) , hops ( 75.0 % ) , spearmint oil ( 73.6 % ) , apple ( 58.1 % ) , sweet cherries ( 47.3 % ) , pear ( 42.6 % ) , peppermint oil ( 40.3 % ) , concord grape ( 39.3 % ) , carrot for processing ( 36.8 % ) , and niagara grape ( 31.6 % ) .
6	rougemont is well known for its apple orchard and sugar shack .
9	juglone is toxic to plants such as tomato , apple , and birch , and may cause stunting and death of nearby vegetation .
11	fruits fruit in the traditional cottage garden would have included an apple and a pear , for cider and perry , gooseberries and raspberries .
31	many plants which do well at winnipeg ( where constant cold maintains dormancy all winter ) are difficult to grow in the alberta chinook belt ; examples include basswood , some apple , raspberry and saskatoon varieties , and amur maple .
12	both the dry and sweet styles of erbaluce tend to exhibit characteristic apple aromas and flavors .
10	its fruits , which are similar in appearance to an apple , are green or greenish-yellow when ripe .
10	the pastry the best-known strudels are apfelstrudel ( german for apple strudel ) and topfenstrudel ( with sweet soft quark cheese , in austrian german topfen ) , followed by the millirahmstrudel ( milk-cream strudel , milchrahmstrudel ) .
15	they may be parasites ( including on humans ) , or saprophytic ( including on apple ) .
8	' sekai ichi ' is a cultivar of apple first released from japan in 1974 .
12	tameka 's other favorite items include brazil nut , water melon , apple and rum .
3	converting an old apple - fruit press originally used for making cider , paper was initially produced by hand using the locally developed st decumans process which utilisd a vat , to produce one cart of paper product per week .
9	sage fruit company is located in the heart of apple country in the pacific northwest .
22	the higher than average number of days of sunshine make ideal conditions for the growing of tomato , sunflower , tobacco , apple , and other fruit such as plum -- for which the county is famous , being eaten fresh , dried into prunes ( some made into lekvar ) and fermented into well-known brandies .
11	kazakhstan is thought to be one of the places that the apple originated , particularly the wild ancestor of malus domestica , malus sieversii .
6	terhune also makes fruit wine from apple , blueberries , and peach .
19	the moths oviposit almost exclusively on trees in the plant family rosaceae , particularly cherry ( prunus ) and apple ( malus ) .
14	in iran , the word used is سیب ( saib ) , meaning '' apple .
1	examples apple canker , caused by the fungus neonectria galligena ash bacterial canker , now understood to be caused by the bacterium pseudomonas savastanoi , rather than pseudomonas syringae .
13	the area surrounding the pavilion has many picnic tables situated in an old apple orchard and a stand of huge white pine and norway spruce trees .
2	these include apple , oranges , plum , banana , etc. .
14	in some recipes , it may also be cooked with chopped onion and sliced apple .
28	wine writers joe bastianich and david lynch describe bombino bianco as tending to produce light-bodied wines with soft fruit flavors that can have notes of wild flowers and apple .
4	they survived by smelling apple and flower .
1	most apple trees in modern orchard are grafted on to dwarf or semi-dwarf trees planted at high density .