4	grant bristow , a mole for the canadian security intelligence service ( csis ) , infiltrated the group and became one of its leaders .
25	the main villains of the show are the power-hungry police chief pamela bondani , who wants to become the town 's mayor , and her mole assistant professor molo .
26	castle abducts duka , who fearfully gives up information about the saints -- whom he , too , hates , and so willingly becomes castle 's mole .
31	solid state synthesis in the solid state reaction method bismuth oxide ( bi 2 o 3 ) and iron oxide ( fe 2 o 3 ) in a 1 : 1 mole ratio are mixed with a mortar , or by ball milling and then fired at elevated temperatures .
24	the magnitude of the current ( in ampere ) and the duration of the current ( second ) can be used to determine the mole of the unknown species in solution .
39	when the heat of fusion is referenced to a unit of mass , it is usually called the specific heat of fusion , while the molar heat of fusion refers to the enthalpy change per amount of substance in mole .
14	usually they are served with patties of dried shrimp , and potatoes in a mole sauce .
5	green or red salsa or mole is poured over the crisp tortilla triangles , called totopo .
32	on its saints day , the town of otumba lays out a carpet of flower petals on the atrium of the church along with decorative floral portals , dances , barbacoa and mole .
18	fox , opossum , raccoon , and bear eat waste beaver destroy trees gopher , groundhog , and mole destroy lawn feral cat and feral dog eat human food and carry disease white-tailed deer are now seen as pests in many suburb and exurban areas of the us , though not in more rural areas .
21	it eats fish , crab , shrimps , frog , toads , lizards , snakes , and small mammals such as mole , and particularly rodents like mice , voles and rats .
55	use as part of folk taxonomy a common name intrinsically plays a part in a classification of objects , typically an incomplete and informal classification , in which some names are degenerate examples in that they are unique and lack reference to any other name , as is the case with say , buchu , mole , and ratel .
12	the most historic achievement of these marines was the capture of the mole during the assault on gibraltar ( sailors of the royal navy captured the rock itself ) and the subsequent defense of the fortress alongside the dutch marines in 1704 .
28	the ferries had a shallow draft , allowing them to skim over the mines floating beneath the surface , and were robust enough to approach the heavily defended mole curling into the north sea .
26	the site the site of alsium is clearly fixed by the distance from porto , at the modern village of palo , with a fort and mole of the 17th century , in the construction of which many ancient materials have been used .