2	the armored deck rested on the top of the waterline belt .
10	the ship 's belt armor was thick , and the deck was thick .
33	hosted by paul lafrance , a contractor who owns cutting edge construction and design in pickering , ontario , each episode depicts lafrance and his team designing and building a unique and dramatic deck for a client .
6	each room has its own private deck and fireplace .
1	the deck armor inside the central citadel ranged from 1 to 1.5 inches in thickness .
2	the armor deck was 1.5 inches thick on the flat and thick where it sloped down to meet the belt .
4	as designed the high-tensile-steel deck ranged from in thickness .
14	on the evening of 14 april , in the wireless room on the boat deck , phillips was sending messages to cape race , newfoundland , working to clear a backlog of passengers ' personal messages that had accumulated when the wireless had broken down the day before .
0	deck - the top surface of the hull keeps water and weather out of the hull and allows the crew to operate the boat more easily .
11	a cabin which protrudes above the level of a ship 's deck may be referred to as a '' deckhouse .
22	binnacle with iron correcting spheres at each side and clinometer below compass a binnacle is a waist-high case or stand on the deck of a ship , generally mounted in front of the helmsman , in which navigational instruments are placed for easy and quick reference as well as to protect the delicate instruments .
3	the ship 's deck was only 25 mm thick over the machinery spaces and thick over the magazines and avgas storage tanks .
9	her armor consisted of belt and bulkhead thick , deck armor thick , and her conning tower had thick armor .
8	the underwater tubes were protected underneath the armor deck , forward of the forward 12-inch magazine .
9	her armor consisted of belt and bulkhead thick , deck armor thick , and her conning tower and gun turrets were thick .
13	the armor of their gun turrets had a maximum thickness of and their deck ranged from in thickness .
10	this consisted of a full-length waterline armoured belt with armored deck above and below .
6	modern trawlers modern trawlers are usually deck vessels designed for robustness .