15	mechanical examples include pendulum ( with small angles of displacement ) , masses connected to spring , and acoustical system .
39	a panhandle hook ( also called panhandle hooker or texas hooker ) is a relatively infrequent winter storm system whose cyclogenesis occurs in the south to southwestern united states from the late fall through winter and into the early spring months .
3	a number of spring can be found in the recesses of the red rock canyon area which lies on the mid-eastern side of the range .
16	most duck species breed once a year , choosing to do so in favourable conditions ( spring / summer or wet seasons ) .
44	cherry blossoms in paris in full bloom in botany , blossom is a term given to the flowers of stone fruit trees ( genus prunus ) and of some other plants with a similar appearance that flower profusely for a period of time in spring .
0	spring , 1998 an unscom inspection team discovers a dump full of destroyed iraqi missiles .
8	native plant include wetland grasses at the natural spring fed lakes ' shorelines , and the native saharan ) the ubari oasis settlement is the second center for the kel ajjer tuareg people , after ghat .
51	the 11th youth in film awards ceremony ( now known as the young artist awards ) , presented by the youth in film association , honored outstanding youth performers under the age of 21 in the fields of film and television for the 1988-1989 season , and took place in the spring of 1990 in hollywood , california .
9	an unusually mild winter and a warm , early spring were followed by an unusually cool , wet summer and a cold , early autumn in 1992 .
53	grass tetany or hypomagnesemic tetany , also known as grass staggers and winter tetany , is a metabolic disease involving magnesium deficiency , which can occur in such ruminant livestock as beef cattle , dairy cattle and sheep , usually after grazing on lush pastures of rapidly growing grass , especially in early spring .
7	the plant germinates in winter or early spring .
15	it is developed in four very pronounced sectors : vertiente del marañon ( marañon 's spring ) , that has important quebrada ( seca , bocana , copallín nuevo and choloque ) .
11	the ring 's inertia energy increased when compressed , like a spring , and was also inversely proportional to its radius , and therefore proportional to its frequency ν .
10	ward erected a drinking fountain on the site of the spring at walton well , located in walton well road , with a plaque dated 1885 .
52	hamlets ansteadbrook this minute southern settlement has a brook of the same name that rises just west at the larger hamlet of almshouse common in haslemere civil parish and passes lythe hill farm and hotel , ( architecturally in the second highest category ) , grade ii \* listed above where further spring add to the flow on both sides of the brook .
7	the species is most active during the spring and early summer although it may be seen into late june .
16	they chose a site on farmland next to the road to burnley , near a natural spring and constructed workers housing close by .
1	during spring , the plant bursts into beautiful massed displays of white pea flowers .
10	some of the largest declines have been observed in the spring and summer months .
11	wetlands the wetlands adjacent to punalu u beach the second largest spring complex on hawai i island is located at punalu u and ninole cove .
50	a switchblade ( also known as an automatic knife , pushbutton knife , ejector knife , switch , sprenger , springer , flick knife , or flick blade ) is a type of knife with a folding or sliding blade contained in the handle which is opened automatically by a spring when a button , lever , or switch on the handle or bolster is activated .
22	cultivation and storage snow peas can be grown in open fields during cool seasons and can thus be cultivated during winter and spring seasons .
18	a field during summer in belgium summer is the warmest of the four temperate season , falling between spring and autumn .
52	'' blue , the color of sapphire , deep water , skies , loyalty and melancholy '' gently flowing : slow , with chords used to depict the lapping of water against a moored boat or a pier '' green , the color of emerald , hope , youth , joy , spring and victory '' moderato : a double fugue ( which has been described as '' schoenbergian '' ) on violas , strings , clarinets and woodwinds , leading to a triumphant climax revision in 1932 , bliss revised the coda of the first two movements .
7	relative gravimeters most common relative gravimeters are spring - based .
7	name the name studeno literally means ' spring ' , and it and similar forms ( e.g. , studenec , studenci ) are relatively common toponyms for places in slovenia associated with springs .
5	the norwegians left in the spring , and sailed north to kintyre ; here they encountered a strong force of scots and both sides lost many men during the ensuing battle .
8	the condition is most often manifested in the spring .
6	distinctive lance-shaped seedheads appear in late spring and summer .
8	the village was famous for its mineral water spring used for healing in sanatorium , including the hawthorne and lithia springs .
14	history willow springs was so named from its position at the site of a spring , surrounded by willow .
6	to the north is a small spring house .
63	summer ( grisham - ग्रीष्म ) may -- july ( वैशाख से आषाढ ) monsoon ( rainy - वर्षा ) mid july - september - श्रावन से भाद्रपद autumn ( शरद् ) october -- november ( आश्विन से कार्तिक ) fall ( हेमन्त ) december-mid january ( मार्गशीर्ष से पौष ) winter ( शिशिर ) mid january-mid march ( पौष से फाल्गुन ) spring ( वसन्त ) march -- april ( फाल्गुन से चैत्र ) language , culture and religion the local village dialect is a mixture of maithili and hindi .
0	spring - a point where groundwater flows out of the ground , and is thus where the aquifer surface meets the ground surface strait - a narrow channel of water that connects two larger bodies of water , and thus lies between two land masses .
10	healthy venus flytraps will produce scapes of white flowers in spring ; however , many growers remove the flowering stem early ( 2 -- 3 inches ) , as flowering consumes some of the plant 's energy , and reduces the rate of trap production .
16	the leechwell , showing its position in leechwell lane the leechwell is a set of three spring in totnes , devon , england .
4	the red room in spring 2006 the band released their new album the red room with a new approach and sound compared to their previous efforts .
20	landowner and slave trader john hart crenshaw leased the state-owned salt works located at the illinois salines , two saline spring along the saline river near equality that were important sources of salt since prehistory .
1	jpg spring and shock absorber file : wrightspeedstearingrack4888 .
4	the source or the spring ) singles 2002 -- '' global fussball ok !
19	its natural habitat are temperate forest , temperate shrubland , river , intermittent rivers , freshwater marsh , freshwater spring , arable land , and urban area .
22	the cheyenne believe that there were many different kinds of water monsters that lived not only in lakes , rivers , and spring but also high bluffs and hills .
4	in essence , non-linear spring are attached to the foundation in place of the soil .
9	although goddess durga was traditionally worshipped in the late spring , due to contingencies of battle , lord rama had to invoke her in the form of astam ( eighth ) mahavidya ( maa bagla ) in the autumn and thus is known as akaal bodhan ( invoking out of scheduled time ) .
63	what causes the mri ? a simple model of mri in a magnetized , perfectly conducting fluid , the magnetic forces behave in some very important respects as though the elements of fluid were connected with elastic bands : trying to displace such an element perpendicular to a magnetic line of force causes an attractive force proportional to the displacement , like a spring under tension .
8	in the next it will climb to a spring where a barrel and a has been installed ( again for the benefit of horses ) and the site of the john robb lean-to , a popular log shelter that burned from causes still unknown in late 2005 .
45	within the body of the punch , there are three principal moving parts arranged in line : the punch the intermediate rod ( tumbler ) the hammer ( hammer mass ) the hammer mass is spring-loaded from the back of the punch by a large spring .
36	the brazilian version only allows bands or groups to compete , not solo artists and duos , to avoid clashing with the voice brasil ( also produced and broadcast by rede globo during the southern hemisphere spring ) .
8	it is well known for its display of spring wildflower .
19	history as of 1850 , the lake was used as a bathing lake and a resort area in the spring .
13	its natural habitat are temperate forest , river , intermittent rivers , freshwater spring and rocky areas .
15	mechanics arresting movement to arrest movement , the method commonly employs a small gravity or spring - actuated lever paired with a notched wheel .
14	seepage of groundwater from the north and west , combined with flow from several spring , feeds the bog formed in a shallow basin at the south end of the reserve .
19	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical dry forest , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , river , freshwater spring , plantation , rural gardens , urban area , pond , and irrigated land .
29	a great council was therefore convened and it was decided that nowruz be moved back to the original position it had during the achaemenid period ; that being during spring .
16	purification requirements for the zav include counting seven days without seminal discharge , immersion in a spring , and bringing certain korban ( sacrifices ) .
15	linear elasticity as noted above , for small deformations , most elastic materials such as spring exhibit linear elasticity and can be described by a linear relation between the stress and strain .
7	its habitat includes rocky mountain streams , spring - fed brooks in the ravines of deciduous forests , muddy sections of streams and seepages .
16	most are accessible all year round , but a few can only be accessed during the spring ( high water ) or fall ( very low water ) .
9	seasonal blooming the flower blooms usually bloom during late spring / early summer , mid summer , and late summer/early fall .
42	official birthday and coronation day of the king of tonga ( tonga ) procession of the cross and the beginning of dormition fast ( eastern orthodoxy ) statehood day ( colorado ) the beginning of autumn observances in the northern hemisphere and spring observances in the southern hemisphere ( neopagan wheel of the year ) : lughnasadh in the northern hemisphere , imbolc in the southern hemisphere ; traditionally begins on the eve of august 1 .
22	the supertab was only available to postpaid members , while hspa + products and services were unavailable to prepaid members until around spring in 2011 .
9	the operator may or may not include a return spring to close the door in case of power failure while the door is open .
14	the two areas were named after the old english '' wella '' , or spring .
11	climate the city of semnan enjoys the traditional four seasons of spring , summer , winter , and autumn each year .
11	his role is to predict whether there will be an early spring .
17	the motion depicted in the animation is for the idealized situation that the force exerted by the spring increases linearly with the distance to the center of rotation .
10	it is famous for two pools fed by an underground spring which seem to '' shimmer '' or '' ripple '' at the bottom due to the action of entering water .
13	in an attempt to compel the people , poseidon created a salt water spring by striking the ground with his trident , symbolizing naval power .
41	flora and fauna vegetation within the site ten main vegetation associations have been identified : mudflat , mangroves , dune systems , grassland , low woodland , sandstone range open woodland , riverine woodland , rainforest ( aquifer forest ) and spring vegetation , major rivers and lagoons ( permanent and ephemeral ) , and savanna woodland .
9	seasonal rivulets on its slopes are from precipitation and spring .
5	it is usually in the spring .
55	the surface heat budget of the arctic ocean ( sheba ) study was a national science foundation - funded research project designed to quantify the heat transfer processes that occur between the ocean and the atmosphere over the course of a year in the arctic ocean , where the sun is above the horizon from spring through summer and below the horizon the rest of the time .
36	the weeks -- mclean act was a law of the united states sponsored by representative john w. weeks ( r ) of massachusetts and senator george p. mclean ( r ) of connecticut that prohibited the spring hunting and marketing of migratory bird and the import of wild bird feather for women 's fashion , ending what was called '' millinery murder '' .
6	at nearby tarren deusant is a spring with unusual petrosomatoglyph carvings of two faces , two saints ( 1696 ) , but now six are present ( sharp 1979 ) .
18	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , river , intermittent freshwater marsh , freshwater spring , rural gardens , heavily degraded former forest , pond , and canal and ditches .
7	another chapel was build next to the spring of '' holy water '' , which is believed by some to possess a healing effect .
33	'' the festival was celebrated near the cave of lupercal on the palatine hill ( the central hill where rome was traditionally founded ) , to expiate and purify new life in the spring .
10	cleveland 's early success came from its location near several spring and water sources .
24	located in yosemite national park in the sierra nevada of california , it is a major attraction in the park , especially in late spring when the water flow is at its peak .
2	fresh water spring are present approximately 2km north of berau , with minor reservoirs around macadade and the eastern slopes of mount manucoco .
9	the original use , however , was for watch spring : the copper cladding prevented corrosion .
9	in the northern hemisphere , the meteorological beginning of spring occurs on the first day of march .
5	the park also has a spring - fed swimming lake which is one of the most popular swimming areas in arkansas .
14	juma river ( ) is a river in northern china that emerges from a spring - fed lake in laiyuan county , hebei province and flows to fangshan district in beijing municipality before emptying into the daqing river , a tributary of the hai river .
34	a man taking water with white porcelain cup , skalní pramen , karlovy vary spa cup is a special kind of porcelain , which is used to drink mineral or thermal water directly from spring .
14	plot summary the trio is journeying to dread mountain when they come across a spring .
7	it is known that water from the spring that had once been used by the celts and the romans was being bottled and sold beginning in 1724 .
37	prior to the construction of the victoria bridge , it was difficult and at times impossible to cross the st. lawrence river during the long winter season , as freeze up and thawing in the fall and spring made for treacherous conditions .
26	one of the oldest traditions of the people in this country is the celebration of novruz and is a cherished holiday of a new year and spring .
23	description the pools consist of three open cistern , each rectilinear pool with a drop to the next , fed from an underground spring .
13	plot summary '' jeeves exerts the old cerebellum '' bertie wooster awakens one spring morning in high spirits , and announces to jeeves , his valet : he thereupon departs for the park , where he encounters bingo little , a friend from his school days , adorned with a hideous deep-red satin tie decorated with horseshoes .
38	move to jetblue park the red sox 's lease with fort myers runs through 2019 , however , team ownership had been toying with exercising the early out in their contract that allows them to leave following the spring season .
1	often spring are used to reduce backlash of the mechanism .
11	its natural habitat are river , freshwater marsh , and freshwater spring .
14	in 1506 , hauptschwenda was mentioned as a pilgrimage place with its annenquelle ( spring , and now called lindenborn ) that could work wonders .
5	it grows in very early spring .
6	a cienega or cienaga is a spring that is usually wet , marshy area at the foot of a mountain , in a canyon , or on the edge of a grassland where groundwater bubbles to the surface .
5	usually , a comb or spring is used to hold the warp threads a bead-width apart .
3	they mate during spring .
2	in the spring of 2007 he earned his debut , and quickly became a starter ; he has scored 2 goals in 8 matches , and made a some god of assists .
15	the susquehanna and tioga turnpike received a moderate amount of use , especially during the spring , when the susquehanna river was commonly used as a method of travel to new york .
5	furthermore , there are a spring - fed outdoor swimming pool in hammelbach and a campsite .
29	they discover that the earth 's civilisation has collapsed a long time ago , and the human race is reduced to eking out a meager living from a tiny spring that grows weaker every year .
5	it celebrates the arrival of spring and is a religious holiday for the alevi as well .
16	the village is situated on the ancient road icknield way and is the location where several spring form a small pool called the lyde .
35	its natural habitat are temperate forest , temperate shrubland , temperate grassland , river , intermittent rivers , swamp , freshwater lake , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , inland deltas , arable land , pastureland , rural gardens , urban area , water storage areas , pond , aquaculture ponds , and irrigated land .
8	the iron-rich waters of chalice well , a spring at the base of the tor , flow out as an artesian well impregnating the sandstone around it with iron oxide that have reinforced it to produce the caprock .
30	every february 2 , on groundhog day , sam 's shadow is closely observed at 08 : 00 ast to make the traditional prediction whether there will be an early spring .
18	the town 's name is a result of the shortening of the indigenous australian word for a nearby spring , pocanmaya .
22	nemausus , for example , was not only the gallic name for the town of nîmes but also that of its presiding spring - god .
2	jpg the spring personified by venus .
17	points of interest the castalia pond , otherwise known as the castalia duck pond , is a spring - fed pond that never freezes .
2	during the spring , the band performs frequently at paid as well as volunteer gigs , and participates in scottish games and bagpipe competitions .
36	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , river , swamp , intermittent freshwater marsh , freshwater spring , arable land , pastureland , plantation , rural gardens , urban area , heavily degraded former forest , irrigated land , and seasonally flooded agricultural land .
12	the area also has a large number of thermal and fresh water spring .
13	it is generally served in cabanes à sucre ( sugar shack ) in spring time , traditionally topped with maple syrup .
16	it is responsible for california 's typically dry summer and fall and typically wet winter and spring , as well as hawaii 's year-round trade winds .
4	nature and the seasons spring in inokashira park is the season of the blooming cherry trees that line the pond .
11	a storage cistern was constructed to store water from a natural spring on the property .
17	history the moor was mentioned in 1311 , being called '' funtenvaes '' , meaning well or spring .
20	devotees and pilgrims offer items for worship directly to the goddess , then touch her and drink water from the spring .
15	it consists of numerous stones around two bathing pools which derive their water from a spring .
15	at ascension , in honor of the zwölf-röhren-brunnen , the beerfelder brunnenfest ( '' beerfelden spring festival '' ) takes place .
8	tule fog forms from late fall through early spring ( california 's rainy season ) after the first significant rainfall .
9	the water used is that of a private family-owned spring fed creek that flows through the fall creek ranch .
3	the fountain 's spring water is gravity fed from the hill above and continues to supply area residents and travelers .
0	spring 2013 : organized student easter egg hunt on bascom hill .
13	the united states army air forces experimented with downward-ejecting systems operated by a spring , but it was the work of sir james martin and his company martin-baker that was to prove crucial .
26	description bisexual flower with pink , purple , blue , or white sepal and three green bract appear singly on hairy stem from late winter to spring .
14	additionally , the park featured a refreshment booth , a baseball diamond and a spring , as well as two pavilions , swings , boardwalks and docks .
19	the brake shoes are held in place by reactor springs ( 2 ) and an adjuster ( 7 ) spring .
8	the flower are catkin , produced in early spring before the leaves ; they are dioecious , with male and female catkins on separate plants .
12	presumably the hotel was named for its lithia water ( lithium ) spring , as was the town of lithia springs , georgia .
15	the lyrics are a straightforward description of the town 's inhabitants enjoying the season of spring .
4	wvsu 's fall and spring commencement ceremonies were held in december and may , respectively , at the charleston civic center in charleston .
14	'' in both 1777 and 1778 , the arkansas post was partially inundated during spring flooding .
2	inconel x750 spring gaskets gaskets are the mechanical seals , or packings , used to prevent the leakage of a gas or fluids from valves .
22	the safety pin , also known as a baby pin , is a variation of the regular pin which includes a simple spring mechanism and a clasp .
17	surface return subsurface water may return to the surface in groundwater flow , such as from a spring , seep , or a water well , or subsurface return to stream , river , and ocean .
23	the climate is mild continental with high humidity , having sultry summer and fog winter ; precipitation is normal , usually happens in spring and autumn .
18	four important archangels are also supposed to display periodic spiritual activity over the seasons : raphael during the spring , uriel during the summer , michael during the autumn , and gabriel during the winter .
9	he suggested replacing the clock 's pendulum with a spring , and standardizing the number of escapement per hour .
16	there are a number of cave and caverns in xilitla , as well as many natural spring .
5	the silo can also be spring - loaded to gradually squeeze the organs through the pouch into the opening and return them into the body .
8	an 1854 edition of eiflia illustrata listed 8 spring in wallenborn , known as brubbeldreis ; they are sulphur-bearing and deadly to insects .
24	of special interest is the coupling of two ( or more ) vibratory systems ( e.g. pendula or resonant circuit ) by means of spring or magnetic field , etc. .
49	habitat the cape river frog occurs in a wide range of temperate to tropical habitat wherever fresh water is at least sufficient seasonally for breeding , including arable land , pastureland , savanna , shrubland , fynbos , grassland , river , swamp , freshwater lake , marsh and spring , water storage areas , pond , dams , and wastewater treatment areas .
1	in spring , thousands of people visit the park to enjoy the cherry blossom during hanami .
18	streams kyll fischbach schlemmbach mineral springs lindenquelle adonis quelle the adonis quelle -- quelle is german for '' spring '' -- lies in the middle of the village , but has been closed since november 2003 owing to contamination .
7	the name is derived from the local spring and lakeports .
5	san felipe springs is a spring in val verde county , texas .
42	in electronics & telecommunication engineering ( ete ) moazzam hossain school of business department of business administration shamsul alamin school of liberal arts & social sciences department of english academic semester the academic duration of pu has three semester a year : spring semester : january april summer semester : may august fall semester : september december lab facilities for eee/ete students computer lab physics lab chemistry lab electrical circuits lab electronics lab electrical machine lab measurement & instrumentation lab high voltage engineering lab energy conversion lab vlsi lab digital signal processing lab software engineering lab microprocessor and interfacing lab digital logic designing lab control systems lab ic fabrication lab ( analog & digital ) communication engineering lab including digital communication lab optical fiber communication lab wireless communication lab rf communication lab microwave engg .
19	the two main categories of protection are passive , with no moving parts , and active , which use spring to keep the gear fixed in place .
16	by analogy to the flow of water , a current source would be like a mountain spring - water flows from its source ( a hidden location underground ) to the surface where it is easily observed .
31	samuel de champlain gave the present name to the island , meaning in french '' high island '' , in 1604 when he observed the towering bluffs , timber and fresh-water spring .
6	it takes its name from a spring on the property .
27	according to her dictionary of american naval fighting ships entry , waubansee was being prepared for reactivation at the time of the entry 's publication in the spring of 1979 , but there are no available records that confirm a reactivation .
25	these thunderstorms can be a result from tropical wave , tropical cyclone , and frontal boundaries which become stationary across the region between fall and spring .
3	from winter to spring , it bears peppery-smelling flower with 5 oval petal opening white , then turning pale pink , usually with an irregular crimson-magenta mark at the base .
13	its natural habitat are temperate forest , river , intermittent rivers , freshwater spring , and rocky areas .
42	jufer and luginbühl link ancamna with two other consorts of the gaulish mars , litavis and nemetona , noting that none of these appear to be warrior goddesses themselves ; instead , they suggest that ancamna might have been associated with a spring .
8	while severe thunderstorms are most common in the spring and summer , they can occur at just about any time of the year .
10	the festivals of ayyanars are celebrated in sacred groves during spring season by all the related clan .
18	its range includes parts of alabama , georgia , and tennessee , where it occurs in natural freshwater spring typically abundant in watercress .
13	as a consequence the majority of ground-water data comes from samples taken from spring , well , water supply bore-holes and in natural cave .
23	the sense circuitry then removes power from the solenoid ( 5 ) and the contacts ( 4 ) are forced apart by a spring , cutting off the electricity supply to the appliance .
15	takam s were originally played as messengers bearing the tiding of the arrival of the spring .
14	despite the name , cuddie springs is an ephemeral lake , and not a spring .
21	the boat , guided by the hand of god , arrived at bréville-sur-mer ( manche ) where a reputedly miraculous healing spring arose on the spot where helier 's body rested overnight .
4	sumerians harvested during the spring in three-person teams consisting of a reaper , a binder , and a sheaf handler .
24	according to polyaenus , a writer of the 2nd century , after the pipe was discovered , the attackers added the hellebore to the spring from which the water came , without ever actually depriving the kirrhans of water .
7	water is gathered from the numerous mountain spring , which are abundant in the area .
28	ulysses is an indie rock band formed by robert schneider ( lead vocalist of the apples in stereo ) along with john ferguson and ben fulton in the spring of 2003 .
6	'' aviv '' accordingly also means spring , one of the four seasons .
13	design of the car and all engineering drawings had been completed by the spring of 1947 .
7	once the wheel is released , it spring back to the middle position and the media pauses or begins playing again .
1	several spring exist in the granite mountains , though they may not flow year round .
9	the range is home to at least three natural spring , and the ` tom reed mine .
5	each occurred in a different spring in the pahrump valley .
14	climate the climate of the city is predominantly dry in winter , autumn and spring due to the low atmospheric moisture and an effective precipitation corresponding to that of a semiarid climate .
3	the well or spring first appeared on maps in 1873 .
5	big butte springs are natural spring located near the south fork of big butte creek in jackson county , oregon , about north of medford .
2	cserta 's spring is at the kandikó hill .
7	maximum precipitation typically occurs in the late spring and early summer .
8	finally , a muscle can behave like a spring which extends linearly as a force is applied .
15	jackson , named after colonel alden jackson , was founded in 1848 around a year-round spring .
39	henery lures the dawg out of his house by drawing a doorbell and presses it and plays a piano while the dawg dances to the music and the dawg gets whacked and trips over a banana peel and a spring while walking clumsily and landing on a rollerskate .
5	this song was featured in spring / summer 2009 on the vodafone advert in the uk .
11	although the game 's japanese release was originally slated for the spring of 2005 , the first phase of closed beta test was greatly delayed and did n't begin until july 7 , 2005 .
24	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical dry forest , subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , river , intermittent rivers , and freshwater spring .
14	tacitus relates that the early germans celebrated only three seasons , the equivalents to spring , summer and winter , whilst the law book of iceland , from a thousand years later , indicates that the germanic icelanders divided the year only into summer and winter .
13	the horse draws its body together so that it becomes like a giant spring whose stored energy can be reclaimed for fighting or running from a predator .
7	the area is renowned for its hot spring , renaissance villa and etruscan ruins .
12	its toponym is derived from the old english cille-rīþ , meaning '' spring - stream '' .
17	even during the war , infrastructure improvements continued : the waterworks were expanded by a newly bored spring .
15	tornadoes , caused by the convergence of westerly and southerly prevailing winds during the late spring , are common , making the region part of tornado alley .
17	aboriginal tribes developed rituals around sugar-making , celebrating the sugar moon ( the first full moon of spring ) with a maple dance .
21	tulips are also popular in australia and several festivals are held in september and october , during the southern hemisphere 's spring .
0	spring , summer and autumn activities on the lake include boating , fishing , and water skiing .
6	there was a place where natural spring created a huge swampy mud in the middle of the wigley road , which led to its closing .
0	spring often begins in late february or early march , following the onset of a sharp warmup .
16	'' however , the monument also has a more practical use , built above a piped spring : should a fire break out again it would supply a head of water for the attachment of fire hoses .
24	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , river , intermittent rivers , freshwater spring , plantation , rural gardens , heavily degraded former forest , irrigated land and seasonally flooded agricultural land .
16	it later became known as la cienega mud springs , so named because of local mud spring that created a riparian marsh and healing place .
14	mythical origins it was used during the pagan celebrations of the return of the spring time .
12	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland and freshwater spring .
11	route the colne rises perennially from a subterranean river at a spring in north mymms park in hertfordshire .
41	the warkworth district is known as the kowhai coast , named after the native kowhai tree , and the town 's annual kowhai festival is one of the largest community festivals in the country , running for around a week in spring .
19	its name derives from the hometown of the first colonial settlers , sharon , connecticut , and the important spring in the village .
44	its natural habitat are boreal forest , temperate forests , temperate shrubland , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , temperate grassland , river , intermittent rivers , swamp , freshwater lake , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , rocky areas , arable land , pastureland , plantation , rural gardens , urban area , water storage areas , pond , and introduced vegetation .
2	a good spring can be found about a quarter-mile from the hollow ( headed up the mountain ) , and the 3,855-foot ( 1,175 m ) summit itself is just off-trail later .
7	other kinds of resistance machines friction machines spring - loaded machines ( such as bowflex ) fan-loaded machines fluid-loaded machines bullworker hydraulic equipment whole body vibration outdoor gym pneumatic exercise equipment soloflex stretchtrainer endless-path machines the gymnasticon , an early exercise machine resembling a stationary bicycle stationary bicycles exercise bicycle running/walking machines treadmill elliptical trainer elliptical machines ellipticals ( elliptical machines ) are a combination of stair-climbing and a treadmill .
33	groundwater flow is defined as the '' ... part of streamflow that has infiltrated the ground , has entered the phreatic zone , and has been discharged into a stream channel , via spring or seepage water '' .
5	it is home to a spring at the base of the mountain , arashiyama , that is believed to be blessed .
5	the lake is fed by spring and adirondacks mountain streams .
22	it is the second of the band 's vivaldi project , a planned series of four albums representing the four season -- spring , summer , autumn and winter respectively .
11	natural examples geographical features an ephemeral waterbody is a wetland , spring , stream , river , pond or lake that only exists for a short period following precipitation or snowmelt .
12	geography physical source the source of the eurotas river is a surface spring called piges evrota ( πηγές ευρώτα , '' eurotas springs '' ) located near the village of skortsinos , arcadia , by the side of the road ascending from kyparissi .
9	it is harvested in october and released in the spring after fermenting for 21 months in 75 percent new and 25 percent seasoned french oak barrels .
74	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , dry savanna , moist savanna , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland , river , intermittent rivers , swamp , freshwater lake , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , arable land , pastureland , rural gardens , urban area , heavily degraded former forests , water storage areas , pond , open excavations , and canal and ditches .
13	the hydraulic working fluid is basically incompressible , leading to a minimum of spring action .
16	the blades are closed with a rope and pulley , and they are opened with a spring .
11	earthworm form an important part of the diet , especially in spring .
55	ickwell may day villagers & morris-men dancing beside the maypole on ickwell green , soon after dawn on 1 may 2005 the ickwell may day festival , first documented in the churchwarden ' accounts of c. 1565 but perhaps originating in the pre-christian beltane , takes place on ickwell green and celebrates the arrival of spring on may morning , or 1 may .
0	spring and field drainage in the peover area join to make a brook called peover eye , which runs away north-northwest and runs into the wincham brook a bit northeast of lostock gralam .
15	both male and female species mate during winter , following by an egg development in spring .
18	fresh water saturated the limestone that underlies the everglades , eroding some of it away , and created spring and sinkhole .
31	strokkur geyser , iceland steam phase eruption of castle geyser demonstrates primary and secondary rainbow and alexander 's band in yellowstone national park a geyser ( ; or ) is a spring characterized by intermittent discharge of water ejected turbulently and accompanied by a vapor phase ( steam ) .
9	in the northern hemisphere naw-rúz marks the coming of spring .
38	the shelters themselves are located on an east-facing cliff in an outcrop of tick ridge sandstone at the end of the eponymous rockhouse hollow ; between the two , away from the southern shelter , lies a small spring , whence rises a small stream that flows into the nearby poison creek .
30	background over the course of the series , the seasonal effect on the continent is explored , from one of the harshest winter on the planet to the arrival of spring , which welcomes a population of ocean travellers returning to breed .
20	full-length show in 2012 , bnt produced its first full-length student-written show , and has continued to do so every spring .
32	the months and seasons in the calendar are : grishho ( summer ) borsha ( rainy ) sharat ( autumn ) hemanta ( late autumn ) sheeth ( winter ) bashanta ( spring ) nanakshahi calendar the months in the nanakshahi calendar are : khmer calendar like the hindu calendar , the khmer calendar consists of both a lunar calendar and a solar calendar .
6	etymology aïn is arabic and means spring , while beïda means white .
16	in the high mountains , they bloom in summer ; at lower elevations , in late spring .
5	it is close to the spring of ain el-jobb .
3	the estate 's spring - fed wooden water tank is also nearby .
24	its natural habitat are temperate forest , temperate shrubland , river , intermittent rivers , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , and freshwater spring .
21	diatomic gases a diatomic gas can be modelled as two masses , m 1 and m 2 , joined by a spring of stiffness a , which is called the rigid rotor-harmonic oscillator approximation .
26	weather during winter the expected temperature for chartrettes is 0 ° c - 7 ° c ( 33 ° f - 43 ° f. ) during spring and autumn it 's 5 ° c-11 ° c ( 38 ° f - 58 ° f. ) during summer it has a huge bracket from 7 ° c - 30 ° c ( 44.6 ° f - 86 ° f. ) it is highly unlikely to snow .
26	its first mile remains relatively level as it follows the brook on that side closely , passing the lean-to site on that side and a developed spring .
55	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , dry savanna , moist savanna , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , river , intermittent rivers , shrub-dominated wetland , swamp , freshwater lake , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , and freshwater spring .
21	cadiz springs state recreation area is a state park unit of wisconsin , united states , featuring two reservoir on a spring - fed creek .
25	after spending several thousand pounds , and sinking a shaft over 1,000 feet deep , the enterprise was abandoned on account of the now rising spring .
7	holi ( ) ( ) is a spring festival also known as the festival of colors or the festival of love .
7	river wyeth , arising from the verinag spring and joining lamer at the end of the village .
19	that means the seasons consist of warm summer , mild wet winter , cool pleasant fall , and warm spring .
10	foghorn falls to the earth , landing on a bed spring .
4	the larvae pupate in spring .
5	sequana was confined to her spring shrine near dijon , sulis belonged to bath .
20	sims are able to build snowmen during the winter , rake fallen leaves in autumn , jump in puddle during spring and occasionally experience heat stroke in summer .
6	if flow is large enough a spring occurs and becomes the start of a creek or river .
8	it grows in moist open habitat such as spring - fed grassland .
13	some round nose pliers have insulated handles for safe electrical work , a spring - fitted joint and comfortable grips on the handles .
3	naray a natural spring which is used as a public bath .
19	the 10th youth in film awards marked the first year the ceremony was moved from the fall to the spring ( the previous 9th youth in film awards ceremony taking place in december 1987 ) .
17	according to rudolf steiner , four important archangels also display periodic spiritual activity over the seasons : spring is raphael , summer is uriel , autumn is michael , and winter is gabriel .
7	in a real spring–mass system , the spring has a non-negligible mass .
16	these flashlights can also be distinguished by the technique used to store the energy : a spring , a flywheel , a battery or a capacitor .
7	habitat it is associated with marsh and spring , and is the only aquatic species within its genus .
20	one area of the main fortification was broken down , creating a gully which flowed with water from a nearby spring .
10	renovation the renovation project was a challenging one ; the spring and watercourses that provided the water used in the brewing process had to be diverted without damaging the unique ecosystem that is a recognized site of special scientific interest .
20	the first song she ever recorded was the bosnian sevdalinka '' nad izvorom vrba se nadvila '' ( over the spring , the willow tree hung ) , although it was n't officially released until her 1968 album otiš ' o si bez pozdrava ( you left without saying goodbye ) , three years after her first album was released .
12	the temple is situated on a hill , approximately from the main spring in the area , the naba al-arbain .
9	australian time zones during daylight-saving time ( from southern spring to southern autumn ) the choice of whether to use daylight saving time ( dst ) in australia is a matter for the individual states and territories .
9	caper promotes an annual convention , ( usually at spring ) where it does conferences and provides commercial exhibition of new products which is attended by over 8000 industry professionals , including people from nearby countries like uruguay , paraguay , bolivia and chile .
18	in greek mythology , the pegaeae ( ; πηγαῖαι ) were a type of naiad that lived in spring .
19	points lifespan became a factor of rubbing block ( cam follower ) wear and the life cycle of the spring with some lasting almost 100,000 miles .
7	is the day before the beginning of spring in japan .
14	the school is accredited by wasc and earned its most recent six-year accreditation in spring , 2007 .
21	the time delay of a no. 9 is determined solely by the thickness of the notch in the wire , the spring tension , and the temperature .
4	the development of a spring area , the building of a water cistern and the laying of waterpipes were carried out between 1900 and 1902 .
8	reproduction two males in a territorial display during spring their breeding habitat consists of forested areas across north america and as far south as central america .
11	in the dockweiler wald ( forest ) is an acidic mineral spring .
10	with a willow planted landscape , the birds coming in spring , the beautiful sounds that succeed the cold , the bad , when everyone could calm down and rest .
14	bahá'u'lláh explained that the appearance of successive messengers was like the annual coming of spring , which brings new life to the world which has come to neglect the teachings of the previous messenger .
5	strange name comes from a spring , which does not freeze even in winter .
9	the escapement is driven by force from a coiled spring or a suspended weight , transmitted through the timepiece 's gear train .
7	these mechanical controllers used a lever , spring and a mass and were often energized by compressed air .
11	its natural habitat are river , intermittent freshwater marsh , freshwater spring , temperate desert ( including the atacama desert ) , and pond .
18	in most species , leaves come up in autumn , grow through the winter , and die in spring , then the plant goes dormant through the dry mediterranean summer .
12	some choose to modify their valves by attaching a pneumatic actuator or spring to achieve a faster opening speed .
10	the centerpiece of the park is a clear blue underground-fed spring in which visitors can swim .
8	the area benefits from a three-season climate ( spring , summer , and fall ) with an average annual rainfall of .
32	additionally , the stiffness ( i.e. total moment divided by sway angle ) was found to be very close to 1 , indicating a resemblance between the ankle joint and a perfect spring .
23	it is characterised by nutrient-poor sandy soils , frequent wildfire , a very high level of endemism , spectacular displays of wildflower in spring , and a mediterranean climate with winter rainfall and hot , dry summers .
8	this he named izumiya , literally meaning '' spring shop '' .
22	rinzenberg had its heyday in the 16th century when the village profited from business earned by the hambacher sauerbrunnen -- a mineral spring from which flowed acidic water -- which allowed the village to become a spa .
40	turning north on the gp , the trail remains level , passing an official campsite and some muddy spots until it reaches the base of giant ledge 0.6 mile ( 1 km ) later , where a good , reliable spring can be found via a short side trail .
7	she thus represents a water source or spring which , in classical literature , is sacred to the muses and a source of poetic inspiration .
14	st. søren 's church in old rye is at the site of a holy spring , and has had the reputation for bringing about miracle .
29	geneva wheels having the form of the driven wheel were also used in mechanical watch , but not in a drive , rather to limit the tension of the spring , such that it would operate only in the range where its elastic force is nearly linear .
16	the calves are moved one at a time through narrow runs leading to a chute with spring - loaded doors .
55	vasant panchami ( hindi : वसन्त पञ्चमी ) , sometimes referred to as saraswati puja ( bengali language : সরস০বত ী পূজা ) , shree panchami , or the basant festival of kites is a sikh and hindu festival held on the fifth day of magha ( in early february ) marking the start of spring and the holi season .
9	a mechanical component analogous to an inductor is a spring .
72	other latex metal wood plant pollen ( hay fever ) grass -- ryegrass , timothy-grass weed -- ragweed , plantago , nettle , artemisia vulgaris , chenopodium album , sorrel tree -- birch , alder , hazel , hornbeam , aesculus , willow , poplar , platanus , tilia , olea , ashe juniper , alstonia scholaris seasonal allergies seasonal allergy symptoms are commonly experienced part of the year , usually during spring , summer or fall when certain trees or grasses pollinate .
32	its natural habitat are moist savanna , subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , and pastureland .
11	information the squaw valley reservoir is primarily fed by a large spring located less than a mile to the north .
22	in surveys made in europe and the united states , green is the color most commonly associated with nature , youth , spring , hope and envy .
1	oleander spring ) is the capital city of aïn defla province , algeria .
50	a cruise collection or resort collection , sometimes also referred to as holiday or travel collection ( collection croisière , in french ) , is an inter-season or pre-season line of ready-to-wear clothing produced by a fashion house or fashion brand in addition to the recurrent twice-yearly seasonal collections - spring / summer and autumn ( or fall ) / winter - heralded at the fashion shows in new york , london , paris and milan .
19	glenn springs is an unincorporated community in spartanburg county , south carolina , united states , located at a spring .
13	the collect pond ( or fresh water pond ) was a body of spring - fed fresh water , occupying approximately 48 acres ( 194,000 m ² ) and as deep as .
8	the cantata relates to the customs around welcoming spring , and the cleansing of springs of detritus at the end of winter .
28	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical dry forest , dry savanna , subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland , river , swamp , intermittent freshwater marsh , freshwater spring , and heavily degraded former forests .
2	a healing spring at the traditional site of her death is now a shrine and pilgrimage site called st winefride 's well in holywell , flintshire , wales known as the lourdes of wales .
11	the bit usually recovers from the stroke by means of a spring .
16	transport operations to okinawa , intermingled with type and refresher training exercises , continued through the spring of 1967 .
42	general j. e. b. stuart , namesake of stuart , virginia world war i to world war ii ( 1917-1945 ) before 1915 , no public water or sewer system was available , and water came from private well or from nearby spring .
4	puelche winds appearing in spring can cause fast snow melt in the andes producing floods and reducing the albedo of glacier .
14	torikai yukihiro , a japanese economist , ph. d , economics background a beautiful spring of yunnan , china , is managed by local residents who use its water for agricultural production .
5	the place , with natural spring , was a ranch and stagecoach station in the lower eastern side of historic tehachapi pass .
17	the month of february & march fall in the transitional season from winter to summer described as spring or '' basant '' .
10	they are deposited in sandy or muddy flats in the spring .
24	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , river , intermittent rivers , freshwater spring , and heavily degraded former forest .
13	the settlement 's standard german name brunngeräuth literally means ' clearing with a spring ' .
24	the attributes of demigod kamadeva are as such : his companions are a cuckoo , a parrot , humming bee , the season of spring , and the gentle breeze .
6	the city was named after a spring , kyre , which the greeks consecrated to apollo .
45	cultivation philip miller wrote of the ease of cultivation of c. ornithopodioides in his 1754 the gardeners dictionary : '' ... will thrive in open air ; so the seeds of this may be sown on a bed of light earth in april ( late spring ) , where the plants are to remain ; and will require no other culture , but to keep them clear from weeds : in june ( early summer ) they will flower , and the seeds will ripen in august ( late summer ) ; and the plants will soon after perish .
8	in west bengal , it is associated with spring , especially through the poems and songs of nobel laureate rabindranath tagore , who likened its bright orange flame-like flower to fire .
11	there was no running water or sewerage , and only two spring for drinking water to supplement the increasingly polluted river .
23	its weather is characterized by hot and dry summers and mild to cool winters , when most of the precipitation is concentrated ( spring and autumn being pleasantly warm transitional seasons ) .
21	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , river , freshwater spring , and rocky areas .
7	it has been theorised that an underground spring feeds into the loch , maintaining a degree of freshness sufficient to offset its stagnation .
5	as the seasons change from spring to summer , the bonds between makoto and his friends deepen and they gain new allies and insight into the horrific origins of the shadows and the dark hour .
15	because of the importance of water , spadefoots are active during the wet season ( spring and summer in the northern hemisphere ) , and remain underground during the dry season ( fall and winter ) .
26	when there was a great water shortage in 1870 , a fountain to supply people with water , was built which was fed by a natural spring .
28	his fitch sprint had only minor modifications to the engine , bringing it to 155 hp ( 116 kw ) , but upgrades to the shock absorber and spring , adjustments to the wheel alignment , quicker steering ratio , alloy wheels , metallic brake lining , the obligatory wood-rimmed steering wheel ( leather available for an additional $ 9.95 ) and other such minor alterations made it extremely competitive with european sports cars costing much more .
7	painted caves , a cave with a spring in val verde county , texas , 20 kilometers southeast of comstock , texas .
29	where a traditional schedule has students moving to eight classes a day , the block schedule has four 90-minute classes in the fall and four different classes in the spring .
7	course shire brook rises as an underground spring at a height of 192 metres above sea level beneath the red lion public house in the gleadless townend residential area at .
4	its source is the spring puits de bontemps , 1.5 km south of brouchaud .
19	the gaussian network model ( gnm ) is a representation of a biological macromolecule as an elastic mass-and - spring network to study , understand , and characterize mechanical aspects of its long-scale dynamics .
12	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist montane forest and freshwater spring .
22	a convenient , level spot was chosen near the intended building site and close to a suitable water supply ( usually a spring or creek ) .
1	a spring in the village of jeloboc has an output of a second .
4	it rises from a spring in the chalk of the chiltern hills at dagnall , buckinghamshire and flows through hemel hempstead , kings langley and croxley green to rickmansworth where it joins the the river colne .
24	in hebrew , the name maya ( מַיָּה / מאיה in hebrew ) is a short form of '' ma'ayan , '' meaning '' spring '' or '' brook .
11	its natural habitat are rivers , intermittent rivers , and freshwater spring .
31	it is not named after the season , but , like that word , derives from the meaning '' jump , burst forth , rise '' , as in a natural spring .
20	the city also receives an average of 540,000 gallons ( 2 million liters ) per day of groundwater from a spring .
18	generally , a mass convention assembly of large number of related family member gathering is organized during the spring season for a period of 2 to 3 days .
23	while his team was viewed as the favorite going into the 78th national high school baseball invitational tournament to be held the following spring , tomakomai high was forced to withdraw from the tournament because of allegations of misconduct of some of the players .
21	dock leveler - a height-adjustable platform used as a bridge between dock and truck , can be operated via mechanical ( spring ) , hydraulic , or air powered systems .
16	its natural habitat are temperate forest , river , intermittent rivers , swamp , and freshwater spring .
5	swimming is available in a spring - fed lake south of the campground .
15	infrastructure stone aqueduct , sometimes spanning miles , brought fresh water from a river or spring to the mission site .
20	the land in question is apparently '' dry '' , but papet knows of a source of water , a spring , that can solve that problem .
21	the car , which was made up mostly of model t parts , was discovered to have a broken right front spring .
16	its natural habitat are temperate forest , temperate grassland , river , intermittent rivers , freshwater spring , and pastureland .
2	in the spring , a large number of bluebell cover the woodland , along with primroses and field maple .
19	water for the castle was originally raised from the courtyard well , but was later piped in from a spring across the valley ; the castle kitchens had acquired running water by the beginning of the 17th century .
19	hooke 's law is a principle of physics that states that the force needed to extend or compress a spring by some distance is proportional to that distance .
10	the name is supposed to have been derived from the spring which runs out of the bunter sandstone over a bed of clay , near to the northern end of the forest , called '' bull well .
4	the source is a spring approximately to the northwest of pringle falls .
39	the months of april and may , the hot and dry months when schools are on their long , between-years break , is referred to as summer while in most of the northern hemisphere those months are part of spring .
4	batman # 1 ( spring 1940 ) .
14	the reverdie is an old french poetic genre , which celebrates the arrival of spring .
4	every year in the spring , around september , the town holds a mock regatta which large numbers of locals and tourists attend .
6	howard springs , was a historical spring , located in the stream channel of howard draw at an elevation of 2031 feet , just north of the mouth of government canyon at its confluence with howard draw in what is now crockett county , texas .
32	a majority -- 73 % -- of the population of ewell is in the abc1 social class history the name ewell derives from old english æwell , which means river source or spring .
8	the eye of kuruman ( ) is a spring in the town of kuruman ( part of the ga-segonyana local municipality ) in the province of northern cape , south africa .
10	march : this month is synonymous with the onset of spring ( in the northern hemisphere ) .
20	january 15 , 2005 - the ndp 's provincial council meets in moncton and decides to delay the vote from spring to fall .
6	during the winter and into the spring seasons , well-defined , clustered , circular patches 10-20 cm in diameter , of necrotic leaf tissues form on mown turf .
2	in the spring of 1540 , cortés returned to spain for the last time ; this was the first time that martín cortés , son of malinche , and don martín cortés met .
25	the mountain is particularly steep on the northern side , is sparsely covered at the top with shrubbery , and lower down there is a spring with a high yield of fresh water .
1	a spring rising in the cave is recorded in the 13th century '' annals of waverley abbey '' as '' ludewell '' ; other spellings through history include '' ludwell '' and '' luddwelle '' .
2	during that spring , he was involved in trade rumors that would have sent him to the boston red sox for closer lee smith , but nothing ever materialized ( a deal for smith was eventually reached after the start of the season for tom brunansky ) .
7	disks are designed such that either a spring or , more recently , rotational inertia in the platters is used to park the heads in the case of unexpected power loss .
8	its natural habitat are temperate forest , freshwater spring , rocky areas , and cave .
11	the park is renowned for its chalybeate ( iron bearing ) spring , which is now named st. ann 's well .
16	the gustloff volkssturmgewehr is constructed rather like many semi-automatic pistol , it has a casing and spring around the barrel ; the whole casing recoils backward .
6	c.j. came back to town in spring 2002 , with a huge chip on his shoulder for everyone , especially the forresters .
9	early life drumont was born in paris on the spring of 1844 to a family of porcelain - painters from lille .
13	the city is named for its historic lithia springs ( lithia water ) spring .
10	the biggest volume of discharge in slovak rivers is during spring , when the snow is melting from the mountains .
8	it is also the only one with a spring ball launcher and no multiball ( presumably because of the potential for one of the balls to transition between tables ) .
20	history the name of the island was possibly derived from prvin , the name of the pre-christian croatian god of spring .
14	climate while they are common in the northern portion of florida , no underground spring feed water into the everglades system .
10	the head is the end of the fibula with the spring or hinge .
13	trading with canada since taking command of the '' jean '' , every spring and fall , allan took his brig from greenock to montreal and back again .
23	radium springs is best known as the location of one of the '' seven natural wonders of georgia '' : the largest natural spring in the state .
9	the park is characterized by its pine forestland , spring brooks , and swamps .
4	hanwell has a reliable spring , so its toponym later changed from - weg to - welle .
0	spring traps for large rodent such as rats or squirrel are powerful enough to break the animal 's neck or spine .
18	it has been postulated that elastic structures in series with the contractile component can store energy like a spring after being forcibly stretched .
21	he informs the king that the flooding of the nile is controlled by the god khnum at elephantine from a sacred spring located on the island , where the god resides .
10	the warming has been the strongest in the winter and spring months .
27	its natural habitat are temperate forest , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , temperate desert , arable land , and rural gardens .
8	it is suspended by a low-loss planer metal spring centered in a 27.4 cm diameter cylinder .
7	the pin has one or more lengthwise spring that bulge outwards slightly , giving the appearance of a banana .
7	using either motor driven cables or a spring system , the pantograph can be balanced so that a light touch can readjust the height of the load ( usually a lamp ) .
13	alapaha rise , also known as shelley run , is the largest single spring in the united states .
12	in temperate and subpolar regions , generally four seasons are recognized : spring , summer , autumn and winter , astronomically marked by the sun reaching the points of equinox and solstice , although the climatic seasons lag behind their astronomical markers .
13	after seed ripens in early summer , plants go dormant till the next spring .
1	in spring and summer , it migrates to spruce and infects recently emerged needle , coloring them in yellow .
14	purification process the sifra stipulates that the zavah is required to immerse in a spring ( as opposed to the standard mikveh bath ) to obtain taharah ( purification ) .
5	when the eggs hatch in spring , they start feeding on gooseberries , potato , and other fruit and vegetable .
38	different sorts of replacement industries were created with help of state subsidies both by lesjöfors and other companies during the decade after the closure of the paper mill , amongst other things wallpaper , wooden shelves and automotive spring were produced before lesjöfors ab went bankrupt in 1985 .
4	some poles come with spring - loaded sections to aid walking under normal conditions and to reduce wrist strain , but such devices may only add unwanted weight and noise to the poles .
3	it flowers in spring , from may to august , and produces seed from july to september .
6	ponce de leon springs were natural spring located on the site of the future ponce city market ( formerly the sears building , then city hall east ) in atlanta , where ponce de leon avenue crosses the beltline , and where the old fourth ward , virginia highland , midtown and poncey-highland neighborhoods of atlanta meet .
7	thalictrum thalictroides ( rue-anemone ) is a spring ephemeral plant in the buttercup family , prized for its white to pink flowers , native to woodland in eastern north america .
27	the main charge in the arms , a fountain , is canting for the placename ending -- born , which can mean '' fountain '' or '' spring '' in german .
8	location sunset at namsen the river begins in spring in børgefjell national park , just over the border in nordland county .
14	the name of the park comes from the indigenous australian name of a nearby spring , it is also the name of a town located to the east of the park .
12	the word badjalling is the aboriginal name for the nearby soak and spring .
5	its natural habitat are freshwater spring , inland karst , and cave .
2	in the spring , people practiced customs , which would ensure health of their crops and future successful harvest .
19	description the clipper mountain wilderness has rugged yellow and dark brown , horizontally striped mesa , narrow canyon with spring , and sparsely vegetated alluvial fan .
13	it is often found that this species of bee leave their nests around spring .
30	brilliant was also one of the first cities in the area to have running water -- they constructed a reservoir to hold water from the kootenay river and a local spring , and by 1912 , each household had running water .
7	in october 2011 ( i.e. in the spring ) , two people were killed and nearly 200 were injured after a tornado formed .
9	19th century pioneer travelers on the mojave road found spring and stream in the mountains and '' thanked divine providence , '' resulting in the range receiving the present name .
23	aquifers versus aquitards aquifers are typically saturated regions of the subsurface that produce an economically feasible quantity of water to a well or spring ( e.g. , sand and gravel or fractured bedrock often make good aquifer materials ) .
22	a natural lake ( the mill pond ) exists on the northern edge of the area ; it is fed by a spring at its southeast end .
18	live recordings 2004 is the first ep by english alternative rock band keane , first released in late spring 2005 ( see 2005 in music ) .
10	the river is fed by a number of sources including spring from biggin moor , great hormead brook , little hormead brook and various field ditches , including the braughing bourne - the site of a former glacier from the ice age .
9	cheese rolling double gloucester cheese is also used every spring for the cooper 's hill cheese-rolling and wake , a sport considered to be dangerous due to the lengthy , steep gloucestershire hillside ( 50 % downhill gradient at over 200 yards ) in which the event takes place .
6	nowruz marks the first day of spring or equinox as and the beginning of the year in the persian calendar .
4	there are meadows around spring areas .
1	that spring on detelinara they signed : stojan pilipović , jovan ninković and zoran milovac , who wore its nations under 21 team 's kit .
13	each paddle is connected to the row-bar and provides both balance and minor spring tension to the rowing process .
17	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland , river , freshwater marsh , and freshwater spring .
15	the construction requires connection between the inner and outer , this was originally by coiled spring and has now been replaced by stretched rubber , the manufacturer claims this gives the elastic feature for which the product is named , it is not clear if this translates to improved efficiency or if the increased environmental cost of manufacture outweighs this .
53	if succeeded you say april , april din dumma sill jag kan lura dig vart jag vill meaning april , april you stupid herring , i can trick you where ever i want ( to ) on the last day of april walpurgis night ( valborg ) is celebrated throughout sweden to greet spring .
20	it is endemic to the united states where its natural habitat are temperate forest , river , freshwater marsh and spring .
8	the meres were fed from a fresh water spring 2,000 feet ( 600 m ) inland , linked to the meres by an underground stone channel .
6	the travertine which forms round the spring of the sarno was used even at ancient pompeii as building material .
22	the album revolves around a seasonal concept ; the first four songs each represent one of the traditional four seasons , respectively spring , summer , autumn , and winter , while the final track , '' histoires sans paroles '' , represents the imaginary fifth season .
4	water eye but also spring ) commemorating three of sisters who were killed in the struggle against dictatorship .
16	history lichun egg egg balancing has been connected with lichun , the solar term beginning chinese spring ( ) on february 4 or 5 when the sun is at the celestial longitude of 315 ° .
13	river sports the river is famous for its steelhead run in the early spring , followed by a salmon run in early autumn .
11	it is only known from three adult males collected from cold spring - fed streams in the apalachicola national forest , florida .
19	geographic distribution i. hadei is endemic to greece , where it where it is only known from a small spring 5 km southwest of githion .
1	amguel spring ) is a town and commune in tamanrasset district , tamanrasset province , algeria .
7	the source of the river is a spring at up sydling .
2	in the spring of 2007 , the florida legislature ( controlled by republicans in both chambers , passed the house bill 537 which moved the date of the state 's republican and democratic primaries to january 29 , a week before the earliest permitted date of both parties .
1	its spring is a little north of the north norfolk village of roughton .
24	wattle day is a national day of celebration in australia on the first day of september , that is also the first day of spring in the southern hemisphere .
17	the town 's name is aboriginal in origin , and is the local name for a nearby spring .
19	design and use an ear being pierced with a piercing gun traditional model the most common design uses a spring that stores potential energy when part of the ear piercing instrument is pulled back .
13	geologist james dwight dana later attributed the '' beaver pond '' to natural spring , rather than the activity of beaver .
15	bowls can be pure curved geometry , or have motifs of a shell or pseudo-rocky spring .
17	its natural habitat are temperate grassland , river , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , and arable land .
4	the area has numerous spring and seep .
19	this is usually the case in the early parts of the season that , although always starts after the spring equinox , is still within the traditional snow season in the northern half of north america .
30	the transhumance form of herding in the sierra nevada of california still continues , as cattle , sheep or goats are moved from winter pasture in lower elevation valleys to spring and summer pasture in the foothills and alpine regions , as the seasons progress .
12	its natural habitat are temperate forest , river , swamp , freshwater spring , and irrigated land .
1	a spring fastened to the bottom of the wood .
21	suspension suspension seatposts allow the saddle to move up and down with either a telescoping or parallelogram mechanism and incorporate a spring , an elastomer , or compressed air and possibly a damper to insulate against bumps .
10	in the forest that abuts the town is an old spring near which some roman and celtic figures were found .
17	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , river , intermittent rivers , freshwater spring , rocky areas , and heavily degraded former forest .
4	the village has a spring which is intermittent .
7	it is preceded by vasant , the spring season , and followed by varsha , the rainy season .
19	one epidemiological finding is that people diagnosed with schizophrenia are more likely to have been born in winter or spring ( at least in the northern hemisphere ) .
54	a 17th-century spanish writer , alonso hernández del portillo , asserts that '' the city contained many tides and fountains of very sweet and healthy water '' and that '' fountains of fresh water could be seen spouting out of the sea near the foot of the rock '' , possibly referring to a spring at a fault called the orillon ( at the site of the later orillon batteries ) in the north-west face of the rock .
2	a metal spring fixed around the edge of the rim rolls inward to fit inside the glass .
61	wherever a burst of water appears in any particular spot , the sure and certain way of getting quit of such an evil is to dig hollow drains to such a depth below the surface as is required by the fall or level that can be gained , and by the quantity of water expected to proceed from the burst or spring .
1	in spring , the plant produces small , bright red flower with 5-fold symmetry .
5	because of a small natural spring underneath the school , the land served as a hay field .
16	all the species within the snail genus alzoniella are crenobiotic , i.e. they are dependent on spring as a habitat .
1	numerous spring and cave occur within the drainage area and along the river course .
12	barcalo received u.s. patent no. 719,685 for the invention of a bed spring .
29	governor general william henry harrison ordered a fort built as well as a number of other defensive structures including a large stockade , garrison , blockhouses , and a spring .
11	his great-grandson , a tobacco farmer named stephen , discovered a spring in the mid-19th century , while plowing the fields of the family plantation .
10	in the 19th century , a local minister constructed a spring in one of the rocks which was named after the incident in exodus : this then became a stop at which coaching horses would drink .
119	western standard time ( wst ) -- utc +08 : 00 western australia -- standard time act 2005 central standard time ( acst ) - utc +09 : 30 south australia -- standard time act 2009 and the daylight saving act 1971 northern territory -- standard time act 2005 eastern standard time ( aest ) -- utc +10 : 00 queensland -- standard time act 1894 new south wales -- standard time act 1987 no 149 australian capital territory -- standard time and summer time act 1972 victoria -- summer time act 1972 tasmania -- standard time act 1895 and the daylight saving act 2007 time offsets during standard time time offsets during daylight-saving time ( from southern hemisphere spring until autumn ) daylight saving time ( dst ) a vox-pop from the abc in tasmania when dst was introduced in the 1970s .
41	armed with a fastball , murata carried his team to a 5-0 victory over izumo hokuryo senior high school in their first game in the 70th national high school baseball invitational tournament ( higashi fukuoka high 's first-ever appearance in the spring tournament ) , but succumbed to yokohama senior high school in the next round , suffering a two-hit shutout at the hands of current boston red sox right-hander daisuke matsuzaka and giving up a home run to current seibu lions outfielder taketoshi gotoh .
4	they were powered by spring mechanisms similar to those of clock .
12	bonchurch high street has an adjacent landscaped pond , fed by a spring , on the site of former withy beds .
26	this means that the blade does not lock but , once opened , is held in place by tension from a flat bar or leaf-type back spring that allows the blade to fold if a certain amount of pressure is applied .
19	groundwater is recharged from , and eventually flows to , the surface naturally ; natural discharge often occurs at spring and seeps , and can form oases or wetland .
22	flower are pink and bloom in tight clusters at the top of leafless , fleshy stems above the leaves from mid - spring to autumn .
13	like most other lacrosse leagues , the mclc plays its games during the spring .
12	it is usually a one-room building constructed over the source of a spring .
5	but macroscopic systems , like spring and capacitor , are accurately described by classical theories like classical mechanics and classical electrodynamics .
42	at a cost of # 6,000 , it was an irregular oval shape with a 100 yards ( 91 metres ) straight section for racing ; a paved surround and changing rooms were built and the pool was fed by an underground spring .
28	well dressing in tissington , 2007 well dressing ( also once known as well flowering ) is a summer custom practiced in rural england in which well , spring or other water sources are decorated with designs created from flower petal .
12	silver springs is a u.s. unincorporated community and the site of aquatic spring in marion county , florida .
9	northern dikhil region during fall , winter , and spring , it experiences the most clear days statewide .
13	it is only known from a single adult male collected from a cold spring - fed stream in the apalachicola national forest , florida .
5	it flowers mainly in early spring , producing white , mauve and blue flowers about 9 cm wide .
25	the water equivalent of snowfall is measured to monitor how much liquid is available to flood river from meltwater that will occur during the following spring .
7	mina : fiestas de la primavera ( spring holiday , may 14 to may 22 ) .
19	environment microdochium nivale becomes problematic when turf experiences lengthy periods of cool , wet weather typical of fall or spring and into early summer in the northern hemisphere .
8	its natural habitat are temperate forest , freshwater spring , arable land , irrigated land , and canal and ditches .
21	to accomplish this , a copper or brass commutator or ' slip ring ' are affixed to the shaft , and spring press braid copper wire ` brushes ' onto the rings which conduct the current .
1	its spring is a little east of the north norfolk village of west beckham .
8	flowers are lavender-blue and bloom from mid - spring to early autumn .
6	history soda springs , a natural spring , has long seen human activity .
44	it then continues through flogny-la-chapelle , somewhat surprisingly leaves burgundy for a short stretch ( 1.5 km ) as it passes through charrey in the aube department ( champagne-ardenne region ) and heads to the town of tonnerre , famous for the fosse dionne spring and the birthplace of the chevalier d'eon .
4	flowers opening in the spring before the leaves have formed , funnel-shaped up to 50 mm long , bright red to orange with a darker splotch on the upper lobe .
19	the fall was caused by the lack of water due to the discovery of the path to a secret spring by the enemy troops .
3	annual improv-a-thon every spring , commedus performs 24 straight hours of improv as a fundraiser .
1	its spring is located near sapunčica , on the baba mountain .
16	in 1997 , the kibbutz opened a facility to bottle the water of the ein gedi spring .
15	the mourambine road board suggested the name dattening which was the aboriginal name of a spring which is in the vicinity of the well .
17	it is only known from a few small seeps and the shallow lower outflow of one larger spring in dalhousie springs , lake eyre basin .
9	total length of the krka river , from its spring to its end in the adriatic sea near skradin is 56 km .
9	namada chilume near devarayanadurga namada chilume is a natural spring situated by devarayanadurga , near tumkur in the state of karnataka in india .
14	october is commonly associated with the season of autumn in the northern hemisphere and spring in the southern hemisphere , where it is the seasonal equivalent to april in the northern hemisphere and vice versa .
11	the campaign was mostly featured during the channel 's winter , spring , summer , and fall previews .
22	this is achieved by the initial operation of the switch lever mechanism storing potential energy , usually as mechanical stress in a spring .
27	retractors can also be self retaining and not need to be held once inserted by having two or more opposing blades or hooks which are separated via spring , ratchet , worm gear or some other method and pull on opposite sides of a wound .
17	the għajn tuffieha roman baths were discovered in 1929 during government works to cap a fresh water spring in the area .
0	spring is demonstrated with a picture of bamboo and rock .
19	two are dry : a short winter and a very long summer ; two are rainy : autumn and spring .
32	nearby ancient monuments include castlewitch henge with a diameter of 96m and cadsonbury iron age hillfort , as well as dupath well built in 1510 on the site of an ancient sacred spring .
21	daily and seasonal cycles the coming of each new messenger and the teachings they bring is compared to the coming of spring , as the teachings bring new life to the world made spiritually dead and cold because the teachings of the previous messenger have been neglected .
20	it produces dense clusters of blue-purple , two-lipped , 2-cm-wide flowers on racemes 5 -- 15 cm long in late spring to early summer .
14	there , however , he heard running water , and dragged himself to the spring .
1	the spring and summer are moderately rainy , with frequent strong to severe thunderstorm .
9	spring-piston guns operate by means of a coiled steel spring - loaded piston contained within a compression chamber , and separate from the barrel .
14	the urban area is divided into four barrio s and 28 colonia s. nearby spring include catorce de julio , to the south , la mina , to the northwest , and el chorro , to the north .
7	as word of the county 's warm spring spread eastward , thomas fairfax , 6th lord fairfax of cameron decided that the county needed to be surveyed .
20	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland , river , freshwater spring , rocky areas , and heavily degraded former forest .
7	the dams were constructed to impound local spring water to supply the town of sheffield .
25	the most famous include how the '' bottom '' of the lake is a false bottom made up of silt , under which lies a spring that extends feet below the surface of the lake ; that somewhere in the lake lies a crashed airplane ( either a b-17 flying fortress or a small private airplane , depending on who you talk to ) ; and that scuba divers reportedly dove the deepest depths of the lake only to surface when the fish became larger than the divers .
1	yellow spring ) is a municipality in naâma province , algeria .
1	the spring reportedly began to flow a day later .
10	this requires either breaking the ice or entering where a spring prevents the formation of ice .
4	natural monuments sour mineral spring ( drees ) on landesstraße 27 going towards schutz , roughly 50 m from the village .
22	however , meteorologists attribute the storm to the clash of the first warm winds which are a product of the arrival of spring with cold front .
6	a proof mass that deforms a spring in an accelerometer is sometimes called the seismic mass .
10	the twin-lobed lake receives half of its water from submerged spring , six percent from incoming streams , and the remainder from direct rainfall and runoff .
15	facts and procedural history samuel barnes designed '' corset - steels '' , which were spring to hold a corset together .
3	other tasks included spring manufacture , construction of stainless steel footwarmers , and assembly of pantographs for electric trains , with a staff of 720 employed during 1966 .
5	it was released in late spring of 2003 after the success of '' i 'm with you '' .
36	anime works approached nickelodeon with interest in invader zim dvds and in june 2003 , they put out a press release announcing that its anime division pioneer will be producing three double dvd sets starting in spring 2004 and a limited edition box set .
13	in 1455 , near lengsfeld in the amt of landeck , a healing spring was mentioned .
5	they bloom from winter to spring .
23	that article and subsequent follow-ups started a similar egg-balancing craze in the united states , but transposed to the vernal equinox beginning western spring on march 20 or 21 when the sun is at the celestial longitude of 0 ° .
0	spring starts in early april and ends in late may , with average temperatures close to .
9	at the heart of the site is a hydrostatic spring that is fed by an aquifer in the underlying magnesian limestone and around which have developed soligenous mire , tall fen and marsh grassland .
15	since that time other safety innovations have included features on track , section , and spring assemblies .
13	its natural habitat are temperate forest , river , freshwater marsh , freshwater spring , and irrigated land .
13	the voice of ireland is an irish reality talent show aired in the spring on rte one .
18	the fortunes of royale seemed to be recovering at the turn of the 20th century , when a spring in the hills behind the town was found to contain enough sulphur to make it marketable as mineral water .
6	water sources lake wawasee is a spring fed lake with exposed springs flowing into wawasee from south , west , and east sides .
3	the sava dolinka spring is fed by groundwater possibly exhibiting bifurcation of source karst aquifer to the sava and soča basins .
20	the oak is one of the strongest and longest-lived , and other , lesser plants nearby must wait until the spring to flourish before the light above is extinguished by leaves .
26	the moonlight murders , a term created by the news media , refer to the true unsolved violent crimes committed in and around texarkana in the spring of 1946 by an unidentified serial killer known as the phantom killer or phantom slayer .
22	it may ultimately be derived from celtic \* alika ' wild service tree ' or from some other pre-romance root meaning ' spring ' .
3	an ideal hookean spring , for example , would display a straight diagonal force curve .
12	its natural habitat are temperate forest , freshwater marsh , and freshwater spring .
18	tree growth rings are a result of winter rest , as there is rapid growth in the warmer spring , then slower growth later in the year .
37	according to a letter written in 1946 by the horse heaven postmaster , frank e. lewis , the name for the settlement stemmed from herds of horses that thrived on the local grasses and drank from unfenced spring .
12	the name means '' warm water '' and refers to the warm spring located in the foothills .
14	they are most abundant in the coastal and bay waters of southern california from spring to fall .
5	distribution these snails live in spring .
10	because metal frames are more rigid , some models have spring loaded hinges to help them grip the wearer 's face better .
13	elastic catenary in an elastic catenary , the chain is replaced by a spring which can stretch in response to tension .
1	this spring - fed pond is the source of the river westbourne ( an 18 50s - encased thames tributary ) .
8	the muddy river in olmsted park in early spring the muddy river is a series of brooks and ponds that runs through sections of boston 's emerald necklace , including along the south boundary of brookline , massachusetts ( a town that went by the name of muddy river hamlet before it was incorporated in 1705 ) .
11	the name is the plural form of sauðr which means '' spring '' or '' issue of water '' .
8	the greatest likelihood of encountering them is in spring , when they come out because the weather gets warmer , and in autumn/fall , when the cooling weather forces them to find shelter in human habitats .
15	for example , special mushrooms bestow the player with a bee , boo , or spring suit .
21	whether he is in dooroy or in boda-ngal , the mbaroodi dooroy can never live anywhere but in a well or spring .
22	habitat its natural habitat are temperate forest , temperate shrubland , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation , freshwater spring , rocky areas , sandy shores , arable land , pastureland , plantation , rural gardens , and urban area .
6	newville , pennsylvania : a big spring is dropped .
8	the strut will usually carry both the coil spring on which the body is suspended and the shock absorber , which is usually in the form of a cartridge mounted within the strut ( see coilover ) .
10	they include lakes and pond , rivers , stream , spring , and wetland .
1	warming spring and summer temperatures increase flammability of materials that make up the forest floors .
2	in the spring of 2013 , however , plans were put forth to turn the disibodenberg chapel into a brewpub .
28	while johnson was labeled as '' moody '' and '' uncoachable '' during his days with the phillies and cardinals , he impressed reds manager dave bristol that spring and was given the starting job in left field even though a lefthanded bat would have been more suitable for the reds ' line-up .
15	rock enon springs resort rock enon springs resort was built up around a mineral water spring and was originally called capper springs after an early settler , john capper .
11	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and freshwater spring .
6	it is the site of a spring and also the site of a now lost group of sarsen stones thought to possibly be the remains of a neolithic chambered long barrow and one of the medway megaliths .
10	myskinclamp it is made of stainless steel pusher cone with spring which pushes the other steel cone which can slide on the pusher shaft and a plastic cone to hold the foreskin in place .
22	the day was introduced as a more efficient alternative to individually celebrating a number of holidays honoring various minor saints in the spring .
12	water lightning ridge has an abundance of hot water from a bore spring into the great artesian basin and offers two hot water pools for bathing .
5	every mountain , river , spring , marsh , tree and rocky outcrop was inspirited .
11	it was shown in cinemas across the united kingdom in the spring of 2008 as part of , a touring season of the watershed media centre , and was released on dvd-video in north america on 22 april 2008 .
5	its natural habitat are freshwater spring and inland karst .
2	typically , spring - like attractive forces based on hooke 's law are used to attract pairs of endpoints of the graph 's edges towards each other , while simultaneously repulsive forces like those of electrically charged particles based on coulomb 's law are used to separate all pairs of nodes .
45	there are additives , such as stp ( r ) oil treatment , and some racing oils such as purol , brad penn and valvoline vr-1 , which are available in the retail market with the necessary amount of zddp for engines using increased valve spring pressures .
10	there are two seasons of wildflower bloom - one in spring ( march -- april ) when the rhododendrons bloom , and another in the post-monsoon season ( around october ) , when the lower forests bloom ( primula , geranium , saxifraga , bistort , senecio , cotoneaster and numerous orchid ) .
17	the term '' vernal keratoconjunctivitis '' ( vkc ) is used to refer to keratoconjunctivitis occurring in spring , and is usually considered to be due to allergen .
23	walpurgis night is very similar to chaharshanbe suri , an iranian ceremony which is held on the last wednesday of winter to celebrate spring and iranian new year , nowruz .
3	the season of spring was the overall concept for this release , and the ep 's photos featured the band members in white dresses , with a field of flowers in the background .
26	climate located above sea level in south-eastern province of syracuse , straddling the mediterranean sea and the ionian , has a mild climate from autumn to spring , a clear sky always throughout the year .
26	the old road came over what is now the tejon pass from what would become gorman then turned west up cuddy creek to cuddy valley its spring .
27	all the shutters are joined together by a shutter bar , and the force required for the wind to open the shutters is adjusted by a separate spring on each sail .
24	because the weather is perceived as frequently changing , a common saying among local people is that , '' fuyang has four seasons in spring .
4	christmas lake is a spring - fed lake covering approximately in the western minneapolis suburbs of shorewood and chanhassen .
30	in mechanical clocks , the power source is typically either a weight suspended from a cord or chain wrapped around a pulley , sprocket or drum ; or a spiral spring called a mainspring .
18	however , on december 29 , it was announced that the roof would not be repaired until the spring of 2011 .
10	bean help to improve the player 's attack , while spring are used to improve his jumping height .
21	he enlists the support of a few hundred men and guides them through the building of a reservoir beneath a perennial spring on a nearby hill .
6	the location is an origin of spring and a path of vavali river and the festival is in rainy season .
8	loefgrenianthus blanche-amesiae blooms between the middle of the spring and early summer and the flowers last for about a week .
11	the dogwood festival is a month-long series of events held every spring in vestavia hills , alabama , usa , heralds the seasonal arrival of bloom on dogwood , azalea , daffodil , and tulips .
31	discovery of coal the anglo-saxon roots of the former farming community of haswell are apparent in its old english name -- haesel wella or hessewell -- meaning a hazel well or spring .
5	historically , there was a spring close to the corner of mulberry street and pearl street near blizzards run .
32	life cycle caterpillars the caterpillar of the emperor gum moth in its last stage before pupation caterpillar can usually be found on young adult leaves between october and march ( the australian spring and summer ) .
22	the elimination of an available camber adjustment may reduce maintenance requirements , but if the car is lowered by use of shortened spring , the camber angle will change .
31	israel 's prime minister and defense minister david ben-gurion was keen on capturing kurnub and ein husub because he believed that those areas were fit for settlement because of a large spring .
18	their needles gives them more surface area for droplet to adhere to , and they have foliage in spring and fall , therefore interception also depends on the type of vegetation in a wooded area .
16	according to the hindu calendar , this marks the commencement of the vasanta ritu or the spring season .
19	pohela falgun ( bengali : পহেলা ফাল্গুন pôhela falgun or পয়লা ফাল্গুন pôela falgun ) , first day of spring of bengali month falgun , of the bengali calendar , celebrated in bangladesh and west bengal and in the other india states , including assam , tripura , jharkhand and orrisa .
7	the source of cheonjiyeon waterfall is a spring that comes out of the floor of the somban stream .
34	all xevo models have a steel tube frame and the front suspension is provided via a 35 mm fork ; rear suspension is done via two double-acting hydraulic shock absorbers , with a four-position spring preload adjustment .
1	this spring - fed stream is a fishing destination for its native brook trout , and introduced brown trout .
8	at one end of the board is a spring loading bowling machine , at the other end the batsman wields a miniature wooden bat .
43	folk traditions while the european folk traditions connected with saint valentine and st. valentine 's day have become marginalized by the modern anglo-american customs connecting the day with romantic love , there are some remaining associations connecting the saint with the advent of spring .
19	recreation lycoming creek is a popular site for trout fishing and is usually heavily stocked with fish in the spring , especially in its upper reaches in lycoming county .
77	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical dry forest , subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests , subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , dry savanna , moist savanna , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland , river , swamp , freshwater lake , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , arable land , pastureland , rural gardens , urban area , heavily degraded former forests , water storage areas , pond , irrigated land , seasonally flooded agricultural land , and canal and ditches .
3	its river and spring habitat ecosystems are relatively intact and support a highly endemic fish fauna .
18	waypoints have traditionally been associated with distinctive features of the real world , such as rock formations , spring , oases , mountain , buildings , roadways , waterways , railways , and so on .
4	its source is a spring above panther rocks camp .
10	it reached # 8 in the uk singles chart in spring 1977 .
13	along its course , mill creek is fed by a number of smaller spring - fed streams .
41	movement of water and dispersion within the aquifer spreads the pollutant over a wider area , its advancing boundary often called a plume edge , which can then intersect with groundwater wells or daylight into surface water such as seep and spring , making the water supplies unsafe for humans and wildlife .
5	it is formed by two spring - fed streams , slab camp run and trussel run , on the western flanks of spruce mountain to the north of spruce knob .
10	the site was more suitable because it featured a natural spring , there was a sufficient different in elevation to enable the use of gravity in the brewing process without the need for a large tower .
6	edible shoot can be harvest in spring from this cultivated species , while the culms can be used split or unsplit for weaving or craft bamboo articles .
16	in his domain over agriculture , kokopelli 's flute-playing chases away the winter and brings about spring .
19	its natural habitat are moist savanna , river , swamp , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , rural gardens , heavily degraded former forest , and pond .
18	aboon the brae ( scots language for '' above the hill '' ) is the site of a spring .
8	spring-powered water warriors has made a variety of spring - powered water guns .
22	weeki wachee exploration project in 2007 , a team led by kur found that weeki wachee springs is the deepest naturally formed spring in the united states .
17	with no physical barriers to the fish spreading , it is thought natural chemical discharges from some spring contaminating the river may affect some fish populations such as the trout .
13	the canyon was named after native grapevines , the ) , found at spring on its slopes .
77	a certain amount of over-travel is required after the first probe makes contact with the wafer , for two reasons : to guarantee that all probes have made contact ( to account for non-planarity of the wafer ) to break through the thin oxidized layer ( if the metal pad is aluminum ) on the pad there are numerous types of mechanical probes available commercially : their shape can be in the form of a cantilever , spring , or membrane , and they can be bent into shape , stamped , or made by microelectromechanical systems processing .
2	the first spring - loaded mechanical pencil was patented in 1877 and a twist-feed mechanism was developed in 1895 .
10	this little fountain is fed by a sulphur - bearing spring whose water was long used for healing purposes .
29	its natural habitat are temperate forest , river , intermittent rivers , swamp , freshwater lake , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , pond , and open excavations .
7	on the village green is a powerful spring and well dedicated to john the baptist which was traditionally the venue for a local '' pattern '' ( religious fair ) of note , while the moat north of the village was the site of st john 's eve bonfire .
10	although no water source feeds the cistern , the permanent spring of għajn bierda , which flows a hundred yards to the south-east , may have been deviated to lower ground , providing the buildings with a year round supply of fresh water .
1	desert spring in or near the oasis valley of the amargosa river are east of pioneer .
15	it is found only in krbavsko polje in croatia , in a single karst freshwater spring .
14	hamilton suggested the name be changed to the indigenous australian name of a nearby spring called bulong .
13	the elastic response of viscoplastic materials can be represented in one-dimension by hookean spring elements .
22	any strain ( deformation ) of a solid material generates an internal elastic stress , analogous to the reaction force of a spring , that tends to restore the material to its original non-deformed state .
29	habitat buergeria japonica is a common species that occurs in a wide variety of habitats ( river , intermittent rivers , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , geothermal wetland , irrigated land , and canal and ditches ) .
4	the park contains a spring - fed lake and timber-covered rolling hills along the middle raccoon river .
7	course blue jay creek begins at a spring , about east of the community of sandfield on lake manitou in central manitoulin township , and at an elevation of .
1	commonly spring traps which kill the animal are used -- mousetrap for mice , or the larger rat trap for larger rodent like rats and squirrel .
6	orangeville rise is the second largest spring in the u.s. state of indiana , in orange county near orangeville .
16	name the name močilnik is derived from the slovene common noun močilnik ' ( hidden ) spring ' , synonymous with the related word močilo , both derived from the slavic root \* mak - ` wet , damp ' .
21	in cultivation of vegetable in a british-type climate , the hungry gap is the gardeners ' name for the period in spring when there is little or no fresh produce available from a vegetable garden or allotment .
31	prior to the self-titled album , sarah had recorded and released look ! it 's el perro del mar ! and the ep you got ta give to get , in spring 2005 and november 2005 respectively .
41	the first half of the decade was mainly dominated by the story lines that were written by the head writing married couple of robert soderberg and edith sommer who wrote for the show from near the end of 1969 to the spring of 1973 and were long time and reliable soap scribe .
21	the village grew in size during the 18th and 19th centuries , and by 1891 it had 37 houses , a spring , a public house called the london inn , and a population of 159 .
12	tipularia discolor grows a single leaf in september that disappears in the spring .
9	croton springs , formerly nugent 's springs , are spring , in the sulphur springs valley .
9	slinky slinky is a toy , a precompressed helical spring invented by richard james in the early 1940s .
13	the don january golf classic is a golf tournament played annually in the spring that was established to honor him in 1980 by his alma mater , now known as the university of north texas .
8	its natural habitat consists of river and freshwater spring , which are threatened by habitat loss .
1	in spring , yellow portions of new aureosulcata culms that receive direct sunlight during the early cool hours of the day can develop a red tint or magenta blush that lasts for a couple months .
8	while february 1 was the first day of spring , may 1 was the first day of summer ; hence , the summer solstice on june 25 ( now june 21 ) was midsummer .
2	they contain spring and/or a rubber foam and plywood combination which make the floor bouncy , soften the impact of landings and enable the gymnast to gain height when tumbling .
1	the spring supposedly furnished water for those who lived in this building and was only channelled into a drain in the 1950s .
62	domestic rabbits introduced into a new area , rabbits can overpopulate rapidly , becoming a nuisance , as on this university campus european rabbit in shropshire , england , infected with myxomatosis , a disease caused by the myxoma virus in culture and literature rabbits are often used as a symbol of fertility or rebirth , and have long been associated with spring and easter as the easter bunny .
3	the namesake mineral spring , the result of volcanic activity in the area , no longer exists .
19	this salamander 's natural habitat are the temperate mojave desert into great basin sagebrush shrubland ecotone , and freshwater spring riparian areas there , at elevations of .
15	foxfield holds two races each year , one in the fall and another in the spring .
10	they are at their most tender and juicy in the spring .
36	a system of irrigation ditches known locally as kelliyo fed directly from the shebelle and jubba river into the plantations where sorghum , maize , beans , grain and cotton were grown during the gu ( spring in somali ) and xagaa ( summer in somali ) seasons of the somali calendar .
12	kokopelli chases away winter and brings about the warmth and rain of spring with his flute playing .
11	'' the bluebonnets and indian paintbrushes only bloom outside in the spring , but i have a source that will give them to me all year ` round .
2	ln the spring he began the campaign with the capture of charlemont , but no advance southward was made until the arrival of william .
13	at the three points along the journey that the oxen stopped , a spring arose ( though only the well at bawburgh can now be found ) .
9	overwinter inside the wood-borer-infested trees and oviposit during the spring .
4	her name means '' spring .
64	japanese spinning top with pullstrings a jumping jack toy with pullstring chainsaw starter handle attached to a pullcord pullcord on a transit bus pullchain on a train emergency brake a pullstring ( pull string , pull-string ) or pullcord ( pull cord , pull-cord ) or pullchain ( pull-chain , pull chain ) is a string , cord , or chain wound on a spring - loaded spindle that engages a mechanism when it is pulled .
22	charites , goddesses of charm , beauty , nature , human creativity , and fertility chloris , goddess of flowers and the spring cybele , phrygian goddess of the fertile earth , nature and wild animals demeter , goddess of the harvest , the fertility of the earth , grains and the seasons dionysus , god of wine , vegetation , pleasure and festivity .
77	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical dry forests , subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests , dry savanna , moist savanna , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , temperate grassland , subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , rivers , intermittent rivers , shrub-dominated wetland , swamp , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , pastureland , rural gardens , urban areas , heavily degraded former forest , ponds , seasonally flooded agricultural land , and canal and ditches .
9	it debuted on bet 106 & park in the spring and received major airplay .
2	in the spring , species such as european wood anemone , common wood sorrel and false lily of the valley are blooming .
15	the annual cart festival for the village deity honnadevi takes place every year during the spring .
3	abdsp has natural spring and oases , with the state 's only native palm , the endangered california fan palm ( washingtonia filifera ) .
36	history early settlement an 1875 map of the area constituting the former village of rosendale the earliest recorded human habitation in rosendale was a native american village , which included a cemetery , centered around a spring that no longer exists .
18	in her letter , their mother asks that they do n't visit her , and return in the spring , citing a number of vague reasons .
13	from there it is another to the summit , past the lean-to and spring .
34	lumped element model in mechanical systems the simplifying assumptions in this domain are : all objects are rigid bodies ; all interactions between rigid bodies take place via kinematic pair ( joints ) , spring and dampers .
5	church in village a natural spring with a statue of virgin mary near staré hory is a traditional place of pilgrimage .
11	the tale begins with a dragon making its nest at the spring which provides a city-state with water .
5	november is a month of spring in the southern hemisphere and autumn in the northern hemisphere .
9	thus , at first a homestead arose at a spring , and then , bit by bit , given favourable conditions , further farms were added , leading eventually to a villagelike settlement .
17	plum orchid chrysanthemum bamboo the other four flower tiles ( or season tiles ) represent seasons : spring , summer , autumn , and winter .
9	the magellanic woodpecker breeds in the southern hemisphere 's spring , from october to january .
5	the vacances de printemps ( spring ) , formerly vacances de pâques ( easter ) - two weeks in april and may .
6	activities annual performances typically include : spring show , which usually has a theme and a guest quartet or performing group williamsburg community show dogwood dell show ( outdoor performance ) christmas show the virginians chorus participates in numerous community appearances with diverse shows that may include performances by its registered chapter quartet .
32	a man performs a grab at the capital bocking usa meetup a powerbocker a pair of m60 powerizers a pair of powerskips the act of powerbocking is jumping and running with elastic-like spring - loaded stilts .
7	it is very deep and strong karst spring , very hard to access .
2	during the spring many of the woods are carpeted with bluebells .
9	this air pressure pushes against the force of a spring located in the wastegate actuator to allow the wastegate to open and re-direct exhaust gas so that it does not reach the turbine wheel .
22	it has been passed down in the local lore that the village once lay at the foot of the gauchsberg at a spring ( or perhaps a well ) .
8	it is commonly used in conjunction with a spring ( which acts to resist displacement ) .
68	neighbours n : taunus , altkönig , feldberg ne : oberursel , bad homburg e : oberursel-stierstadt , oberursel-weißkirchen , s-bahnhof se : frankfurt am main ( niederursel , praunheim ) s : frankfurt ( sossenheim , rödelheim ) , eschborn-süd sw : eschborn w : niederhöchstadt , schwalbach , main-taunus-kreis nw : kronberg , oberhöchstadt coat of arms steinbach 's civic coat of arms shows a harnessed spring with two spouts out of both of which is coming water , pouring into a vat .
33	in archery , the bulk of elastic energy is stored in the throwing device , rather than the projectile ; arrow shafts can therefore be much smaller , and have looser tolerance for spring constant and weight distribution than atlatl darts .
10	in the southern hemisphere , the beginning of the meteorological spring is on the 1st of september .
18	generally , the mass convention assembly of a large number of related family members is organized during the spring season for a period of 2 to 3 days .
4	it flowers during the spring season .
12	in the northern hemisphere , extended blocking occurs most frequently in the spring over the eastern pacific and atlantic oceans .
18	at the time of the battle , the river was much wider than this , due to heavy spring rains and flooding .
21	those who wish to stay the night on the mountain can camp in a lean-to on the south slope below the spring at about .
6	in the 1850s jud caldwell discovered spring which were called pacific congress springs because the water had a mineral content similar to congress springs , in saratoga springs , new york .
10	overview the united states drought of 1983 started in late spring .
6	ein lavan ( ) is a spring located in outskirts of jerusalem , near jerusalem biblical zoo and lays in judean hills .
11	they will only settle if their habitat is completely undisturbed in spring .
8	the name is thought to mean '' gift spring '' .
24	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , river , intermittent rivers , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , and heavily degraded former forest .
1	the spring in hot creek all emerge along a stream section between two faults and discharge a total of about 8.5 cubic feet per second ( about 240 liters per second ) of hot water .
19	green light then filled the stadium , replacing the chilly blue of winter and signalling the impending arrival of spring .
1	in spring , the roads are lined with wildflower , dominated by the texas bluebonnet .
23	èarlaid was the right sometimes sold by an outgoing to an incoming tenant to enter into possession of the arable land early in spring - the incomer doing the ploughing , sowing and planting , and subsequently claiming the resulting crop .
11	however , the males generally arrive before the females during the spring migration months .
12	formed on a natural depression , underneath the ground is a fresh-water spring that feeds the aqueduct , artificial pools and canals that are a characteristic of the park .
8	it can also be found in europe during spring , summer , and autumn .
1	1940 spring dr. franz six , a former professor of political science and head of the vorkommando ( ss forward unit ) for einsatzgruppe b ( einsatzgruppen ) , made contact with the local branch of the belarusian '' self-help '' organization in warsaw and put together a task force of some thirty to forty trusted belarusians to serve as guide , administrator and informer .
29	huge piles , or ` tips ' , of loose rock and mining spoil had been built up over a layer of highly porous sandstone that contained numerous underground spring , and several tips had been built up directly over these springs .
7	the site itself consists of a small spring - fed pool of '' bad water '' next to the road in a sink ; the accumulated salt of the surrounding basin make it undrinkable , thus giving it the name .
45	fights over new technology also marked his presidency ; he opposed new clubs that enabled longer shots , citing the increasing costs and slower play that would come with longer courses , as well as the game 's traditions and integrity and a rule forbidding spring - like effects in clubs .
5	plunger the plunger is a spring - loaded rod with a small handle , used to propel the ball into the playfield .
24	vane meter sensor ( vaf sensor ) the vaf ( volume air flow ) sensor measures the air flow into the engine with a spring - loaded air flap/door attached to a variable resistor ( potentiometer ) .
19	shoe trees may also be made of plastic or stamped sheet metal , with or without a coiled steel spring stem ; these are typically cheaper , lighter , and are better suited for traveling .
26	he was slain by yvain for attacking the latter 's cousin , sir calogrenant , in defense of the magic fountain ( or well , or spring ) .
12	neale 's lyrics were set to a tune based on a 13th-century spring carol '' tempus adest floridum '' ( '' the time is near for flowering '' ) first published in the 1582 finnish song collection piae cantiones .
17	the poem is by iran famous poet sadi and the whole song is a praise to the spring .
8	when she fell to the ground , a spring of water burst from the spot and flowers , thought to be scarlet pimpernels , sprang forth wherever a drop of her blood was sprinkled .
23	one of dick 's patients was a run away drug addict by the name of amy sinclair , who gave birth in the spring of 1959 to a daughter she named nora .
39	originally meant for wealthy customers or '' more seasoned jet-setters '' going on cruises ( e.g. north americans ) or vacationing in the warm mediterranean area ( e.g. europeans ) during the winter months , cruise collections offer light spring or summer clothing when the weather at the points of sale actually calls for winter apparel .
24	the city is named for its first settler , north carolina frontiersman john weldon , who in 1790 built a log home overlooking the spring which bears his name .
12	although coca-cola never implied that the water was being sourced from a spring or other natural source , they marketed it as being especially '' pure '' .
36	today 's new high performance pogo sticks - and the sport of '' xpogo '' a pogo stick is a device for jumping off the ground in a standing position , through the aid of a spring , or new high performance technologies , often used as a toy , exercise equipment , or extreme sports instrument .
17	generally , a mass assembly of large a number of related family members is organized during the spring for a period of 2 to 3 days .
5	it was described from a spring at 9 payton place , devonport , tasmania in 1980 , making it '' the first spring-dwelling syncarid recorded from the australian region '' .
3	there are three spring in the sea , there is also a temple of lord rama named ekantha ramar temple .
8	its current name comes from a fresh water spring which ran through lispenard 's meadow , at the place where west broadway is now .
3	a couple of spring and stream in today 's municipal area were used for that purpose before the eifel aqueduct was built .
52	experimental luthier yuri landman built a variety of electric string resonance tailed bridge and 3rd bridge guitars like the moodswinger , moonlander and the springtime for indie rock and noise rock acts like sonic youth , liars , blood red shoes as well as electric thumb piano and electric drum guitars and spring drum instruments .
16	a forest ranger testified that he had dismantled a ccc-built drinking water fountain fed by a spring because it was downhill from the reactor and he feared people might drink contaminated water from it .
4	worthington springs is a spring and town in union county , florida , united states .
6	both males and females mate in spring , with the males being greener then females .
12	description seagull lake is a sub-coastal saline lake fed by a marine spring .
20	the bridges were disassembled in the autumn , to accommodate for ice and floods , and then reassembled in the spring .
28	these are grown in green houses which make use of local renewable energy in the form of hot water generated from nearby geothermal sources in the form of spring and geysers .
59	the black river , in kings county , nova scotia , canada , captured by the gaspereau river vlara moravia ; czech republic karst the donauversickerung ( danube sink ) , currently developing in germany , where a large portion of the upper parts of the danube river sinks into the limestone bedrock , and resurfaces in the aachtopf spring , a tributary of the river rhine .
4	there are meadows around spring areas , although the trout creek range has only a few streams that flow year-round .
5	it is also found around spring and seep , and can indicate their presence when not flowing .
6	breeding typically occurs in the early spring .
27	the triumph of flora , by master of flora c. 1560 in roman mythology , flora ( ) was a goddess of flowers and the season of spring , a symbol for nature and flowers .
28	this trend continues through late autumn and winter , with a marked drop in precipitation beginning in april which coincides with a gradual rise in temperature into late spring and summer .
6	cincinnati reds birtsas entered his first spring with the reds competing for a long reliever/spot starter job .
7	lourdes water lourdes water flows from a spring at the same spot where it was discovered by bernadette .
5	the weta stay frozen until spring time .
10	in some applications , the shoes are applied by powerful spring , and held off by mechanical or electro-magnetic force .
14	the cave system drains over of land and the water re-emerges at a major spring on the stones river .
5	they were often located at spring .
25	history the name burtscheid is a germanized form of the celtic bor ( uo ) cetum , with the components borvo , meaning '' warm spring '' , and also a god 's name ( see also worms , wormerich and the french bourbon ) , and caito - , ceto - , meaning '' forest '' ( breton koat , koet ; welsh coed -- '' forest '' ) .
1	in spring there is a large covering of bluebells on the woodland floor .
0	spring and autumn are mild seasons with low humidity .
8	the town is named after the nearby caron spring which is located about to the west .
11	in the southern hemisphere it is known as the vernal or spring equinox .
0	spring force restrains the moving iron .
16	its source is at the town of fontaine-de-vaucluse ( vaucluse department ) and is the biggest spring in france and the fifth biggest in the world .
2	a freshwater spring was found on the tributary in the area , which caused henry flagler to build the private miami water company ( where a miami-dade water and sewer treatment plant is currently located ) there in 1899 .
25	the water is the area is classified as hard , owing to the large amount of limestone in the area , and derives from a spring / borehole source .
32	history of the equinox earth day ( march 20 ) the equinoctial earth day is celebrated on the march equinox ( around march 20 ) to mark the precise moment of astronomical spring in the northern hemisphere , and of astronomical autumn in the southern hemisphere .
14	perrier ( ) is a french brand of bottled mineral water made from a spring in vergèze in the gard département .
14	the taos indians built the protective pueblo and an irrigation system from a nearby spring to water their crops .
12	song and calls songs and calls attacking a red-shouldered hawk calling during spring .
5	it is found in freshwater spring , irrigated land , and canal and ditches .
27	dupath well dupath well ( eng : ` robber 's path ' ) is a nearly intact wellhouse , constructed of local granite , built over a spring .
34	'' sumer is icumen in '' in modern notation : the song in modern staff notation lyrics translations the celebration of summer in '' sumer is icumen in '' is similar to that of spring in the french poetic genre known as the reverdie ( lit .
11	the last remaining parcel , including the historic buildings and the spring , was acquired by the state of california in 1949 .
37	the ﬁrst syllable is drawn from a personal name , '' burdo '' or '' burto '' , while the placename ending , although resembling the common placename ending -- born , apparently does not mean '' spring '' , but rather '' house '' or '' dwelling '' ( the root still appears in the german word vogelbauer , meaning '' birdcage '' , and it even has a cognate in english : '' bower '' ) .
3	bayonet with circular spring ( '' circlip beater '' ) .
15	the may fair is a traditional carnival day in the month of may during the spring .
7	modern mattresses usually contain either an inner spring core or materials such as latex , viscoelastic or other flexible polyurethane foam .
1	a spring between the handles causes the jaws to open again after closing .
3	the source the spring of scarrow beck is in a small area of marsh ground in fields south of aylmerton parish church close to church lane .
9	history the name goomalling was first shown for a spring found by explorers hillman and lefroy in 1846 .
4	lotic waters range from spring only a few centimeters wide to major river kilometers in width .
10	pseudomonas cedrina is a gram-negative , rod-shaped bacterium isolated from spring waters in lebanon .
9	mccs are found in the united states during the spring and summer months ( warm season ) , the india monsoon region , the west pacific and throughout africa and south america .
19	he would eventually be part of the inaugural induction class into the university 's athletics hall of fame in spring 2008 .
6	vanished villages unearthed right near a spring , roughly 750 m east of the ortsteil of herschweiler and under a tailing heap formerly used by the hard-stone quarry , were a villa rustica 's foundations , in work done by wilhelm jordan between 1958 and 1961 for the speyer archaeological monument care ( archäologische denkmalpﬂege speyer ) .
29	today , many clothes-pegs ( also clothespins ) are manufactured very cheaply by creating two interlocking plastic or wooden prongs , in between which is often wedged a small spring .
15	its distinctive breeding call can be heard throughout much of japan from the start of spring .
25	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , river , intermittent rivers , and freshwater spring .
5	it is driven by a spring ( called a mainspring ) which must be wound periodically .
34	natural and human history a yellow cup ( camissonia brevipes ) at the mouth of titus canyon timbisha native americans carved petroglyph on some of the rock faces of titus canyon , especially at spring and other locations of interest .
20	history and design the wg design was introduced in 1950 ; it utilised identical equipment ( boiler , motion , spring , tender bogies , and rear truck ) as used in the 4-6-2 wp class passenger locomotives .
25	a story from his childhood reports that he once observed a badger enter an underground cave ; nehmé dug at that spot and unearthed a spring , which is known today as '' badger 's fountain '' .
12	the buds are eaten as a vegetable in japan and korea in spring time .
7	generally , motion compensators are implemented as spring .
21	the track '' rezolucija un '' was also included on the third studio album , buđanje proleća ( the mildew of spring ) , produced by boris mladenović .
20	they were dedicated to the god vovotius and the goddesses boudina and alauna and might have belonged to a gallo-roman spring sanctum .
9	( this selection followed two wilson baseball players in spring of 1937 and a football player in fall of 1937 .
7	the glacier is named after the karst spring of kleptuza in southern bulgaria .
19	history in 1868 , maj. benjamin f. ficklin bought from john o. meusebach on the south concho near the spring from which fort concho hauled its drinking water .
20	characterized by hot and dry summers , and mild to cool winters where most of the precipitation is concentrated ( spring and autumn being pleasantly warm transitional seasons ) .
24	its natural habitat are moist savanna , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland , river , swamp , freshwater spring , pastureland , rural gardens , pond , and canal and ditches .
20	fastener and tool the basic type consists of a steel cylinder body , a plunger on the top , a spring , a pair of step-cut locks , and a spreader bar .
8	history the site of the monastery is a spring , on top of which the crusaders built a church in the 12th century .
12	its natural habitat are temperate forest , intermittent river , and freshwater spring .
7	it can also be found in some spring waters and hot springs .
22	its natural habitat are temperate forest , river , intermittent rivers , swamp , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , and canal and ditches .
22	its natural habitat are dry savanna , moist savanna , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , river , freshwater marsh , freshwater spring , and rocky areas .
6	western campaign , 1940 in the spring of 1940 , walter horten , jagdgeschwader 26 technical officer , was invited to participate in a '' mock combat '' with a bf 109e .
31	origin and meaning the surname springborn goes back to the place of living of the first carrier of that surname in medieval times , who lived in the vicinity of a spring or water well .
34	white george on the coat of arms of georgia in the fully developed western version , which developed as part of the golden legend , a dragon or crocodile makes its nest at the spring that provides water for the city of '' silene '' ( perhaps modern cyrene in libya or the city of lydda in the holy land , depending on the source ) .
2	a natural spring can be found in the canyon at 2,255 m ( 7,400 ft ) elevation , which flows into harker creek .
4	m. cuticularis flowers in spring between the months of september and january .
25	these '' warm-weather designs ( ... ) arrive in the shops in the us in november '' , after the autumn/winter collections and before the spring / summer collections , or generally between november/december and february in the northern hemisphere .
13	the name of the town is the indigenous australian name of a nearby spring that was first recorded by surveyors in 1926 .
10	april ( ) is commonly associated with the season of spring in parts of the northern hemisphere and autumn in parts of the southern hemisphere , where it is the seasonal equivalent to october in the northern hemisphere and vice versa .
4	there are also remnant spring and bog communities .
58	types stream in arkhangelsk oblast , russia a rocky creek in spearfish canyon , us creek in australia wyming brook in sheffield , uk brook in the bay of fundy , canada a low level stream in macon county , illinois ; brook : a stream smaller than a creek , especially one that is fed by a spring or seep .
13	halfway home is an american comedy series that aired on comedy central in spring 2007 .
8	by the end of the 15th century , spring - driven clocks appeared in italy , and in germany .
3	used in antique spring - powered mechanical watch and clock , a fusee is a cone - shaped pulley with a helical groove around it , wound with a cord or chain which is attached to the mainspring barrel .
15	other stories say the lizard eats a legendary plant , or drinks from a healing spring which neutralises the poison .
4	she is associated with spring .
10	the native riparian ( populus fremontii ) grow around natural spring .
12	the key to its design was the use of a constant velocity spring to store the potential energy which are no longer in use .
13	these tanks are filled either by a pump , windpump , creek , spring , or even rely on runoff water from rain or melting snow .
9	it is formed at the confluence of over 30 spring branches emerging from el tatio area .
19	the clay and sand intersection on the swan coastal plain , near the darling scarp , also produces permanent spring , giving rise to peat and sand mounds containing plant and invertebrate assemblages .
7	life history spawning typically occurs in late spring and summer .
8	the dry line is most common in the spring .
5	history ojo ynez , a spring , and watering place on the old road from janos , chihuahua to the santa rita copper mine was located in the valley of the burro cienega two miles up stream from where the road crossed the stream just northeast of soldiers farewell hill .
21	slap bracelets a slap bracelet ( or snap bracelet ) is a bracelet consisting of layered , flexible stainless steel bistable spring bands sealed within a fabric or plastic cover .
35	in its northern part , which averages around 250m above sea level , the landscape is marked by several river valleys , as the weiße elster , the zwickauer mulde and the göltzsch have their spring in the vogtland , while the saale flows through bavaria and thuringia in the west of vogtland .
4	trillium chloropetalum is a spring - flowering perennial plant native to the west and north-west coast of the united states .
10	iqbal opens the poem by welcoming bahaar the season of spring .
21	history the mountains were part of the indigenous tongva people 's homelands for over 7,000 years , with villages at some spring in the canyons .
12	there is a large woods area surrounding the village , and a spring .
2	it 's spring is in the north norfolk village of aylmerton west of the main street .
4	there are three freshwater spring on the island .
15	simple harmonic oscillator the simplest mechanical oscillating system is a mass attached to a linear spring subject to only weight and tension .
4	pluto had a compressed spring mechanism designed to enable it to move across the surface at a rate of 20 mm per second and to burrow into the ground and collect a subsurface sample in a cavity in its tip .
21	the name originates from burton saint lazarus after roger de mowbray opened a leper hospital to take advantage of the natural spring water in the 12th century .
41	excavations on and around the property also turned up the foundation and cellar of an old ice house , later used as a trash midden ; the foundation of another small building , whose purpose remains uncertain ; and a small spring associated through oral tradition with peter francisco .
15	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , freshwater marsh , and freshwater spring .
14	wildflower such as columbia lilies , trillium , and bleeding heart grow in the spring .
15	etymology the name is indigenous australian in origin and was the name of a nearby spring .
18	spawning almost always occurs in the natal river , generally over a hard bottom just downstream of a spring on the river bottom feeding groundwater into the river .
38	activities the yosemite hybrid shuttle , yosemite 's free shuttle bus system yosemite valley is open year-round , but much of the remaining park is closed in late autumn because of snow and re-opens in mid to late spring .
4	it rises at a spring near the village of rauric , just west of the town of santa coloma de queralt in central catalonia , flows westwards past the villages of llorac , vallfogona de riucorb , guimerà , ciutadilla , nalec , rocafort de vallbona , sant martí de maldà , maldà , belianes , then veers northwards across the plain where it disappears into a network of irrigation canals .
9	anciently the village was the location of a medicinal spring of great repute , though its exact location is unknown .
12	it is found in moist rock scree and crevices , and around spring and streams .
6	it 's the first day of spring when all the women and girls are suddenly wearing a skirt with bare legs underneath .
3	this derives from spring wells of which wells used to have many , rising through the chalk of the area .
1	in spring , a single oak tree produces both male flowers ( in the form of catkin ) and small female flowers .
7	the arms are derived from a roman spring sanctum from the 2nd century unearthed high in the woods .
15	at the same time , the count palatine was granted leave to develop the brine spring near sankt julian .
5	this allows objects made of spring steel to return to their original shape despite significant bending or twisting .
2	three seasonal spring flow from the slope of the plateau ; yellowjacket , mcivers and willow springs .
33	jarilo ( cyrillic : ярило or ярила ; ; ; ; slavic : jarovit ) , alternatively yarilo , iarilo , or gerovit , was a slavic god of vegetation , fertility and spring .
34	types of streams include creeks , tributaries , which do not reach an ocean and connect with another stream or river , brooks , which are typically small streams and sometimes sourced from a spring or seep and tidal inlets .
21	strong water a girl or woman goes early in the morning to a resource of water , as a well , spring , or stream .
2	including its spring name , kŭmgang ( ) , it has many different names for each season , but it is most widely known today in the korean language as kŭmgangsan .
5	if we assume an idealized spring and idealized , kinetic frictional forces , proportional to the normal force and directed oppositely to the velocity , there is another example of discontinuous acceleration .
6	it represents the east and the spring season .
20	the swimming hole by thomas eakins a swimming hole is a place in a river , stream , creek , spring , or similar natural body of water , which is large enough and deep enough for a person to swim in .
20	only a few small tributary bring water to the lake most of the water comes from a 5 m deep spring which is located at the nearrowest part of the lake .
11	climbing season the most popular seasons for climbing throop peak are spring and fall because of the cooler temperatures and easy accessibility .
10	mirabilis coccinea , the scarlet four o'clock , is a spring wildflower native to the southwestern united states and northwestern mexico .
8	one type of tensioner is a large industrial spring .
9	the relictual slender salamander 's natural habitat are freshwater spring and riparian areas , interior chaparral and woodlands , and temperate coniferous forests .
9	the pellets are axially held in place by a spring .
13	it also came with a host of options including shock absorbers with sports spring sets , strut bars for the front and rear , mechanical lsd , enhanced air filter and a stainless steel and ceramic muffler .
24	when the doorbell button is pressed , the first solenoid 's plunger strikes one bar , and when the button is released , a spring on the plunger pushes the plunger up , causing it to strike the other bar , creating a two-tone sound ( '' ding-dong '' ) .
22	the town is locally well known for the caledon spa and casino and for its rolling hills and yellow canola fields in spring .
2	throughout the spring of 1778 , white was engaged in attacking british army detachments .
41	a pad with many small closed cells may also be referred to as a foam , but typically only a single large closed cell is used , as the cell can expand sideways and so provides characteristics more like a long spring .
19	attractions manatee springs state park is located west of town ; the crystal-clear water is a '' first-magnitude '' spring that flows directly into the suwannee river .
14	the name rabī ` al-awwal means the first ( month ) or beginning of spring , referring to its position in the pre-islamic arabian calendar .
1	the spring of 1944 was an active one for oyster bay .
2	during the spring melt , high waters often pinch the island into two separate entities near its thinnest point .
9	the gertraudenkapelle ( chapel ) was built over a spring named for her ( in 1616 by julius echter , expansion about 1849 ) .
22	an equatorial ring an equatorial ring was an astronomical instrument used in the hellenistic world to determine the exact moment of the spring and autumn equinoxes .
9	spring-loaded handles are the most popular and use a spring to work the barrel 's clamp .
13	a major feature of the landscape park are the fontaines bleues , natural spring whose waters are an unusual brilliant hue of blue .
54	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , river , intermittent rivers , freshwater lake , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , coastal freshwater lagoon , arable land , pastureland , plantation , rural gardens , urban area , water storage areas , pond , aquaculture ponds , open excavations , irrigated land , and seasonally flooded agricultural land .
13	most of the valleys on the islands have creeks which are fed by spring .
4	the fontaines bleues natural spring .
12	the average annual temperature is , or broken down by seasons : spring , summer , autumn and winter .
1	pure spring water was discovered near whetstone brook , and until '' the water cure '' closed in 1871 , the town was a curative health resort .
13	throughout the year , bartholomew sees the king getting angry at rain in spring , sun in summer , fog in autumn , and snow in winter .
14	, commonly called as , is regarded as one of the world 's leading spring manufacturers .
18	professor konrad eckes interpreted the name dadenborn as dados brunnen ( or in english , '' dado 's spring / well '' ) .
12	however , it has one unnamed tributary that is fed by a spring .
18	moreover , the fountain also refers to the municipality 's status as the site of a state-recognized health spring , the '' vulkania quelle '' in dreis .
9	it is rather prone to winter flooding since a spring and minor stream was poorly culvert there in the early 1970s .
34	it is considered to be closer to wild cabbage than most other domesticated forms , and is grown primarily in northern europe , where its tolerance of cold winter is valued for an early spring supply of edible leaves .
17	estimated to be in length , the levee was completed circa 1453 ; the levee kept the spring - fed fresh water in the waters around tenochtitlan and kept the brackish waters beyond the dike , to the east .
14	history water tower at the inn in 1859 , john h. gray discovered a spring while searching for petroleum in the village of cambridge , pennsylvania .
16	however , the moment the church was completed , he received his sign : a miraculous spring opened up in the church .
6	the external source can be a spring , a raised weight , or a compressed gas .
5	the ` ayn al asad spring surfaces within the base and flows into the wādī al asadī .
28	trees on some other streets , where more closely built skyscraper cause a greater wind tunnel effect , were knocked completely down , despite being too early in spring to involve leaf drag .
14	riparian-zone restoration is the ecological restoration of riparian-zone habitat of streams , rivers , spring , lakes , floodplain , and other hydrologic ecologies .
21	'' it was suleiman who named her gülbahar ( ) , with gül meaning ' rose ' and bahar meaning ' spring ' in turkish and persian .
27	biskirchen in the constituent community of biskirchen are the ruins of the old bischofskirche ( bishop 's church ) , and a well house housing the healing spring that appears here .
8	peoria mineral springs is 14,500 year old natural spring in the city of peoria , illinois , united states .
33	chuqik ` iraw pukyu or chuqi k'iraw pukyu ( quechua chuqi metal , every kind of precious metal / gold ( ( aymara ) , k ` iraw crip , cot , pukyu spring , well , hispanicized spelling choquequirao puquio ) is an archaeological site in peru .
7	wildlife a fox in the park during spring the wildlife population in the park usually consists roughly of : 200 red deer 150 roe deer 50 wild boar 200 mouflon other species found in the park include fox , badger , and the european pine marten .
17	'' this grave belongs to the wife of al williams , whose wife was killed at the spring in 1870 .
34	treefolk are likely to grow at the center of a faerie ring , to be a lone tree on a hillside or the oldest tree in a grove , to grow beside a welling spring , or to be one of two intertwined trees .
22	the castle dome trail is a strenuous hiking trail into the crags proper and passes near indian springs , a natural hillside spring with views of the crags .
15	on local , national and religious festivals , such as jashn-e-baharan ( the welcoming of spring ) , basant , eid , pakistan 's independence day and pakistan day the canal is illuminated with lights and different types of decor are laid out into the water - relevant to the festival .
11	salsabil ( ) is an islam arabic term referring to a spring in paradise ( jannah ) .
4	series elastic actuators a spring can be designed as part of the motor actuator , to allow improved force control .
80	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical dry forest , subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests , dry savanna , moist savanna , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland , river , intermittent rivers , swamp , freshwater lake , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , arable land , pastureland , rural gardens , water storage areas , pond , open excavations , and canal and ditches .
23	its natural habitat are subarctic forest , temperate forests , temperate shrubland , swamp , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , arable land , rural gardens , urban area , pond , and irrigated land .
6	the fountain of youth is a spring that supposedly restores the youth of anyone who drinks or bathes in its waters .
27	underpasses and bridges are used to facilitate many ( not all ) of the major road crossings ( the underpasses are highly prone to flooding during the spring ) .
10	in the outlying center of oberselters is found a mineral spring that gives forth the well known selterswasser , often known in english as '' seltzer '' .
10	mechanics the simplest freewheel device consists of two saw-toothed , spring - loaded discs pressing against each other with the toothed sides together , somewhat like a ratchet .
20	in romanian mythology , baba dochia , or the old dokia , is a figure identified with the return of spring .
11	the warm , green-tinted water , which is derived from a spring , flows from the large pool into the smaller one through a long water duct .
23	in a. alnifolia , they are about across , and appear on short raceme of three to 20 somewhat crowded together , in spring while the new leaves are still expanding .
15	many other instances have been reported of heavy construction equipment vanishing into muskeg in the spring as the frozen muskeg beneath the vehicle thawed .
1	in spring 1960 , mike proposed marriage to robin and they got engaged .
20	the 15th to 18th centuries because of climate conditions within the valley that meant that winter was harsh and that spring was virtually nonexistent , the valley had remained uninhabited for a long time .
15	to celebrate its international characteristics , iuj hosts an '' international festival '' during the spring term at which students showcase their respective cultures and cuisine for the local community .
1	its spring is located on the mountain skopska crna gora .
10	top mounted heave compensator drill string compensators are just giant spring between the drill bit and rig .
19	kwedi was also playing for croatian lower-league clubs nk zelina and nk dugo selo before joining nk radnik in spring 2011 .
11	its natural habitat are river , intermittent rivers , and freshwater spring .
1	in spring , the plant produces large flower with 5-fold symmetry .
29	drainage in the 19th century tank stream , a historical drain in the city of sydney from the 1881 household cyclopedia : this operation is always best performed in spring or summer , when the ground is dry .
16	imbolc as the first cross-quarter day following midwinter , this traditionally marks the first stirrings of spring .
7	it has no well defined beginning ( spring ) and no clear end ( delta ) .
9	the midpoint on the kellerweg forms the julianenbrunnen ( spring ) .
22	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland , intermittent freshwater marsh , freshwater spring , arable land , pastureland , rural gardens , urban area , and irrigated land .
12	the tundra of siberia and manchuria was an endless quagmire with the spring thaw making progress difficult .
2	geography the spring are in the rain shadow desert foothills of the san bernardino mountains on the deep creek fork of the mojave river .
10	it originated from the middle high german word brunne meaning spring or water well .
13	in 1907 , the ﬁrst watermain was laid , bringing water from a spring at the trautmannsberg .
6	they drew their water from a spring at the base of a small cliff on the mountain 's west slope , about from the tower via a short path .
6	his companions include jack frost and spring .
1	every spring , the annual jambalaya festival is held in gonzales .
14	the path itself led to what is now known as the abbot 's freshwater spring pond .
16	the tenth and final alpine event of the olympics , the two runs were held in spring - like conditions .
11	broadcasting strictly dance fever was normally broadcast during bbc one 's spring schedule .
20	derived formulas tensional stiffness of a uniform bar we may view a rod of any elastic material as a linear spring .
20	its natural habitat are temperate forest , temperate shrubland , swamp , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , irrigated land , and canal and ditches .
11	it was originally used as an inn for visitors to the spring waters that gave the village its name , very near its location .
3	the main permanent spring , sar cheshmeh make the region fertile for agriculture and gardening .
10	the name of the town is taken from a nearby spring and is aboriginal in origin , its meaning is unknown .
11	the land was rich and water was brought in from underground spring ( which were later destroyed by earthquake ) .
13	the name is aboriginal in origin and comes from the name of a spring that is found close to town , but the meaning of the word is unknown .
24	its habitat are temperate forests , small creeks , ponds , forest , temperate shrubland , river , intermittent rivers , freshwater , trees spring .
19	the community supports its own large chapel called horeb , which stands close to the common land and a spring said to have healing properties .
5	its source is a karstic spring at cornus , on the causse du larzac .
6	seedbed preparation is conducted in the spring , immediately before planting , by a pass with a double-disk harrowing and a pass with a field cultivator .
18	'' the sprightly , reggae - inflected song reached number 8 on the uk singles chart in the spring of 1977 .
28	its natural habitat are dry savanna , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland , intermittent river , intermittent freshwater marsh , freshwater spring , hot desert , and arable land .
11	may is a month of autumn in the southern hemisphere and spring in the northern hemisphere ( summer in europe ) .
8	the rancho building itself is located near puvunga spring alongside on one of the few small hills , alamitos mesa , in the area .
14	modern bathroom and kitchen taps often use ceramic or plastic surfaces sliding against other spring - loaded ceramic surfaces or plastic washers .
10	24-hour festival bnt also sponsors a 24-hour theater festival every spring .
17	its natural habitat are temperate forest , mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation , river , freshwater marsh , freshwater spring , rocky areas , and rural gardens .
29	one of several geographic features in the area -- including cold springs wash , cold springs reservoir and cold springs canyon -- that were likely named after a local spring , cold springs post office was established in 1880 and ran until 1883 .
7	'' the black circle '' , published spring 1949 325 .
6	floatopia occurs at the start of spring quarter '' along the beach and in the water in the 6500 and 6600 blocks of del playa drive .
20	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland , swamp , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , and pastureland .
32	its natural habitat are temperate forest , river , intermittent rivers , shrub-dominated wetland , swamp , freshwater lake , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , rocky areas , arable land , pastureland , plantation , water storage areas , pond , open excavations , wastewater treatment areas , seasonally flooded agricultural land , and canal and ditches .
32	this day also marks the end of the nine-day utsava called chaitra navaratri ( maharashtra ) or vasanthothsava ( telangana , andra pradesh , karnataka & tamil nadu ) ( festival of spring ) , which starts with gudi padwa ( maharashtra ) .
8	rarefaction can be easily observed by compressing a spring and releasing it .
4	miners struck a gushing spring of natural bitumen , a black treacle - like substance , when digging a canal tunnel for the coalport canal in 1787 .
9	reproduction and development house centipedes lay their eggs in spring .
7	at bowman park there is a permanent spring , and this is probably the ` crystal ' water that eyre was referring to when he named the stream .
14	richard t. james in the 1940s invented the structure after he knocked over a spring and noticed that it went for a sort of walk .
21	her head rolled down the hill and hit a stone ; as in the story of saint winefride , a healing spring burst from that spot .
12	it falls from mid-march to mid-april and is the last month of spring ( bôsôntô ) .
16	other things associated with air and blood in ancient and medieval medicine included the season of spring , since it increased the qualities of heat and moisture ; the sanguine temperament ( of a person dominated by the blood humor ) ; hermaphrodite ( combining the masculine quality of heat with the feminine quality of moisture ) ; and the northern point of the compass .
35	shafer has theorized that frightful cave may have been part of a seasonal round made by these hunter-gatherer groups , which , along with other cave in the area , would have been inhabited from spring through early summer , '' when foods such as flowers , bulbs , fruits and plums were available .
1	in spring 2007 , construction will begin on the social sciences building on the northeast side of campus .
20	the four colors reflect the colors of the maple leaf as it changes through the seasons -- green in the spring , gold in the early autumn , red at the first frost , and brown after falling .
28	some of the attractions in the hot springs area are the mammoth site of hot springs and evans plunge , built in 1890 , with its naturally warm spring water .
10	there numerous watering points in the form of creek , spring and swamps scattered around the property which can dry up before the onset of the wet season , making the catle dependent on bores for a small part of the year .
39	the text of herodotus the eupalinian aqueduct or ditch , is cited by herodotus ( histories 3.60 ) , without whom it would not have been discovered : description inside the aqueduct the tunnel took water from an inland spring , which was roofed over and thus concealed from enemies .
4	eggs are laid during spring near decaying plant matter .
15	it is an alcove seat on the western side of lower hartwell opposite a small spring .
12	in jebel awq , oman it occurs as precipitates from an alkaline spring emanating from ultramafic bedrock .
16	the ottawa international writers festival is a literary festival which takes place twice annually , in spring and fall , in ottawa , ontario , canada .
10	thunderstorm season in the usa and canada runs in the spring through summer .
35	as soon as the winter retreated , massive frankish armies were being amassed in italia , east francia , bavaria , saxony and alemannia that were going to simultaneously invade ljudevit 's lands in the spring .
11	its name is derived from the aboriginal name of a nearby spring , first recorded in 1872 .
18	the release process involved two pyrotechnic bolt being fired to release the satellite which was launched using a spring - loaded mechanism , a pin in a curved groove to impart a spin in the satellite .
0	spring 1917 as a private motorboat , prior to her u.s. navy service .
35	from the cantilevered living room , a stairway leads directly down to the stream below , and in a connecting space which connects the main house with the guest and servant level , a natural spring drips water inside , which is then channeled back out .
23	history pre-dissolution according to a local publication wanborough and its church , early man traveled along the hog 's back , found the spring in the village and had settled there by 8000 bc .
7	at this location there is a natural spring and a fermentation cellar for chilling the beer .
18	fictional dominican second baseman chico escuela ( portrayed by garrett morris ) was also with the mets that spring attempting to make a comeback at 41 years old .
11	the climate is wet and rainy from late autumn to early spring , and hot and dry in the summer .
34	variations in the name 's spelling ( including chikewelle , geykewelle , gigewel , yekewell ; yikewell ; zekewekk and zykwell ) suggest that its origin is an anglo-saxon toponym meaning ` gicca 's spring ' .
3	pinkster is a spring festival , taking place in late may or early june .
15	the stramilano is an annual athletics event which takes place in milan , italy in spring .
34	the original mudlavia hotel hotel mudlavia ( commonly referred to simply as mudlavia , and originally named the indiana springs company ) was a hotel and spa built on the site of a natural spring near the town of kramer in warren county , indiana .
12	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and freshwater spring .
16	according to one theory , the original celtic inhabitants already had a worshipping place at this spring ( the -- born part of the name ) in pre-christian times ringed with stone god figures .
6	during building a dam a strong spring was found .
6	the best seasons to visit are spring and autumn .
0	spring and fall are mild .
2	during the spring , the shrub 's fragrant yellow blossoms that appear are usually around 2 cm ( 0.8 in ) in diameter .
15	rhea springs , known as '' sulphur springs '' before 1878 , developed around a spring rumored to have '' healing '' qualities .
11	a garden was also built by jahangir next to this natural spring which is of pre-islamic religious significance .
13	it opens with a scene of buchanan , who depicts the season of spring .
12	jpg view of summit of black balsam knob covered by early morning spring haze .
7	its natural habitat are marsh , freshwater spring , coastal freshwater lagoon and acequia which may connect these .
20	the dark color of humus ( usually black or dark brown ) helps to warm up cold soils in the spring .
31	furthermore , napoléon iii commissioned sculptor jean-baptiste carpeaux to create a piece that would evoke '' flore '' ( in english flora ) , the roman goddess who represents flower and spring .
19	these include cross country and football in the fall , soccer in the winter , and baseball in the spring .
26	they include the : sanmon -- temple gate hon-dō -- main hall shōrō -- bell tower observances february 2 -- setsubun observance of the beginning of spring march -- vernal equinox higan service august 18 -- kannon festival august 24 -- segaki , a memorial service september -- autumnal equinox higan service december -- ` joya no kane ' , ringing of the temple bell 108 times for the new year order in buddhist pilgrimages ; bandō sanjūsankasho transportation kōzō-ji is in the yano district of kisarazu , which is one hour by bus from kisarazu station on the jr east uchibō line and kururi line .
2	the natural spring fed green lake before it was capped and drained to the metro sewer system after it became contaminated by residential development ( 1920 , 1931 ) .
10	the term is derived from the arabic word for '' spring '' , which is used in the indian subcontinent .
5	example the motion of a spring satisfying hooke 's law is given by the semi-implicit euler for this equation is the iteration preserves the modified energy functional exactly , leading to stable periodic orbits ( for sufficiently small step size ) that deviate by from the exact orbits .
8	course the sturgeon river begins at an unnamed spring between the simcoe highlands and the western edge of the oro moraine , and just west of the community of horseshoe valley in oro-medonte .
7	when the frozen ground thawed in the spring , the surface soil was very wet because the melted snow and ground water could not sink into the permafrost .
16	the world league of american football was founded in 1991 to serve as a type of spring league .
9	in the film , rainbow brite tries to bring spring to an earth that is already facing a perpetual winter .
12	the river name is derived from old norse íla which means '' spring '' .
29	in addition , dambo ( grasslands which become marsh in the rainy season ) are prevalent in most of the country and water is usually available in them from spring or shallow well .
31	as for the ahlenbornerhof , the ending -- hof means '' farm '' or '' estate '' , and the syllables to which that is sufﬁxed apparently refer to an old spring , for the homestead once lay near one ( this would be bei einem alten brunnen in modern high german ) .
27	santa ana wind : santa anas are hot , high winds that blow from the eastern mountains and deserts towards coastal southern california , usually in the spring and fall .
8	recent innovations include multi-colored plastic-coated paper clips and spring - fastened binder clip .
11	the chapel is said to have once been built over a spring .
2	in the spring of 1904 , st. charles became the scene of what would become known as the '' st. charles lynching of 1904 '' .
15	it also has a village duck pond next to a large horse-chestnut tree and megalithic spring .
45	origin of water on earth evolution of water on mars and earth hydrosphere hydrology water distribution on earth water cycle groundwater body of water salt water seawater ocean sea tide brine brackish water fresh water aquifer river drainage drainage divide drainage basin lake glacier geyser spring waterfall list of waterfalls weather a snowflake .
26	of these species , only around 75 actually breed within the state ; the remainder are migrating or wintering species that are only present during the spring or winter months .
7	physical geography the kinnickinnic river rises from spring in st. croix county and flows in a southwesterly direction before emptying into the st. croix river in kinnickinnic state park .
12	it flies year-round , with peaks from february to may and in spring .
4	transformation transformation was released spring of 2006 , and is the last expansion set for the dragonball z trading card game .
2	well and spring are other major forms of water supply .
6	the resultant compression of the internal spring creates the desired resistance ; the bullworker returns to its original position when pressure is released .
11	this whole week receives the name of fiestas de primavera ( spring fest ) .
1	deep spring and catchment basin , such as warm mineral springs , were close enough to the sarasota area to provide camp sites , but too far away for permanent settlements .
7	meccano magazine ' s last issue was spring 1981 .
22	however , in common with most other subduction zones , the outer margin is slowly being compressed , similar to a giant spring .
19	as the name implies it was extremely uncomfortable , but the discomfort was somewhat ameliorated by a long flat spring that supported the saddle and absorbed many of the shocks from rough road surfaces .
7	an example is the action of a spring .
3	the damper and spring rates were also different from the ur-q .
5	lake santa fe is a spring - fed lake in northeastern alachua county , florida .
13	llanwrtyd wells grew as a spa town , based around the ffynnon ddrewllyd spring , which still exists .
39	a constructed functional rill is a small canal ; of stone , brick , concrete , or other lining material ; usually in cross section ; for water transportation from a source such as a river - creek , spring , reservoir , qanat , or aqueduct ; for domestic consumption or agricultural irrigation of crop land uses .
66	its natural habitat are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , dry savanna , moist savanna , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , river , intermittent rivers , freshwater lake , intermittent freshwater lakes , freshwater marsh , intermittent freshwater marshes , freshwater spring , arable land , pastureland , rural gardens , heavily degraded former forest , and pond .
29	below is a general list of produce seasonality for north of and south of the tropics , including canada , the united states , europe , japan , etc. spring fruits are apricot , strawberries , cherries .
12	overview potential energy is often associated with restoring force such as a spring or the force of gravity .
6	french zouave officer in tonkin , spring 1885 the fullest account of the action was given by paul sainmont , an officer in chef de bataillon mignot 's battalion of the 2nd zouave regiment , which had accompanied simon 's battalion to tonkin : today the 1st battalion , 1st zouave regiment was at grips with the soldiers of luu vinh phuc in the thanh may district near the village of bang huyen .
16	the kimberley diamond cup is a skateboarding event held at the beginning of each southern hemisphere spring in kimberley , northern cape , south africa .
8	another style of electrically powered damper uses a spring - return mechanism and a shaded-pole synchronous motor .
6	the species damages plants from late spring to early summer .
1	; spring : the point at which a stream emerges from an underground course through unconsolidated sediment or through caves .
4	karst features such as spring , losing stream , sinkhole and cave are common in the limestone of the springfield plateau and abundant in the dolostone bedrock of the salem plateau and boston mountains .
12	there are a large number of mature tree and blossom trees in spring , together with crocus and daffodils and flowerbeds that burst with color during summer .
4	flowering is normally in spring and early summer ( october -- december ) , but conditions may cause flowering at other times of the year .
18	when heavy snow occurs early in the fall ( or , on rarer occasions , late in the spring ) , significant damage can occur to trees still in leaf .
14	visitor attraction there are over 10,000 species of flora planted here and during the spring season in nuwara eliya thousands of visitors come to see the blooms here .
9	wich and wych are names used to denote brine spring or well .
9	headwaters and course tilhance creek 's source is a spring on the eastern flank of third hill mountain ( 2172 feet/662 m ) in western berkeley county , west virginia .
6	compared to the common use of spring , strut , and shock absorber in a car suspension , nivomat replaces all of these components with a single unit per wheel which provides damping , ride control , and a self-levelling function .
25	according to legend , he saved the people of choilley-dardenay during drought by striking the ground with his pilgrim 's staff , which caused a spring of water to bubble up .