7	history josiah l. maxey , a gardiner bank who had recently financed construction of the kennebec central railroad , obtained legislative approval for consolidation of the sandy river railroad and rangeley railroad ( p & r ) on 10 march 1891 .
6	banking a drive-through shared by a bank and a coffee shop .
8	the panic of 1837 triggered by the failing bank in america is followed by a severe depression lasting until 1845 .
23	eli landa , born 21 march 1984 in sandnes , norway , but now living in stavanger , is a norwegian model , bank employee and teacher student at the university of stavanger who was crowned frøken norge universe 2009 ( miss norway universe 2009 ) on 28 march 2009 .
13	investments are often made indirectly through intermediaries , such as pension funds , bank , brokers , and insurance companies .
6	the village also has a commercial bank , an insurance company and a cashomat .
1	the bank was first established on march 17 , 1971 .
8	after falling into financial problems , the funding bank forced the company to put together its operations with the neighbouring competitor o/y autokoritehdas ; this lead to foundation of o/y suomen autoteollisuus a/b .
9	it has been created to get financial features , bank - oriented specifically .
21	acette provides technology strategy consulting services , enterprise application integration services , information technology enabled services and value-added reseller services to bank and other financial services companies , industrial companies , trading houses and government organizations in asia , and africa .
0	bank ) is a kibbutz in northern israel .
11	the bridge was repeatedly extended in this manner until the opposite bank was reached .
34	avalon is a suburb of lower hutt in new zealand , formed as a private residential development in the 1970s on land formerly occupied by market - garden on the left ( eastern ) bank of the hutt river .
7	tarbell built his studio perched on the bank of the piscataqua river , ambling there each morning along gardens of peonies , iris and hollyhock .
18	the house itself is a three - bay stone building , one-and-a-half stories tall , located on the bank of the licking river .
12	during the black hills expedition , several wagons became stuck at a bank .
23	left-bank ukraine left-bank ukraine ( ; ; ) is a historic name of the part of ukraine on the left ( east ) bank of the dnieper river , comprising the modern-day oblast of chernihiv , poltava and sumy as well as the eastern parts of kiev and cherkasy .
27	in 1799 , however , berbice governor abraham jacob van imbijze van batenburg and suriname governor jurriaan françois de friderici signed an agreement in which the western bank of the courantyne river was demarcated as the boundary .
45	at the junction , sr 109 curves north along the pacific ocean and passes ocean city , copalis beach , griffiths-priday state park , pacific beach and moclips before entering the quinault indian reservation and taholah to end at quinault street , located on the bank of the quinault river .
11	riparian plants , such as populus fremontii , flank the creek bank .