24	the diamond-shaped tufa blocks were placed with the pointed ends into the cement core at an angle of roughly 45 degrees , so the square bases formed a diagonal pattern , and the pattern of mortar lines resembled a net .
24	the first dragon slayer title was an early action role-playing game , released in 1984 for the nec pc-88 computer system and ported by square for the msx .
4	a trigonal trapezohedron with square faces is a cube .
13	undecorated bottles used as containers for a variety of liquids were blown into square molds to give them corners so they could be packed into compartments of wooden cases .
5	for example , quasitruncating the square gives a regular octagram , and quasitruncating the cube gives the uniform stellated truncated hexahedron .
12	gems normal gems come in seven different colors and shapes such as square - shaped rubies , rhombus - shaped topaz , sphere - shaped diamond , decagonal emerald , crystal-shaped sapphire , triangle - shaped amethyst , and hexagonal garnets .
16	there are only three shapes that can form such regular tessellations : the equilateral triangle , square , and regular hexagon .
9	at the center of the village is a large square known as the ` borough ' around which are grouped picturesque cottage and a public house , the phelips arms ; there is a second public house and hotel situated in the village , called the king 's arms .
6	it contains 20 triangle , 30 square and 12 pentagon .
9	development einhänder was the first 3d shooter developed by square , a company otherwise mostly known for their role-playing video game .
10	next the outlaw places his red peg on the small square on the opposite end of the board .
21	video the video features d mob and singing in front of people with yellow mask in the shapes of triangle , square and circle , with the occasional mask of an eye .
8	there is the 1-d split-ring structure with two square rings , one inside the other .
1	a square has even multiplicity for all prime factors ( it is of the form a 2 for some a ) .
25	this graphical method is not only suited to racing games ; it is also used extensively for the overworld sections of role-playing games such as square 's popular 1994 game final fantasy vi .
23	dice had been interested in english translations of japanese games and following in the footsteps of ted woolsey in the translation of several square japanese titles .
1	the square was created in 1785 .
30	in the desarguesian projective plane of order q , pg ( 2 , q ) , the size of a blocking set b is bounded : when q is a square the lower bound is achieved by any baer subplane and the upper bound comes from the complement of a baer subplane .
1	ball square : a low rectangular parallelepiped shape .
7	other now-famous companies such as enix , square and nihon falcom also produced similar eroge in the early 1980s before they became famous for their mainstream role-playing games .
10	in computer and video games in several games produced by square , including chrono trigger , final fantasy v , final fantasy vii , final fantasy viii , final fantasy ix , and final fantasy x , dark matter exists as a powerful magical element , enabling certain kinds of major attacks .
3	consider the largest square that can be placed in an arbitrary triangle .
12	a p-gonal antiprismatic prism or p-gonal antiduoprism has 4p triangle , 4p square and 4 p-gon faces .
27	the number 10 , for example , can be arranged as a triangle ( see triangular number ) -rcb- but 10 can not be arranged as a square .
12	is a 3d fighting game developed by light weight and published by square and sony for the playstation .
18	an american-style crossword grid layout a crossword is a word puzzle that normally takes the form of a square or a rectangular grid of white and black shaded squares .
13	in number theory , the sum of the first n cube is the square of the n th triangular number .
31	the café novelty ( coffeehouse novelty ) is the oldest café in the city of salamanca ( spain ) , which was founded in 1905 and is situated in the main square of the city , plaza mayor de salamanca .
24	he spent the next few years working first as a manga illustrator then as a composer for anime series before coming to work for square .
11	concrete wading pools come in many shapes , traditionally rectangle , square or circle .
4	the following year , square 's suishō no dragon on the nes took it a step further with its introduction of visual icons and animated scenes .
3	in 1986 , square released the science fiction adventure game suishō no dragon for the nes console .
6	there are one triangle , two square , and one hexagon on each vertex .
26	the name of the squaring function shows its importance in the definition of the area : it comes from the fact that the area of a square with sides of length is equal to .
22	plaza degetau , formally plaza federico degetau , is the larger of two plaza at plaza las delicias , the main city square in the city of ponce , puerto rico .
14	the starter kit includes 92 pieces of various geometric shapes including a triangle , square , and hexagon , various beams and connectors , and treads that can be attached to shapes to form wheels .
18	committed from the start to make a franchise to rival series such as enix 's dragon quest and square 's final fantasy , murayama wrote a chronological prequel for his story and used that instead in order not to waste the suikoden ii script due to his lack of experience .
31	the game was directed by yasumi matsuno , and since the release of the title , he has chosen sakimoto as a regular for his development team at quest and later square .
39	there are two possible values for k , namely 1 and 2 , and so two possible apex angles , namely : according to the pdn-theorem the quadrilateral a 2 is a regular 4-gon , that is , a square .
23	monument dedicated to the heroes of the battles of independence of bahia from portugal ( july 2 , 1823 ) , campo grande square .
19	( see centimetre ) 1 cm -- 10 millimeters 1 cm -- 0.39 inch 1 cm -- edge of square of area 2 1 cm -- edge of cube of volume 1 ml 1 cm -- approximate width of average fingernail 1.5 cm -- length of a very large mosquito 2 cm -- approximate width of an adult human finger 2.54 cm -- 1 inch 3.1 cm -- 1 attoparsec ( 10 − 18 parsec ) 3.5 cm -- width of film commonly used in motion pictures and still photography 4.3 cm -- minimum diameter of a golf ball 7.3-7 .5 cm -- diameter of a baseball 8.6 cm × 5.4 cm -- dimensions of a typical credit card 1 decimetre lengths between 10 centimetre and 100 centimetres ( 10 − 1 metre and 1 metre ) .
11	a four-sided plane figure is a quadrilateral ( quadrangle ) or square , sometimes also called a tetragon .
0	square ( regular quadrilateral ) : all four sides are of equal length ( equilateral ) , and all four angles are right angles .
12	after several years of private composition studies he became an employee of square in 1994 .
18	( ex : snatcher ) software companies that produced exclusive software for the nec pc-8801 included enix , square , sega , nihon falcom , bandai , hal laboratory , ascii , pony canyon , technology and entertainment software , wolf team , dempa , champion soft , starcraft , micro cabin , psk , and bothtec .
13	creid ( , meaning '' believe '' ) is the arranged soundtrack to square 's role-playing video game xenogears .
9	is a 1999 video game developed and published by square .
25	on the bottom part of the screen is a small keyboard , on which there are some shapes ( triangle , circle , diamond , square , etc. ) .
10	when unspecified , the base is usually assumed to be square .
16	a part of that definition may be singled out ( using parentheses here ) : a square : ( a quadrilateral that has interior angles which are all right angles ) , and that has bounding sides which all have the same length .
10	the brunswick parks and recreation department operates city park and square .
5	prior to the merger of square and enix in 2003 , enix did not initially have a localization department and outsourced its western releases to translators who had no close contact with the original development teams .
10	an equilateral quadrilateral is a rhombus , which includes the square as a special case .