18	other notable american moles other agents in place in the us government or military who worked as a mole for either the kgb or the svr , include : james hall iii - an army warrant officer and intelligence analyst in germany who sold eavesdropping and code secrets to east germany and the soviet union from 1983 to 1988 .
5	rictor was planted as a mole to find out what the purifiers were up to .
9	the intelligence provided by the informant reveals that a mole with access to the president 's security detail had provided information to the assassins .
19	after the war he provided intelligence to the british , but they released him suspecting he was a soviet mole .
24	steelix ( voiced by j.w . meyers ) - steelix was jen 's original partner in time force , but he was secretly a mole who was selling top-secret information to ransik .
16	he reported that he cooperated fully with the americans , eventually agreeing to serve as a mole for the cia , first in guantanamo bay detention camp , and later in bosnia , where he was tasked to win the trust of arab veterans of the bosnian war of independence .
2	a soviet mole , and later other spies tipped off the missions to moscow , which in turn relayed the information to albania .
12	an east german , constantine vishnevsky , has offered information regarding a mole within mi6 , in exchange for safe passage for himself and his family to the west .
26	double agents some people listed here are not true double agents ( as defined above ) , but rather ( single ) agents working as a mole within an intelligence organization .
4	due to a kgb mole , the soviets anticipate kelly 's arrival and the mission is disastrously compromised .
12	the leader replies that he has already won since he has a mole in the justice league .
1	each mole has been planted by the rival organization to gain an advantage in intelligence over the other side .
11	he is called to death city to help uncover an enemy mole within dwma , revealed to be justin law , who determines his soul perception to be a threat to asura and murders him .
10	an undercover cia operative is accused of being a russian mole , and has to go on the run to defend himself .
7	some rcmp testimony claimed he was a mole who left the plot just days before its execution because he was told to pull out , but the canadian government denied that report .
5	the synonymous bengal , a mole in the cincinnati bengals organization who calls in to provide anonymous rumors about the team using frequent malapropism .
9	one of them , however , is '' the mole '' , a double agent hired by the producers to sabotage the efforts of the group .
16	control , the anonymous chief of the circus , comes to suspect that there is a mole deep in the organization .
11	during warrick 's investigation , rumors began that gedda had a mole in the lvpd .
2	a soviet mole had warned western intelligence that information was being leaked from portland .
15	the second season featured a team of 14 players , one of whom was the mole .
2	former cia mole karl koecher made unsupported claims that kalugin was responsible for koecher 's eventual arrest .
12	rima 's task was to tell the housemates that there was a mole when there was not .
25	the main villains of the show are the power-hungry police chief pamela bondani , who wants to become the town 's mayor , and her mole assistant professor molo .
20	when the heroes return to the lair , they find a note from dr. dark suggesting there may be a mole within the group .
36	plot the film follows the exploits of sam boyd ( gene hackman ) , a former operative for the cia who is reactivated to escort pyotr ivanovich grushenko ( mikhail baryshnikov ) , a captured kgb mole , to a prisoner exchange in recently reunited berlin .
16	ten months after chan 's death lau kin-ming ( andy lau ) , hon 's former mole in the hong kong police force , has been demoted to administrative duty pending an investigation into the deaths of chan and inspector b. he falsely claims that b shot chan in the head while holding him hostage , and that he killed b in retaliation .
32	the only method of contacting him is through a high-tech , secure website , and any person the fbi manages to take into custody ends up dead at the hands of a mole .
37	part four ned reflects that every employee of the circus of a certain generation can recall where he or she was at the time of '' the fall '' -- bill haydon 's exposure as a kgb mole .
6	kanya , who is akkarat 's mole , discovers the new plague and sets about trying to contain it .
9	the fraction of guanine + cytosine pairs is 65 mole percent .
35	gamma is assumed from kinetic theory to be exactly 5/3 = 1.6667 for monatomic gases such as noble gas ) ; is the absolute temperature in kelvin ; is the molar mass in kilogram per mole .
5	taking into account that 1 mole is equal to 6.022 atoms , this number corresponds to kton of the target substances , whereas present neutrino detector operate at much lower quantities of those .
14	( ) , we have thus , the product of pressure and volume per mole is proportional to the average ( translational ) molecular kinetic energy .
24	it is a functions of the temperature t , the volume v and the amounts of chemical components n j ( usually measured in mole ) , n is the vector with components n j .
53	the ccu proposed to in addition to the speed of light , define four constants of nature -- planck 's constant , an elementary charge , boltzmann constant and avogadro constant -- to have exact values retire the international prototype kilogram revise the current definitions of the kilogram , ampere , kelvin and mole to make use of the above four constants of nature tighten the wording of the definitions of all the base units the cipm meeting of october 2010 found that '' the conditions set by the general conference at its 23rd meeting have not yet been fully met .
12	topics are usually covered earlier than normal ; for example , the mole is introduced in year 1 rather than in year 3 , some kinematics in year 1 instead of year 5 , and molecular biology and genetics in year 4 instead of year 6 .
17	the international prototype kilogram be retired the current definitions of the kilogram , ampere , kelvin and mole be revised .
39	when the heat of fusion is referenced to a unit of mass , it is usually called the specific heat of fusion , while the molar heat of fusion refers to the enthalpy change per amount of substance in mole .
14	atp recycling the total quantity of atp in the human body is about 0.2 mole .
4	alcoholic fermentation converts one mole of sucrose into four moles of ethanol and four moles of carbon dioxide , producing two moles of atp in the process .
13	the detection threshold for pyridine in solutions is about 1 -- 3 m mole · l − 1 ( 79 -- 237 mg · l − 1 ) .
25	for example , for a nuclide with half-life ( 60 million years ) , this means 77 half-lives have elapsed , meaning that for each mole ( ) of that nuclide being present at the formation of earth , only 4 atoms remain today .
2	one zepto mole ( zmol ) of substance contains 602 particles .
2	examples 1 mole of glucose ( c 6 h 12 o 6 ) is equivalent to 6 c-moles of glucose .
12	gram atomic mass is the mass , in gram , of one mole of atom in a monatomic chemical element .
6	to find the enthalpy change per mole of a substance a in a reaction between two substances a and b , the substances are added to a calorimeter and the initial and final temperature ( before the reaction started and after it has finished ) are noted .
47	sackur -- tetrode constant the sackur -- tetrode constant , written s 0 / r , is equal to s/kn evaluated at a temperature of t = 1 kelvin , at standard pressure ( 100 kpa or 101.325 kpa , to be specified ) , for one mole of an ideal gas composed of particles of mass equal to one atomic mass unit ( m u = ) .
40	fission product yields by mass for thermal neutron fission of u-235 , pu-239 , a combination of the two typical of current nuclear power reactors , and u-233 used in the thorium cycle if a graph of the mass or mole yield of fission products against the atomic number of the fragments is drawn then it has two peaks , one in the area zirconium through to palladium and one at xenon through to neodymium .
31	the time and date are derived from avogadro 's number , which is approximately 6.02 × 10 23 , defining the number of particles ( atoms or molecules ) in one mole of substance , one of the seven base si units .
8	it is fixed by the definitions of the mole and of relative atomic mass .
21	the procedure for calculating oxygen balance in terms of 100 grams of the explosive material is to determine the number of mole of oxygen that are excess or deficient for 100 grams of a compound .
14	for the fuel carrying salts , generally 1 % or 2 % ( by mole ) of uf 4 is added .
31	in the latter configuration , the two methyls are said to be in a gauche relationship , and the relative potential energy of each methyl-methyl gauche interaction is 0.9 kilocalorie per mole ( 4 kj / mol ) .
31	one u is defined as the amount of the enzyme that produces a certain amount of enzymatic activity , that is , the amount that catalyzes the conversion of 1 micro mole of substrate per minute .
17	molar refractivity , on the other hand , is a measure of the total polarizability of a mole of a substance and can be calculated from the refractive index as where ρ is the density , and m is the molecular mass .
46	the u.s. epa also defined the pool depth as 0.01 m ( i.e. , 1 cm ) so that the surface area of the pool liquid could be calculated as : notes : 1 kpa = 0.0102 kgf / cm ² = 0.01 bar mol = mole atm = atmosphere stiver and mackay 's method the following equations are for predicting the rate at which liquid evaporates from the surface of a pool of liquid which is at or near the ambient temperature .
38	specific heat specific heat , also called specific heat capacity , is defined as the amount of energy that has to be transferred to or from one unit of mass ( kilogram ) or amount of substance ( mole ) to change the system temperature by one degree .
23	concern has also been expressed that the authors of the proposal had failed to address the impact of breaking the link between the mole , kilogram , the dalton ( da ) , the avogadro constant ( n a ) and avogadro 's number ( n n ) .
29	a mixture of methyl isocyanate and two moles of hydrogen chloride is formed , but n-methylcarbamoyl chloride ( mcc ) forms as the mixture is condensed , leaving one mole of hydrogen chloride as a gas .
10	the most common are food items such as plates of mole , tamale , sweets , fruit , hot chocolate , atole , tequila , mezcal and beer .
21	in toluca the most famous dish is chorizo , a regional sausage made of ground pork and tomato sauce , pumpkin mole , pipian and other ingredients such as salt , pepper , white wine , almonds , potatoes , vinegar , garlic and chile .
13	during this and other festival typical dishes of the area include corunda , mole , barbacoa and '' guenches '' which is a larvae found on strawberry trees .
3	food and drink mole is a typical dish from the area of oaxaca and puebla .
12	in his own words : he is made of '' chile , mole and pasilla pepper '' ( ) .
13	it is not unheard of for mexican americans to serve their turkey with mole and roasted corn .
6	the feet can be seasoned with mole sauce .
23	formed from '' mojado '' ( wet or dripping ) probably referring to the mint leaves in the well known cuba drink ; mole : from spanish , from nahuatl molle or molli ( '' sauce '' ) ; montana : from montaña , a mountain ; mosquito : from mosquito , literally '' little fly '' ; mulatto : from spanish or portuguese mulato meaning '' octoroon , sambo '' .
7	typical foods include mixiotes , barbacoa , mole with turkey , tocatlán style chicken along with crystallized fruit and a dessert item called '' muégano .
43	some known dishes alegría , a candy made from puffed amaranth and boiled-down honey or maguey sap , in ancient times formed into the shapes of aztec gods balché , mayan fermented honey drink champurrado , a chocolate drink chili guacamole huarache mezcal mole pejelagarto , a fish with an alligator-like head seasoned with the amashito chile and lime pozole pulque or octli , an alcoholic beverage of fermented maguey juice salsa taco tamale tepache , pineapple beer tlacoyo ( gordita ) corn tortilla pupusa , thick cornmeal flatbread from the pipil culture of el salvador xocolātl native american cuisine of south america roast guinea pig ( cuy ) ceviche cheese-filled arepa chipa , cheese bread andean cultures this currently includes recipes known from the quechua , aymara and nazca of the andes .
19	mexican cuisine features sauces which may contain chocolate , seeds , and chiles collectively known by the nahua name mole ( compare guacamole ) .
32	on its saints day , the town of otumba lays out a carpet of flower petals on the atrium of the church along with decorative floral portals , dances , barbacoa and mole .
25	common recipes for the iguana include stews ( guisado ) , pozole , birria , roasted in taco and flauta , roasted and finished with mole , and even sauteed with almonds .
2	' ; mole : from mōlli , '' sauce '' ; nopal : from nohpalli , '' prickly pear cactus '' ; ocelot : from ocēlōtl ; peyote : from peyōtl .
11	the most important example of this connection is the use of mole for special occasions and holidays , particularly in the south and center regions of the country .
51	although it is traditionally used with black beans for flavor and its carminative properties ( less gas ) , it is also sometimes used to flavor other traditional mexican dishes as well : it can be used to season quesadilla and sope ( especially those containing huitlacoche ) , soups , mole de olla , tamale with cheese and chile , chilaquiles , eggs and potatoes and enchilada .
0	mole ( ) is a mexican sauce made from chili peppers mixed with spices , unsweetened chocolate , almond , and other ingredients .
16	the most common fillings are pork and chicken , in either red or green salsa or mole .
32	some items typical of latin american cuisine include maize - based dishes ( tortilla , tamale , pupusa ) and various salsas and other condiments ( guacamole , pico de gallo , mole ) .
8	the typical food of santo tomas is turkey mole and tamale , which are served in family gatherings , weddings and quinceañera .
21	in aztec times , two or three corn tortillas would be eaten with each meal , either plain or dipped in mole or a chili pepper and water sauce .
20	it is one of the dishes most commonly served during taquizas ( taco parties ) , together with tinga , mole , chicharrón , and papas con chorizo .
10	some of the traditional foods here include several types of mole ( negro , rojo , amarillo , coloradito and more ) , chichilo , tasajo , tamales in banana leaves and tacos with chapulines ( fried grasshoppers ) .
3	traditional dishes include mole , corunda , tamale , uchepo , esquites , along with silversides fish from the lake prepared in various ways .
14	usually they are served with patties of dried shrimp , and potatoes in a mole sauce .
31	they are stuffed with a variety of fillings including potatoes and ground beef , apples , pineapple , sweetened rice , or other typical mexican ingredients , such as tinga and mole .
23	food and festivals dishes of the area include mixiote , tlacoyo with fava beans , pinto beans and requeson , cecina , green mole with chicken or pork , and pork in chile mulato but a very local specialty is tamal with capulin ( a type of cherry ) and corn .
8	traditional foods of the municipality include carnitas , mole , barbacoa and tamale filled with beans .
9	some examples of the typical food are pozole , mole and barbacoa mass with .
19	the ground cocoa is also an important ingredient in tejate and a number of savory foods , such as mole .
29	in one strip he turned himself into a dodo , tricking his teacher into believing that that bird was not extinct ; in another , he became a grotesque mole - like creature , burrowing under a smoke chimney and causing it to collapse .
13	examples shrew tuatara hedgehog kiwi long-beaked echidna platypus leeches of the genus americobdella mole american robin wormsnake some sea snails e.g. jaspidiconus and conus species .
9	order : soricomorpha family : talpidae 3 species of mole occur in pennsylvania .
14	the fur is waterproof , and the texture is akin to that of a mole .
2	description a mole taupe is a dark tan , sometimes grayish brown or brownish gray .
12	in the toyline , the lead bounty hunter was immortalized as '' mole man .
8	characters in salamandastron arula arula is an anthropomorphic mole from the redwall series .
9	the name is derived from the japanese word for mole .
27	the subfamily talpinae , sometimes called '' old world moles '' or '' old world moles and relatives '' , is one of three subfamilies of the mole family talpidae , the others being the scalopinae , or new world moles , and the uropsilinae , or shrew-like moles .
13	bestiae is a defunct taxon that contained pig , armadillo , hedgehog , mole , shrew , and opossum .
21	the word derives from the french noun taupe , which in turn is from the latin talpa , both meaning '' mole '' ( the mammal ) .
0	mole - the talking moles of narnia are excellent tunnelers and gardeners .
31	to make puddle , clay or heavy loam is chopped with a spade and mixed into a plastic state with water and sometimes coarse sand or grit to discourage excavation by mole or water vole .
27	other characters , which are essentially large scale puppets , are a strange-looking blue tree frog called rockit ( sic ) , a purple and green striped mole ( who almost looks like one of the fimbles ) called roly mo , a plump and motherly pink bird called bessie and her chick , ribble .
21	hulda ( ) is a feminine given name derived from חולדה chuldah or huldah , a hebrew word meaning weasel or mole .
5	the most distasteful items were mole and bluebottle fly ; panther , crocodile and mouse were among the other dishes noted by guests .
5	drilbur , known as the mole pokémon , burrows underground at more than 50 km/h .
26	she is very good at magic and capable of speaking many animal languages ( including ones which she claims to be a bit difficult such as mole , aardvark , ant , centipede and alien ) .
14	etymology the genus name talpanas is taken from the latin word talpa , meaning mole and referring to the small size of the eyes , and the greek word anas , or duck .
32	'' greene claimed that she had accompanied willimot into a wood where she said willimot had conjured up two spirits in the form of a kitten and a '' moldewarp '' ( mole ) which had climbed on her shoulders and sucked at her ears .
15	sad man has a puppet called '' decimole '' , as for him being a mole .
23	some of the enemy creatures include jellyfish , an eel - like agnathan , clown fish , clam , flying squirrel , and mole .
21	eileen roberts eileen ( voiced by minty lewis , a writer/storyboard artist for the series ) is a shy and timid mole who works at a local coffee shop , previously alongside margaret smith .
14	brutal : above the claw introduces two additional characters : chung poe - a mole who can transform into an anthropomorphic bat - dragon hybrid during battle .
6	the player gets to control a mole which digs through dirt collecting various fruits and vegetables .
10	numerous other animals including panda , camel , rat , mole , sheep and cat , depending upon the strip 's plot requirements .
4	) , chipmunk , mole and bat ( especially the little brown bat ( myotis lucifugus ) ) may be taken occasionally .
4	molecom is a bespectacled mole who is often found clearing up the mess left behind after flash has tried to cause havoc .
37	jpg templewood house wildlife wildlife that can be seen in the locality include : birds barn owl , buzzard , wood pigeon , kingfisher , tawny owl , heron , animals rabbit , hare , hedgehog , mole , chinese water deer , red deer , muntjac deer , fallow deer , badger , pipistrelle bat , grey squirrel jubilee bridge river mun close to its source public transport bus services are provided by the following sanders coaches run between cromer and north walsham .
41	i , ii mammal ; ; insectivore erinaceus europaeus praeglacialis brunner ( preglaciation european hedgehog ) sorex minutus linnaeus ( eurasian pygmy shrew ) sorex runtonensis ( hinton ) pachyura etrusca ( savi ) talpa minuta freudenberg ( a genus of mole ) the skull of petralona .
14	part of the wharf was filled in between 1879 and 1882 , creating a mole .
28	the ferries had a shallow draft , allowing them to skim over the mines floating beneath the surface , and were robust enough to approach the heavily defended mole curling into the north sea .
14	the place was defended by two batteries mounting three heavy guns each on the mole , a tower with one gun and a battery with two guns .
35	the first cruise ship was the sunward in 1969 , which docked at the navy 's pier in the truman annex or the privately owned pier b. the navy 's pier is called the navy mole .
8	stone from kjerringberget was used to build a mole in korsvika .
6	when the ship neared the zeebrugge mole she cast the two ferries aside .
13	many of the troops were able to embark from the harbor 's protective mole onto 39 british destroyer and other large ships , while others had to wade out from the beaches , waiting for hours in the shoulder-deep water .
12	the tyrians used the fire ship in attempt to destroy alexander 's mole .
27	the key system transit company established its own ferry service in 1903 between the ferry building in san francisco and its own pier and wharf ( '' mole '' ) on the oakland shoreline , located just south of what is today the eastern approach to the san francisco – oakland bay bridge .
42	all three included a road connection to tyssøy , with the bridge proposals costing for the tyssøy connection , and the tunnel having a cost of , in part because the earthworks volume from the tunnel could be used to build a mole with a short bridge .
15	the modern port started its operations in 1854 during the british raj , when a mole was constructed to connect city to the harbor .
5	dunkerque was tied alongside the mole with her stern facing the sea , so she could not return fire .
5	when they arrive at the mole there , soldiers begin scrambling onto the boat , but michael must dive underwater to free the propeller from a corpse which has become entangled with it .
10	the islands of pomègues and ratonneau are connected by a mole built in 1822 .
7	150 m ( 492 ft ) long mole or jetty of stones that is still visible at low tide ( ) , an alamat or navigational landmark made of heaped stones , a strange building of unknown function that is divided into 13 long rooms , and a series of 25 to 30 storage galleries carved into limestone outcrops further inland .
16	while negotiating , the ottoman commander ordered the angora to position itself near the harbor 's mole .
21	system details the initial connection across the bay to san francisco was by ferryboat via a causeway and pier ( '' mole '' ) , extending from the end of yerba buena avenue in oakland , california westward 16,000 feet ( 4,900 m ) to a ferry terminal near yerba buena island .
41	metres above the adriatic ( , , ) is the mean sea level datum used in austria and some other central and southeast europe countries to measure elevation referring to the average water level of the adriatic sea at the sartorio mole in trieste .
7	when the russians occupied trabzon , a mole was built .
11	this answers better to its present condition ; for though a mole was constructed in the 15th century with the materials of the ancient amphitheatre , and another subsequently by an englishman named john smith , it still affords but little protection for shipping .
25	the smaller breakwater was built as part of the preparations for the visit of the rms mauretania and is sometimes known as the '' mauretania mole '' .
34	in addition to houses , some of which are decorated with mosaics and wallpaintings , a number of public buildings have come to light , such as those in the agora and the harbor mole .
34	an estimated 1,000 flak guns of all calibres protected the base and adding complication to the danger was the realisation that gneisenau was only about 500 yd ( 460 m ) from a harbor mole , requiring extremely accurate torpedo drops .
8	where the two streets meet there is a mole used by local fishing boats ( and for car parking ) .
8	the torpedoes fired at the budapest struck the mole of the seaplane station , but wien was hit twice and capsized in five minutes , killing 46 of the crew .
5	the area adjacent to the mole is also a source of recreational and research opportunities , with dive sites at the wrecks of sunken ships .
9	map location : this beach is just inside the mole which shields the river entrance and the port area of portimão , and runs north to the forte de são joão do arade .
23	he participated in the famous raid on zeebrugge led by commodore roger keyes , cmbs being used to lay smoke screens outside the mole to cover the escape of the crews of the blockships .
15	it was not long before a shot from terrible hit a magazine on the imperial mole , which exploded causing great damage .
41	the inner harbor was begun in 1518 by khair-ad-din barbarossa ( see history , below ) , who , to accommodated his pirate vessels , caused the island on which was fort penon to be connected with the mainland by a mole .