16	the japanese gt models had various differences from the et , lt and st including the hood flutes , power windows , air conditioning , and specific gt trim , but shared a few things with the st -- a full-length center console and oil pressure/ammeter gauges while the lt had warning lights for these functions .
8	a common stereotype of an executioner is a hood medieval or absolutist executioner .
45	other long-distance outings of note included one man and his chauffeur covering 10,000 miles in the united states with no breakdowns , as well as a pathfinder 12 driven by walter weidely ( son of george weidely , the designer of the engine under the hood ) cross-country for a total of 4921 miles .
5	they may have an attached hood , and may cover and fasten down the front , in which case they have holes or slits for the hands to pass through .
15	'' dead end '' ( # 6 -- 10 , annual # 1 ) the hood 's crime organization grows at an alarming rate , eluding the authorities of new york city , most of the superhero population , and norman osborn and h.a.m.m.e.r. .
4	he later joined the hood 's gang , and attacks mister negative .
14	during the dark reign storyline , white rabbit appears as a member of the hood 's gang .
1	the hood of the reinastella was longer than that of the later nervastella and vivastella , but like those later models the reinastella was available in different trims : a closed sedan , berline , and town car .
18	mind-wave was later among the eighteen criminals , all murdered by the scourge , to be resurrected by hood using the power of dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
5	boris - an executioner 's hood .
15	the optional heater was poor and the shut-off valve was under the bonnet ( us hood ) .
10	secret invasion : the infiltration after the defeat of the hood 's criminal organization , echo remains on the team as doctor strange departs to the astral plane to heal himself , setting up base in a building owned by iron fist 's company but technically leased to samuel sterns for the year .
1	the hood seeks her out to find out more information about dormammu .
16	the wraith was later among the seventeen criminals murdered by the scourge who were resurrected by hood using the power of dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
11	according to kfor-tv and posts by reed on facebook , the hood was ripped off of the vehicle .
12	during the dark reign storyline , squid is seen assisting some of hood 's operatives in a raid ; he and man-fish go into the water to get to secure a valued ship .
2	honey lemon hood hoodwink hope hope ( esperanza ling ) is a fictional mutant in the marvel comics universe .
13	a person who looks like the original blackout appears as part of the hood 's alliance with super-powered heroes .
21	medusa has joined the group as well ( filling in for the presumably deceased black bolt ) after learning that the hood is targeting them for the infinity gems , seeking to reform the infinity gauntlet and regain the power he lost after the siege of asgard .
7	one of the women is wearing a hood over her head .
20	the graphics used were copied from the 1974 volkswagen of america decal kit , and the position on the front hood 53 was higher up .
4	boilersuits with an attached hood are available .
1	the hood sends grizzly to take out the punisher and anyone working with him .
1	pointed hood were used by various orders and catholic lay confraternities for processions , e.g. the semana santa of sevilla who wore the capirote .
21	again , the font of the 53 is different , and it is slightly bigger and lower down on the front hood .
10	a contemporary manuscript shows segar in the black gown and hood with liripipe of tudor court mourning worn with his herald 's tabard ( image , left ) .
8	the crusader attended a meeting organized by the hood to take advantage of the split in the superhero community caused by the superhuman registration act .
27	each year , a forzado was issued a doublet , one pair of breeches , stockings , two shirt , one pairs of shoe , and a hood .
8	human cannonball later appeared as a member of hood 's crime syndicate .
3	ringer later assisted hood into fighting counter force .
8	the mirage with its sportier appearance and tapered hood , featured elliptical headlamps with a very narrow single-port grille .
16	this was sometimes not the case however and certain kustoms packed some serious punch under the hood .
38	many aspects of the vehicle appearance may suffer in the term of everyday use and result in any of the following damages : stained or otherwise used upholstery , scratched bumpers , dings on the doors , chipped hood , dented quarter panel .
2	hat , hood , and other headdress assumed increasing importance , and were swagged , draped , jewelled , and feather .
17	traditional inuit anorak traditional caribou parka a parka or anorak is a type of coat with a hood , often lined with fur or faux fur .
10	only in the tudor period ( 1485 ) , when hood became increasingly popular , did veils of this type become less common .
5	the long flat bonnet ( hood ) with central indentation , the large front overhang , the wedge shape with prominent c pillar roll-over hoop and the car-length indented plimsoll-line all made the successful transition to the x1/9 , giving it a highly distinctive appearance .
2	although the hood managed to collect the gems of power and reality in time to defeat the formidable red hulk , his subsequent attempts to acquire the others resulted in the red hulk stealing the power gem from him while thor beat him to the space gem , although he was able to acquire the mind and time gems .
59	history the colt galant gto exterior was penned by hiroaki kamisago , who had previously been sent by mitsubishi to study at the art center college of design , then located in los angeles , california , incorporating a number of stylistic cues from contemporary american muscle cars like the mustang , firebird and cougar , including a long hood , raised cut-off ducktail rear , and rounded quad-headlamps and tail-lamps .
10	it was also made from crude parts and without a hood for easy service access .
7	the area termed capucha ( literally '' hood '' ) took up the right-hand side of the attic .
1	white hood with eye holes .
6	dick is instructed to remove a hood from a fourth figure , fox , followed by his gag , blindfold and earplug .
19	further improvements followed : the engine moved to the front on the type 48 and was soon under a hood ( bonnet ) at the front of the car , instead of hidden underneath ; the steering wheel was adopted on the type 36 ; and they began to look more like the modern car .
14	following the siege storyline , madame masque sought out her father to help the hood after loki took back the norn stones .
17	the comet featured a new grille , taillight borrowed from the mercury montego , trim , and hood .
4	it sometimes includes a hood .
18	letha was later among the seventeen criminals , all murdered by the scourge , to be resurrected by hood using the power of dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
36	the celestines wore a white wool cassock bound with a linen band , and a leather girdle of the same color , with a scapular unattached to the body of the dress , and a black hood .
4	the logo on the hood featured the lamborghini bull inside the chrysler pentastar .
10	in some sauna suits , the jacket also includes a hood to provide additional retention of body heat .
10	in the most common form the headgear resembles a close-fitting hood worn over the back of the head .
9	later she was shot and severely beaten by the hood in her home in retaliation for having beaten jigsaw , a member of his fledgling super-criminal organization .
11	common requirements for automobiles include structure ( examples : windsheld and hood ) and safety equipment ( examples : headlamp and bumpers ) .
12	the model '' b '' had two bucket seat , a longer hood and was geared higher to attain faster speeds .
5	a distinctive feature is a hood which could cover nearly all the face , with a cut for the eyes and possibly for the mouth , which may be folded back .
27	merci is a czech company based in slatina , brno selling and manufacturing laboratory equipment , devices , and many other things used in laboratories , like hood , glassware , or chemicals .
5	this coat has a regular hood .
30	it is expected that the toyota and subaru versions will be styled similarly on the outside , with the subaru version getting different head and tail lights and a different hood .
32	the prototype car was se492 chassis number 638 , which was modified to add bracing to withstand the extra power and weight of the four-stroke engine , a taller bonnet ( us hood ) with large grille to accommodate the engine , and unfaired headlight .
3	he battles the hood .
29	attach or detach a separable part of the garment to or from another , as in the conversion between trousers and shorts or the connection or disconnection of a hood and a coat .
14	in dark reign crossover , he is one among many supervillains who joined the hood 's crime syndicate .
22	the basic garments for women consisted of the smock , hose , kirtle , gown , surcoat , girdle , cape , hood , and bonnet .
29	while liz rides one of the horses around the track , nick , ignoring liz , is attracted to fran and her sports car , even checking under the hood .
20	sulley , trying to be helpful but confused by the massive amount of buttons on the dashboard , pops the hood open .
24	naza r & d improved upon the base design and engineered a right-hand drive conversion , and also enhanced the front end , updating hood ( with power bulge ) , headlights and bumper .
12	the body shell of the na was all-steel with a light-weight aluminium hood .
18	turner d. century later appears among the eighteen criminals , all murdered by the scourge , at the hood 's meeting of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
19	design the neckline is the highest line of the top , and may be as high as a head-covering hood , or as low as the waist or bottom hem of the top .
7	the surviving blood brother later joins the hood and his criminal empire , and helps fight the alien shape-shifting race the skrulls during the skrull invasion of earth .
12	during the siege storyine , centurious appeared as a member of the hood 's crime syndicate .