6	breaking from the format established by square of displaying the damage incurred by characters above their heads , this information is summarised in a text display at the bottom of the screen similar to dragon quest games from enix .
24	the first dragon slayer title was an early action role-playing game , released in 1984 for the nec pc-88 computer system and ported by square for the msx .
22	chrono trigger : crimson echoes is a non-profit fangame project developed by the international team kajar laboratories as a rom hack of square 's role-playing video game chrono trigger for the super nintendo entertainment system .
4	after the merger between square and enix in 2003 , many rookie staff members had to be trained and there were more new platforms to develop for with the release of the nintendo ds and playstation portable .
12	in 1998 , while still working for capcom , mizuta applied to square as a composer in response to an advertisement and was hired .
24	she voiced yuffie kisaragi in the english version of the movie final fantasy vii advent children , as well as in the disney / square game kingdom hearts .
32	sword of mana was produced by series creator koichi ishii , directed by takeo oin , and largely developed by employees of brownie brown who had previously worked on the series for square .
0	square 's 1999 best-selling role-playing video game final fantasy viii deals with an elite group of mercenaries called '' seed '' , as well as soldiers , rebels , and political leaders of various nations and cities .
3	in 1986 , square released the science fiction adventure game suishō no dragon for the nes console .
6	gamespot once again compared grandia to square 's popular final fantasy series , calling it '' every bit as worthwhile as final fantasy viii , just in different ways , '' calling attention to its sound quality that is '' as complete and detailed as it visuals '' , but finding fault in the game 's translation and voice work that was declared '' inexcusable by today 's standards .
4	for example , a square is fat because its length and width are identical .
13	, or ( 5 squared ) , can be shown graphically using a square .
4	and they made it square !
15	: shinken green 's bear origami that forms the right leg , normally in its square shaped emblem form .
10	they are known for manufacturing drill bits which can drill square holes , including blind hole which can not be made with other methods such as broaching .
25	on the bottom part of the screen is a small keyboard , on which there are some shapes ( triangle , circle , diamond , square , etc. ) .
8	for instance , consider the following : a square : a quadrilateral that has interior angles which are all right angles , and that has bounding sides which all have the same length .
13	special cases examples of equidiagonal quadrilaterals include the isosceles trapezoid , rectangle and square .
24	having studied many photographs , paintings and etchings , he discovered that details of interest were often placed precisely on the diagonals of a square , instead of any '' strong points '' that the rule of thirds or the photographic adaptation of the golden ratio suggests .
16	for the basketball term boxing out see rebound ( basketball ) a boxout is an approximately square - shaped design element that contains text or graphics separate from the main body of text or graphics on the page .
12	in 1995 , less than a year after his death , the square in front of the frankenstadion , home of the 1 .
17	) they are also common in meetings with friends , especially those taking place in park , square , beach or along the coastline in ramblas ( an avenue bordering the coast with pedestrian areas on each side ) such as the ones in montevideo .
18	the pete initially developed as a pedestrian precinct with the public spaces evolving with bazaar streets , temple square , lakes and maidans ( open grounds ) .
5	the title refers to a square on moscow 's boulevard ring near which the film 's main characters reside .
9	at the center of the village is a large square known as the ` borough ' around which are grouped picturesque cottage and a public house , the phelips arms ; there is a second public house and hotel situated in the village , called the king 's arms .
18	it was commissioned in 1936 but brought to poland in 1991 monopol hotel katowice rondo , the large square / roundabout , reconstructed recently , with the semi-circular galeria rondo sztuki in the center .
11	norrmalmstorg in the 1900s norrmalmstorg in july 2006 norrmalmstorg is a square in central stockholm , sweden .
36	in the ancient era , it was one of the most important cities of the paeligni and is known for being the native town of ovid , of whom there is a bronze statue in the square known as piazza xx settembre located on the town 's main road also under his name .
22	plaza degetau , formally plaza federico degetau , is the larger of two plaza at plaza las delicias , the main city square in the city of ponce , puerto rico .
7	olof-palme-platz in berlin olof-palme-platz is a small square in central berlin next to berlin zoo , since 1991 named after the murdered swedish prime minister olof palme .
3	the only nontrivial square fibonacci number is 144 .
1	a square has even multiplicity for all prime factors ( it is of the form a 2 for some a ) .
20	example consider g = -lcb- 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10 -rcb- , and m = -lcb- composite , even , odd , prime , square -rcb- .
13	in number theory , the sum of the first n cube is the square of the n th triangular number .
16	he also proved that the area of a circle was equal to π multiplied by the square of the radius of the circle ( πr 2 ) .
18	the circulation around a closed curve c is the line integral : the dimension of circulation are length square , divided by time ; l 2 ⋅ t − 1 , which is equivalent to velocity times length .
5	a semiprime is either a square of a prime or square-free .
12	the only number which has 12 as its aliquot sum is the square 121 .
7	east valley school district encompasses approximately 100 square miles , extending from butler road east to the idaho border and from the spokane river north to the foothills of mount spokane .
18	in mathematics an automorphic number ( sometimes referred to as a circular number ) is a number whose square '' ends '' in the same digits as the number itself .