15	the west african bankers ' association ( waba ; ) is a professional association of bank and financial services and institutions in west africa .
14	he was assigned to the standing committee on agriculture and manufactures , and on bank and banking .
32	hôtel de salm hôtel de salm interior court the palais de la légion d'honneur ( french for '' palace of the legion of honour '' ) is a building on the left bank of the river seine in paris .
24	the first level of djim screening removes companies involved in such products alcohol , pork - related products , conventional financial services ( e.g. bank and insurance companies ) , entertainment ( e.g. hotel , casino , gambling etc. ) , tobacco , and weapon and defense .
37	the tapiola center has a large selection of services : department store ( stockmann ) , book store ( akateeminen kirjakauppa ) , groceries ( k-supermarket , stockmann herkku ) , alko , a post office , bank ( nordea , sampo , actia , osuuspankki , ålandsbanken , handelsbanken , nooa säästöpankki and suurpohjan osuuspankki ) , photography stores , barber 's shops , and other small businesses .
4	koçbank was a turkish bank .
1	the bank is highly regarded internationally , and has received a number of awards , from organizations such as the banker , global finance , the asian banker and euromoney .
12	expressnet is an interbank network connecting the atm networks of seven major bank in the philippines .
12	indymac , a contraction of independent national mortgage corporation was an american bank based in california that failed in 2008 and was seized by the united states federal deposit insurance corporation ( fdic ) .
37	, uba uganda 's total assets were valued at about us$ 50 million ( ugx : 122 billion ) , with shareholders ' equity of about us$ 17.1 million ( ngn : 2.72 billion ) history the bank commenced operations in may 2008 , starting with the opening of the main branch on jinja road , in kampala , uganda 's capital and largest city .
19	organic matter can also enter the lotic system already in the fpom stage by wind , surface runoff , bank erosion , or groundwater .
11	riparian plants , such as populus fremontii , flank the creek bank .
18	the suffix over - in the street names derives from the german word ufer , meaning shore or bank .
7	the kimitsu works sits on the north bank of the koito river where it empties in tokyo bay .
12	fučkovci ( ) is a settlement on the terrace above the left bank of the kolpa river in the municipality of črnomelj in the white carniola area of southeastern slovenia , next to the border with croatia .
23	left-bank ukraine left-bank ukraine ( ; ; ) is a historic name of the part of ukraine on the left ( east ) bank of the dnieper river , comprising the modern-day oblast of chernihiv , poltava and sumy as well as the eastern parts of kiev and cherkasy .
27	in 1799 , however , berbice governor abraham jacob van imbijze van batenburg and suriname governor jurriaan françois de friderici signed an agreement in which the western bank of the courantyne river was demarcated as the boundary .
35	'' however , the quality of the waves changes seasonally and from year to year , as the sand and stones that make up the beach are chronically withdrawn by the sea to form a bank where the waves break .
34	the day of the press conference , john walsh stated that at the river either the men threw her into the water , or chiang attempted to escape but slipped on the icy river bank and drowned .
7	tarbell built his studio perched on the bank of the piscataqua river , ambling there each morning along gardens of peonies , iris and hollyhock .