14	the technical committee was chaired by two microsoft employees and included members drawn from apple , canon , intel , nextpage , novell , pioneer , statoil asa , toshiba , the united states library of congress , the british library and the gnome foundation .
24	after the nes version , the game was subsequently released for atari st and msx in 1987 , and amiga , dos , and apple in 1989 .
6	macintosh rom files are owned by apple and can not be legally distributed .
5	common fruit bouquet items include apple , artichoke , avocado , banana , cheese , grape , lychee , mango , orange , papaya , pineapple , pomegranate , strawberries , and chocolate .
32	in a court case accusing microsoft of being a monopoly , linux and open source software was introduced in court to prove that microsoft had valid competitors and was grouped in with apple .
12	proview holds the '' ipad '' trademark for china and has sued apple for us$ 1.6 billion in damages .
2	he loves apple and is allergic to cherries .
12	archy in large part builds on raskin 's earlier work with the apple macintosh , canon cat , swyftware , and ken perlin 's pad zui system .
14	neofabraea malicorticis is a plant pathogen that causes bull 's - eye rot on apple and pear .
5	later desktop computers built by apple and ibm would also offer a simpler and more popular architecture to run lisp applications on .
23	as well as offering music technology courses at undergraduate and postgraduate level , lcm is an official native instruments training center and offers apple certified logic , pro tools and ableton live training courses .
17	promotional singles prior to the release of the album , three promotional singles were released exclusively on apple 's itunes store .
4	certifications supported include : apple , cedia , cisco , comptia , dell , hp , microsoft , novell and samsung .
34	origins the clafoutis comes from the limousin region of france , and while black cherries are traditional , there are numerous variations using other fruits , including red cherries , plum , prune , apple , pear , cranberries or blackberries .
6	the newer models include support for apple 's time machine backup software .
3	formative pruning of apple ( malus pumila ) and pear ( pyrus communis ) trees should be carried out in the dormant winter months .
2	crops include apple , pear , strawberries , grape for wine .
31	habitat the species feed on trees such as : alder ash beech birch blackthorn clematis mayweed tuft mistletoe oak poplar sallow sycamore sea-buckthorn willow they also feed on fruits such as apple , bramble , horse chestnut , lime , plum , sweet chestnut .
3	an application for apple 's ios ( ios 4.3 or later ) operating system and either the ipad ( 1st generation or later ) , iphone ( 3gs or later ) and ipod touch ( 3rd generation or later ) , was launched on 22 december 2011 .
31	common rust fungi in agriculture puccinia sorghi causes common rust in corn gymnosporangium juniperi-virginianae ( cedar-apple rust ) ; the juniperus virginiana is the primary ( telial ) host and the apple , pear or hawthorn is the secondary ( aecial ) host .
8	the company 's most profitable products on the apple 's app store and include '' chop chop ninja '' , '' chop chop runner '' , '' chop chop tennis '' and '' chop chop caveman '' .
2	somrtimescalled ' apple 's sparkling wine ' .
0	apple has come under some criticism for not supporting the older .
7	this case uses magnets , similar to apple 's smart cover .
23	on november 2 , 2010 , wolo became the first television station in columbia to stream live newscasts and breaking news coverage on apple ios devices .
46	the entrepreneurs featured in something ventured are gordon moore ( co-founder of intel ) , jimmy treybig ( founder of tandem ) , nolan bushnell ( founder of atari ) , dr. herbert boyer ( co-founder of genentech ) , mike markkula ( second president/ceo of apple ) , sandy lerner ( co-founder of cisco ) , john morgridge ( early ceo of cisco ) , and robert campbell ( founder of what would become powerpoint ) .
11	mobile in april 2013 , udemy was first offered as an apple ios app , allowing students to take classes directly from smartphones ; the android version was launched in january 2014 .
28	wine writers joe bastianich and david lynch describe bombino bianco as tending to produce light-bodied wines with soft fruit flavors that can have notes of wild flowers and apple .
3	in 2009 , apple rejected a proposal for a nine inch nails iphone application , citing objectionable content in the downward spiral .
27	this approach has been utilised by both operators and device manufacturers , for example i-mode ( ntt docomo ) , blackberry ( rim ) and iphone ( apple ) .
12	it was also played live at the steve jobs memorial/celebration-of-life event at apple headquarters on 19 october 2011 in cupertino , california , and at the opening of the mtv european music awards in belfast , northern ireland on 6 november 2011 .
31	four of its patents , now owned by allen 's interval licensing llc , are the subject of a patent infringement lawsuit interval licensing filed in august 2010 against aol , apple , ebay , facebook , google , netflix , office depot , officemax , staples , yahoo! , and youtube ( but not microsoft ) : : '' attention manager for occupying the peripheral attention of a person in the vicinity of a display device '' .
18	also it is a district that has a lot of valley of fruit like chirimoya , avocado , apple , tumbo , and other fruits .
13	from 1987 to 1991 , he worked in the business development group at apple .
26	battery production and distribution joint-venture coda has a global joint-venture with lishen power battery , a global battery cell supplier to samsung , motorola , and apple , for the design , manufacture , and sale of battery systems called lio energy systems .
5	chelmsford wonder is a cooking apple cultivar raised at chelmsford c1870 and introduced by local nurseryman william saltmarsh in 1892 .
16	the larvae feed on various trees and shrubs with a preference for rosaceous plants , particularly apple ( malus domestica ) and pear ( prunus pyrifolia ) .
10	amazing animation was a program published by claris for the apple macintosh in 1994 .
18	iphoto can not be purchased separately , but is part of the ilife suite which is available from apple for 10.49 gbp .
13	he has made keynote addresses at the united nations , , google , apple , ucla and the hammer museum .
6	some farms offer pick-your-own peach , apple , and pumpkin .
30	following models from 1967 and 70 research claussen-finks made analytical research on trade fair impact and brand relation based on individual video interviews for ibm , daimler , bmw , apple , siemens , nixdorf , sun microsystems , sony , deutsche telekom and others .
23	produced by tunnelsoft , a division of babendererde engineers , this software is available as a lan or web application or on an apple or android smartphone or tablet .
10	another revamped sequel , rally-x rumble , was released on apple 's ios platform on august 17 , 2011 .
11	it has been described as '' a wink and nod to apple 's ipod and iphone '' , while former ad age writer matt carmichael notes that the lowercase '' i '' in igeneration '' leaves room for interpretation '' and '' could be any number of things : it could be for interactive , it could be for international , it could be for something we have n't thought of yet .
31	also new ( but available for the original model via software update ) was the ability to connect to and share america online 's dial-up service -- a feature unique to apple base stations .
16	proxi is similar to other mac os x applications such as quicksilver , butler , and apple 's own automator .
15	sony 's xdcam mxf is supported by adobe after effects , adobe premiere pro , apple final cut pro via xdcam transfer , autodesk smoke , avid , dalet , harris , omneon , quantel , rhozet , sony vegas pro , sorenson squeeze telestream flipfactory , grassvalley edius , and grass valley k2 .
7	introduced in 1999 , it preceded the apple ipod and similar players .
2	this included apple , grape , maple and vinegar products that were sold to the public in a store in south amherst .
10	others copied the products of some famous corporations such as apple , hyatt and starbucks .
8	in some color printers , such as the apple imagewriter ii , the printer moved the ribbon relative to the fixed print head assembly .
33	in january , 2012 the focus changed to economic development projects and the organization was rebranded as aythos , inc. projects in 2012 aythos was asked to consult for a grant to develop apple tree and kiwifruit plant farms in villages in helambu .
2	disney and apple are not members .
4	thunderbolt was co-developed by apple and intel .
32	) violet lathyrus tuberosus violet wild cress -- nasturtium officinalis '' biolair '' bitter vetch -- lathyrus tuberosus -- cairmeal bilberries fixed with alum yellow -- buidhe achlasan chaluim cille rhubarb yellow apple - tree , ash and buckthorn poplar and elm bog myrtle , roid ash roots teazle -- dipsacus fullonum -- lùs-an-fhùcadair / leadan bracken roots -- raineach mhòr cow weed tops and flowers of heather , erica , fraoch wild mignonette , reseda luteola , '' lus buidhe mòr '' , dried , reduced to powder and boiled .
32	in contrast , the '' enter '' key is commonly labeled with its name in plain text on generic pc keyboards , or with the symbol ( u +2324 ) on many apple mac keyboards .
8	in february 1999 , dvcreators.net was contacted by apple to help launch their professional video application division .
9	organizations such as at&t , coca-cola , starbucks , apple , and harley-davidson all participate in marketing development and distribution of their marketing concepts .
31	it currently contains about 1,000 plants representing 30 genera , primarily those indigenous to dordogne , including oak , maple , dogwood , magnolia , willow , and old varieties of apple , as well as deutzia , hibiscus , hydrangea , and peony .
4	notable examples include : apple ( malus domestica ) .
3	later bought by apple and distributed for free , at least in part to settle a class-action lawsuit brought by customers who demanded to know why their 32-bit 68020 microprocessors could not access more than 8 megabytes of ram .
17	steve capps is an american computer programmer , who was one of the designers of the original apple macintosh computer .
19	fragments of other tree species including holly , willow , poplar , dogwood , ivy , birch , and apple have also been found .
14	the corporations jetta has analyzed include family dollar , dollar tree , walmart , apple , kmart , jcpenney , and sears .
5	in early february 2006 , apple confirmed reports of video display problems on the new intel-based imacs .
38	gymnosporangium is a genus of heteroecious plant-pathogenic fungi which alternately infect members of the family cupressaceae , primarily species in the genus juniperus ( juniper ) , and members of the family rosaceae in the subfamily maloideae ( apple , pear , quince , shadbush , hawthorns , rowan and their relatives ) .
25	super ox wars is an arcade vertical-scrolling shooter game for ios devices developed by jeff minter and ivan zorzin of llamasoft and published via the apple app store .
5	steve wozniak , co-founder of apple , kevin mitnick , akira yamaoka , ben hammersley and wikimedia foundation 's head of business partnerships kul wadhwa spoke at the event .
10	the hp eprint apps are free and include versions for apple iphones and android devices .
12	history pulse icon pulse was originally released in may 2010 for the apple ipad .
2	pear , apple , apricot , quince , plum , nectarine , cherries , mulberries , and peach were commonly seen in the 20th century .
21	hardware since version 3.13 rockbox enables opus playback on supported portable media players , including products from the ipod series by apple , devices made by iriver , archos and sandisk , and on android devices using '' rockbox as an application '' ( raaa ) .
8	the province produces almost 70 % of the apple and pear of the country , most it for exportation with 38 % of it as fresh fruit and 40 % as juice concentrate , through the port of san antonio oeste .
29	in that role he oversaw digital music strategy , including new media projects and strategic relationships with mobile phone companies , music download / streaming partners ( such as apple , rhapsody , spotify , myspace music , pandora and others ) and social media networks .
35	in klayman ii , the plaintiffs sued the same government defendants and in addition , facebook , yahoo! , google , microsoft , youtube , aol , paltalk , skype , sprint , at&t , apple again alleging the bulk metadata collection violates the first , fourth and fifth amendment and constitutes divulgence of communication records in violation of section 2702 of stored communications act .
8	' sekai ichi ' is a cultivar of apple first released from japan in 1974 .
4	morels growing in old apple orchard that had been treated with the insecticide lead arsenate may accumulate levels of toxic lead and arsenic that are unhealthy for human consumption .
2	on an apple macintosh , the diameter symbol can be entered via the character palette ( this is opened by pressing in most applications ) , where it can be found in the technical symbols category .
16	the original bubble-gum flavor was discontinued for many years in the united kingdom , with only apple , strawberry , and cola flavors available .
40	as of april 2011 , enlace is one of nine channels that are featured with live real-time webcasts on the tbn mobile app , developed by trinet internet solutions , inc. , and available for free on itunes for the apple ipad , iphone and ipod touch .
13	arbitrary marks include preexisting words used in an arbitrary way , such as apple when used for computers .
7	when the ipod photo was first announced apple claimed that the device featured a '' new myriad typeface , '' stating ... now in living color , it 's easier to read than ever .
16	products using the internet printing protocol include , among others , cups which is part of apple mac os x and many bsd and linux distributions and is the reference implementation for ipp/2 .0 and ipp/2 .1 , novell iprint , and microsoft windows , starting with ms windows 2000 .
57	its wines are made from a variety of fruits including : ; grape wines baco noir cabernet franc cabernet sauvignon catawba chambourcin , chardonnay colombard concord de chaunac landot noir merlot muscat blanc niagara noah petit verdot pinot gris pinot noir riesling rkatsiteli sangiovese seyval blanc syrah vidal blanc villard blanc villard noir ; non-grape wines almond apple blackberry blueberry cherry cranberry pomegranate raspberry tomasello was a participant at the judgment of princeton , a wine tasting organized by the american association of wine economists that compared new jersey wines to premium french vintages .
32	in 1980 , motorola 's next generation 32-bit microprocessor , the mc68000 , led the wave of technologies that spurred the computing revolution in 1984 , powering devices from companies such as apple , commodore , atari , sun , and hewlett packard .
7	at the same time , nut , apple , mulberries , corn and clover became sources of revenue .
18	the jellies are manufactured in circular , half-moon , teardrop and diamond shapes and are flavored lemon , apple , strawberry , orange , blackcurrant and pear .
21	in 2009 , psfk created a list of the top 10 most '' inspirational brands , '' which included google , apple , zipcar , and other major consumer companies .
49	easter breakfast a typical easter breakfast often consists of cold-cuts served with horseradish sauce and beet salads , breads , bigos , żurek , kiełbasa , smoked salmon or herring , marinated vegetable salads , easter salad ( chopped boiled eggs , green peas , cwikła , carrot , apple , potato , parsley and mayonnaise ) coffee , tea and cakes , i.e. chocolate cake , makowiec , mazurek , sernik , etc. regional cuisine poland has a number of unique regional cuisines with regional differences in preparations and ingredients .
9	this partnership was similar to content deals announced by apple and microsoft .
17	it features the single '' new soul '' , which gained widespread popularity after being featured in apple 's macbook air video advertisement .
32	students ranked in the school 's top 1 % occasionally get a class period ( work experience ) that permits them to leave school early and go to local businesses such as apple , safeway , and the habit to work in $ 25-an-hour internships .
13	abc and nielsen partnered in 2011 to create a grey anatomy application for apple 's ipad .
9	the company is probably referring to figures released by apple in 2012 , when celebrating the 25th billion app download .
2	these include apple , oranges , plum , banana , etc. .
22	goatup is an arcade platform game for ios devices developed by jeff minter and ivan zorzin of llamasoft and published via the apple app store .
6	he also developed a friendship with apple 's steve jobs and produced the black turtlenecks which would become a part of jobs ' signature attire .
8	partnerships starbucks has agreed to a partnership with apple to collaborate on selling music as part of the '' coffeehouse experience '' .
1	on apple 's systems , and on a handful of other laptops , there are also thunderbolt ports .
11	bon ` app is an open platform that includes applications for apple mobile devices , android phones , and a website .
22	high profile exits include those of zyb to vodafone europe bv in may 2008 for $ 50 million and polar rose to apple in september 2010 for a mooted $ 22 million .
18	xcode is an integrated development environment ( ide ) containing a suite of software development tools developed by apple for developing software for os x and ios .
26	today , more and more values are resting on media that are not owned by the data owner but by service provider ( e.g. google , apple , microsoft etc. ) .
27	while meat was the main component of the upper-class diet , they occasionally took vegetables such as turnip , carrot , and radish and fruit such as apple , plum , and woodland strawberries .
57	the garden contains eleven botanical and horticultural collections : annual/perennial garden - annuals and perennials dahlia garden ( 1987 ) - dahlia groundcover collection - bugleflower , euonymus , hypericum , ivy , juniper , liriope , ophiopogon , thrift , vinca , etc. heritage garden - plants of historic and social interest to georgia , including apple , pear , and peach , cotton , peanut , and tobacco .
13	in the eastern us , the gypsy moth prefers oaks , aspen , apple , sweetgum , speckled alder , basswood , gray , paper birch , poplar , willow , and hawthorns , amongst other species .
28	in december 2009 , rovio released angry birds , its 52nd game , a slingshot-puzzle game for the iphone , where it reached no. 1 spot in the apple app store chart after six months , and remained charted for months after .
6	monroeville also makes fruit wine from apple , blueberries , cranberries , nectarine , peach , strawberries .
13	core storage is a volume manager for os x that was introduced by apple to os x lion .
21	steve jobs ( february 24 , 1955 -- october 5 , 2011 ) , was the co-founder and former ceo of apple , the largest disney shareholder , and a member of disney 's board of directors .
7	nothing real was acquired in 2002 by apple .
8	tartu rose tartu rose ( ) is an apple cultivar from estonia .
10	zoomsystems has partnered with companies such as best buy , apple , macy's , proactiv solution , procter & gamble and max wellness .
6	rambo is the name of two apple varieties .
23	in march 2007 , the caldav specification was finished and published by the ietf as rfc 4791 , authored by cyrus daboo ( apple ) , bernard desruissaux ( oracle ) , and lisa dusseault ( commercenet ) .
8	the king byerd is a cornish cultivar of apple .
24	other industries included gristmill , blacksmith shops , a tannery , a pants factory and shoe shop , a cider mill and cannery for apple , a barrel factory , a shingle mill and a woolen carding mill .
27	economy the province is characterized by a thriving agriculture , particularly the cultivation of wheat , maize , rice and sugar beet as well as grape , apple , pear , peach , tomato and vegetable .
24	a commoner and more benign constituent of desfontainia , present in considerable quantity , is the pentacyclic triterpene acid ursolic acid , in which apple peel is particularly rich .
28	the back cover states : '' magical characters and strange devices -- a swedish genie , a young african girl for whom the sun means disaster , an apple which rolls across a silver dish to reveal the whole world -- wait to be discovered in this collection of folk and fairy tales from many lands .
9	after college , cirne held senior technical positions at apple and hummingbird communications .
2	other devices apple 's ipad : supports aac and fairplay protected aac files used as the default encoding format in the itunes store .
18	nichicon received particular infamy because of their use by major computer manufacturers including dell , hewlett-packard , and apple .
24	history wifi explorer began as a desktop alternative to wifi analyzer , an iphone app for wireless network scanning that was pulled out from apple 's app store in march , 2010 due to the use of private frameworks .
17	history z-maestro development began in 2006 in an attempt to introduce a product that could compete with apple garageband for ease of use and professional products like fl studio and logic pro for features .
13	pruno , or prison wine , is an alcohol beverage variously made from apple , orange , fruit cocktail , candy , ketchup , sugar , milk , and possibly other ingredients , including crumbled bread .
9	created notes are synced through all the user 's apple devices through the icloud service .
15	computer lettering the evolution of desktop publishing powered by computers , especially those made by apple , began in the 1980s , and started having a gradual impact on comics lettering soon after .
12	the song gained popularity in the united states following its use by apple in an advertisement for their macbook air laptop .
20	this unique characteristic of asexual reproduction helped to develop a number of cultivars of fruits and vegetables including grape , apple , pear and peach .
25	grainge has been influential in universal music group 's international digital expansion by pioneering distribution models with a wide range of technology partners , including apple , spotify , bskyb , rdio , virgin media , vodafone and 19 entertainment .
5	on 28 april 2008 , apple announced an updated imac line featuring an 8800 gs .
9	'' malling series '' is the name of famous apple rootstock .
3	swayze created the apple known as the swayze pomme gris .
5	the area was spotted with apple orchard throughout much of the 1800s .
8	plum , apricot , pomegranate , pear , apple , grape , and fig , along with many kinds of citrus are the most frequently used fruit , either fresh or dried , in turkish cuisine .
18	the hickory area is additionally marketed as a data-center corridor and is home to large data-centers operated by apple and google .
24	more than sixty corporations and foundations , including coca-cola , wendy's , kraft foods , mcdonald's , amazon.com , coca-cola , general electric , apple , procter & gamble , walmart , the bill & melinda gates foundation , and the medical insurance group blue cross and blue shield dropped support of alec in the ensuing weeks or let their memberships lapse .
15	on august 24 , 2012 , nine american jurors ruled that samsung had to pay apple $ 1.05 billion in damages for violating six of its patents on smartphone technology .
0	apple and bunches of grape occur very frequently , other fruits less so .
9	emoji characters softbank encoding this encoding was used in apple 's ios prior to version 5 .
29	at 14 , he was also the managing director of his own web design firm , had created six apps , and was a delegate to attend the 2012 apple conference .
18	alcatel ot-908s ot-918s ot-981a ot-990s ot-991 ot-995 one touch fierce one touch scribe x one touch scribe hd-lte apple iphone 5 , model a1428 manufactured after april 12 , 2013 iphone 5c , models a1436 and a1532 iphone 5s , models a1453 and a1533 ipad air , model a1475 ipad mini with retina display , model a1490 asus google nexus 7 padfone 2 google nexus 7 ( 2013 ) fonepad 7 blackberry q5 ( only sqr100-1 ) q10 ( only sqn100-5 ) z10 ( only stl-100-3 ( rfk121lw ) ) bold 9700 bold 9780 bold 9790 bold 9900 curve 9300 curve 9320 curve 9360 curve 9380 pearl 9100 torch 9810 torch 9860 many of the above listed blackberry devices have multiple versions , only one of each being aws compatible .
15	esther balogh spoke on paprika , bruce kraig on hot dog and joan morgan on apple , soon to be the subject of her definitive the book of apples ( 1993 ) .
18	handheld devices in september 2009 , hastings expressed his desire to expand his company 's video-streaming service to apple 's iphone and ipod touch mobile devices , once the xbox 360 exclusivity deal expired .
16	technology industry pittsburgh has established itself as a technology hub with such companies as google , apple , intel and rand establishing campuses in the city .
11	totaling , it is southington 's largest farm and the largest apple - grower in the state , selling wholesale to local stores and retail at its farmers ' market .
7	symbolic foods rosh hashanah meals usually include apple and honey , to symbolize a sweet new year .
8	the school has recently announced the shift to apple products for the 2014-2015 school year .
4	notable merchants companies like apple , target , barnes & noble , qdoba , fuddruckers , walmart , reebok , sephora , the north face , toshiba , puma , drugstore.com , adidas and pacsun offer student discounts via edhance .
10	the prize-winners include companies such as siemens in 1995 , apple in 2001 , bmw in 2007 , the bose design center in 2008 , porsche in 2012 , lenovo in 2013 and veryday ( 2014 ) .
11	some variations of this dish include a layer of fresh grated apple and some do n't .
28	in this leg 's roadblock , one team member had to '' relive '' the story of swiss hero william tell by using a crossbow to shoot an apple off a mannequin 's head .
22	supported languages international versions according to sources from brazilian site techguru , nuance communications has delivered the final version in portuguese to apple .
0	apple ios 7 , released on september 18 , 2013 is the first large scale commercial deployment of multipath tcp .
16	in the past , m. sylvestris was thought to be an important ancestor of the cultivated apple ( m. domestica ) , but these have now been shown to have been originally derived from the central asian species m. sieversii .
39	according to the food and agriculture organisation ( fao ) , iran ranks amongst the top 7 countries in producing 22 important agricultural products : it ranks first in pistachio production , second in date production and fourth in apple production worldwide .
19	reports indicated that the device was to have a focus on unique functionality in an effort to compete against apple and fellow android vendor samsung , and that the company had experimented with curved screens and ceramics as possible hardware aspects .
5	as a prominent writer on apple - and mac - related topics , kahney was once theorized ( incorrectly ) to be the identity of fake steve jobs .
23	in december 2005 , good previewed a demo called '' black helicopter '' , which he recorded at home using garageband on an apple power mac g5 .
8	touch pets : dogs was a game for apple 's iphone .
14	in iran , the word used is سیب ( saib ) , meaning '' apple .
16	in culture waldorf salad the classic waldorf salad the waldorf salad -- a salad made with apple , walnut , celery , grapes , and mayonnaise or a mayonnaise-based dressing -- was first created in 1896 at the waldorf in new york city .
8	wagonhouse also makes fruit wine from almond , apple , blueberries , cranberries , mango , peach , pomegranate , and strawberries .
12	bill atkinson -- designer of much of the graphic subsystem for the apple macintosh and creator of hypercard and macpaint .
13	in 2004 , microsoft created an msn music download store to compete with apple 's itunes music store , though its sales in comparison were negligible .
36	finally , arkansas 's cuisine is integral to her culture with such foods as barbecue , traditional country cooking , fried catfish and chicken , wild duck , rice , purple hull peas , okra , apple , tomato and grits being part of the people of arkansas 's diet and economy .
20	the website is only open to students and leverages discounts offered through partners such as percentage savings at sites like apple , microsoft , best buy , and groupon .
6	it runs in black-and-white on the apple macintosh line of computers .
15	tony fadell ( coe : bse compe 1991 ) -- '' father '' of the apple ipod .
6	several witnesses reported that hundreds of apple seemingly fell out of the sky landing on the ground , and several cars , below .
42	testing centers prometic testing center in march 2008 an agreement between the institute and prometric company was signed , these agreement give the institute the right to start his own testing center that provides all microsoft exams as well as sun and apple .
10	it is very common in the autumn , feeding on apple trees in gardens , and on willow bushes in hedges .
0	apple used a number of c t controllers in their powerbook line .
27	notable examples include : linkedin : the serious network 6 reasons why apis are reshaping your business facebook : the perfect startup amazon.com : the hidden empire apple : 8 easy steps to beat microsoft ( and google ) why could google die ... maybe not now , but tomorrow excubation the company operates with a startup mindset , launching prototypes with lean budgets and skeleton crews , and later expanding resources to accommodate growth .
13	it is available in fruit varieties including orange , citrus , grapefruit , apple , strawberry , raspberry , pineapple , pomegranate , banana , passionfruit , lemon , hibiscus , guarana , tangerine , watermelon and grape flavors as well as tamarind .
96	2001 - nýbúinn ( skífan ) 2002 - sól að morgni ( skífan ) 2003 - 1000 kossa nótt ( skífan ) 2004 - blindsker ( skífan ) , soundtrack 2004 - tvíburinn ( skífan ) 2005 - ást ( skífan ) 2005 - í 6 skrefa fjarlægð frá paradís ( skífan ) 2005 - gleðileg jól ( tolli / bónus ) 2006 - bláir ( íslenskir tónar ) 2006 - lögin mín ( sena ) 2006 - 06.06.06 ( sena ) 2007 - góð verk 07 ( stafræn útgáfa fyrir ipod ) ( sena / apple ) , compilation release .
18	the board of directors includes representatives from eleven '' promoter '' companies : amd , american megatrends , apple , dell , hp , ibm , insyde software , intel , lenovo , microsoft , and phoenix technologies .
3	popular fruits include apple , pear , fig , grape , quince , and pomegranate .
26	plăcintă is a romania traditional pastry resembling a thin , small round or square-shaped cake , usually filled with a soft cheese such as urdă or apple .
0	apple almond ash beech crepe myrtle chestnut dogwood elm ficus grape hazelnut hornbeam laburnum linden maple olive peach pear privet river red gum sycamore willow wisteria conjoined trees two trees may grow to their mature size adjacent to each other and seemingly grow together or conjoin , demonstrating the process of inosculation .
8	colonia juárez is known for its peach and apple orchards as well as cattle ranches .
35	similar drinks of other countries in bulgaria , pelin ( пелин ) is a type of wine with up to 34 herbs and some fruits added , including wormwood , st john 's wort , apple and quince .
34	distribution in plants procyanidins , including the lesser bioactive / bioavailable polymers ( 4 or more catechines ) represent a group of condensed flavan-3-ols that can be found in many plants , most notably apple , maritime pine bark , cinnamon , aronia fruit , cocoa bean , grape seed , grape skin , and red wine of vitis vinifera ( the common grape ) .
29	some modern mice can scroll horizontally as well as vertically , using a scroll-wheel ( introduced by microsoft ) , scroll ball ( found , for example , on apple 's mighty mouse ) , pointing stick , or a second scroll wheel .
7	the game is also being developed for apple macintosh computers .
24	current status as of march 2013 , the only active tenants of the downtown proper ( apart from target and macy 's ) are apple and nokia , which have occupied office space along mathilda ave. the remaining retail and entertainment space is still under construction , and the residential units are unfinished .
16	the ralls genet , sometimes spelled ralls janet or rawls jennet , is a cultivar of apple which originated in virginia in the late 18th century .
7	'' memamps failed as both google and apple introduced software similar to that which slowe was seeking to develop .
10	this follows in the footsteps of the precedent set by apple 's proprietary xcode suite , which relies on open source components such as gcc and gdb .
15	pascal cagni is a french business leader best known for his highly successful management of apple 's european business from 2000 to 2012 .
9	clients include adidas , american express , anheuser-busch , apple , burger king , coca cola , dos equis , estee lauder inc . , ford motor company , general electric , general motors , google , grey goose , honda , ibm , intel , johnson & johnson , levi’s , microsoft , nike , porsche , procter & gamble , sony , toyota motor corporation , unilever , and visa .
7	major prizes are supplied by adobe and apple .
8	another prominent proponent of the voucher system was apple co-founder and ceo , steve jobs , who said : some proponents of school vouchers , including the sutherland institute and many supporters of the utah voucher effort , see it as a remedy for the negative cultural impact caused by under-performing public schools , which falls disproportionately on demographic minorities .
6	the book discusses fanaticism about the apple product line .
26	following this , the lumia 920 would frequently be listed among the '' elite '' group smartphone during its time , otherwise populated by heavyweights from apple and samsung .
5	crop-specific symptoms include : ; apple : ' bitter pit ' -- fruit skins develop pits , brown spots appear on skin and/or in flesh and taste of those areas is bitter .
16	career daines was involved in the development of captan and phaltan , fungicide used to protect apple crops .
7	tentation ® delblush is a new commercial apple variety ( also known as delblush ) , that was created in france in 1979 by georges delbard as the result of a crossing of grifer ( blushing golden ) golden delicious .
20	despite qcf design 's request that farraro not release the game , league of epic heroes was released in the apple app store on november 23 , 2010 .
14	- black cherry ( m , we , wo ) pyrus malus l. - apple ( m , we ) rosa carolina l. - pasture rose ( we ) rosa multiflora thunb .
10	in the 2006-2007 school year , each student received an apple laptop computer for use at school and home ; these laptops are used on a daily basis in breck middle and upper school classrooms , and to a lesser degree in fourth-grade classrooms .
13	in 2012 , mixvibes expanded their cross software range to cover nearly all apple devices .
4	for example , when apple introduced the ipad , it took sales away from the original macintosh , but ultimately led to an expanded market for consumer computing hardware .
27	it develops and offers tools and libraries for software developers on a variety of development platforms , including embarcadero delphi , microsoft .net , mono , and apple 's xcode .
11	over time perennials and small trees began to be domesticated including apple and olive .
32	fire blight of pome fruits , caused by the bacterium erwinia amylovora ( burrill ) winslow et al . , is the most severe disease of pear and also is found in apple and raspberry , among others .
8	rickner helped create the first truetype fonts at apple and did all the font hinting for microsoft 's georgia and verdana fonts .
24	the first meeting of the group had 15 people at it and within a year , the group had grown to a couple thousand apple computer fans .
13	nasa astronaut dave hyatt , baker 1994 , browser developer at netscape and apple tamara e. jernigan , phd 1988 , nasa astronaut howard johnson , phd 1982 , electrical engineer james a. kahle , will rice 1983 , ibm fellow and chief architect of the power4 and cell microprocessors james e. gunn , baker 1961 , astronomer at princeton university , 2009 recipient of the national medal of science larry lake , phd 1973 , petroleum engineer and member of the national academy of engineering george whitelaw mackey , 1938 , mathematician jack morava , 1968 , mathematician john morgan , 1968 , mathematician james h. newman , 1982 and 1984 , nasa astronaut john d. olivas , phd 1996 , nasa astronaut steven schafersman , 1983 phd in geology , president of texas citizens for science dennis sullivan , 1963 ba in mathematics .
3	a parody of apple 's get a mac series of commercials , with former writers chris elliott and gerard mulligan portraying the roles of mac and pc , respectively .
9	in 1998 , earthlink entered partnerships with sprint , apple , compusa , and other companies that helped it reach 1 million members by the end of the year .
0	apple have the highest chilling requirements of all fruit trees , followed by apricot and , lastly , peach .
8	bob mansfield is a hardware engineer working at apple .
15	as of june 2012 , flavors available in the uk include strawberry , original and apple ( in april 2012 the original flavor returned , with packs proclaiming '' chunkier and bubblier ) '' .
31	its name comes from the fact that the central dialogue is that of aristotle , who lectures about immortality as he is dying , periodically revived and energized by smelling an apple .
23	notebooks with this feature include the dell studio and latitude series , some hp elitebooks and some hp envy models , and the apple macbook pro and macbook air .
24	the long grove area is now known for its historic downtown , its exclusive million dollar homes and the annual chocolate , strawberry and apple festivals that take place in may , june and october , respectively .
6	northern honshū produced 75 % of apple of japan ; other products included cherries and horses .
3	commercial orcharding of apple was first tried there in 1892 , but a series of setbacks prevented the major success of commercial fruit crops until the 1920s .
10	plant foods eaten by the beech marten include cherries , apple , pear , plum , black nightshade , tomato , grape , raspberries and mountain ash .
27	later the term has also been used to refer to perceptions of his keynote speeches ( or '' stevenote '' ) by observers and devoted users of apple computers and products .
3	server monitor is apple 's ipmi - based tool for communicating with a remote baseboard management controller ( bmc ) that implements their lights-out management ( lom ) system .
7	another important activity is the production of apple , pear , peach and others , specially in the alto valle area , shared with río negro .
22	nico-n ingredients include chinese quince , dried orange peel , mulberry leaf , green tea , ginkgo nut , liquorice root , apple , platycodon , lemon , celery and chinese matrimony vine .
13	lillian vernon re-established itself post-bankruptcy , expanding its internet presence through facebook and apple 's itunes marketplace .
11	the first game , blast billiards touch , was approved by apple in december 2009 .
10	beal also composed and produced the music for commercials from apple , nasdaq , ben & jerry 's , amgen , dr. pepper and many other major advertisers .
12	commercial use the song 's title comes from the norwegian word for apple .
0	apple groves foster the production of the traditional alcoholic drink , a natural cider ( sidra ) .
6	the server is now compatible with apple 's airplay and time machine technologies ( firmware 1.1.0 , august 2011 ) .
16	in july 2012 , greenbytes acquired the zevo zfs technology for mac , developed by former apple engineer don brady , who then joined the greenbytes ' team .
8	in 2007 , asus , dell , and apple introduced led backlights into some of their notebook models .
17	description alongside dried pears the filling also contains raisin , walnut and other dried fruit such as apple or figs .
0	apple in reference to their quicktime media player employed the term fast start in 1997 , to describe what was commercially referred to as progressive download playback of encoded digital media content .
17	vim is included with almost every linux distribution ( and is also shipped with every copy of apple os x ) .
11	referenced developers for adobe systems , quark , inc . , apple and microsoft , j2s develops and provides : iphone apps flex & air rich clients indesign & indesign server plug-ins livecycle product integration ( livecyle designer , livecyle forms , livecyle workflow ... ) other extensions ( photoshop , acrobat , illustrator , quarkxpress , ... ) applications operating on windows and/or macos handling of file formats ( xml , xmp , iptc , jpeg , pdf , ... ) internet technologies ( apache , flex , asp , php , cgi , html ... ) the preferred language is c++ and actionscript , other languages used include c , php , asp , pascal , visual basic , and perl .
12	steve works for a computer sales and repair company that concentrates on apple products .
16	in 2009 , costa systems created the '' ileslie '' iphone application , sold by the apple itunes app store .
5	ios devices an application for apple 's ios ( ios 4.3 or later ) operating system and either the ipad ( 1st generation or later ) , iphone ( 3gs or later ) and ipod touch ( 3rd generation or later ) , was launched on 1 july 2011 .
23	as a third and last attempt to rid herself of snow white , she secretly consults the darkest magic and makes a poisoned apple , and in the disguise of a farmer 's wife , she offers it to snow white .
46	jade has been featured in the new york times , the new york post , the los angeles times , the sydney morning herald , glamour , allure , mac life , mac world uk , marie claire uk and multiple other international fashion magazines and apple culture magazines .
15	'' black and gold '' was made available as a digital download ( via the apple itunes store ) on 23 march 2008 as the lead single from sam sparro .
16	jeff barnes jeffrey '' jeff '' barnes is a member of the nerd herd specializing in apple products .
3	inc. , led apple 's powerbook division to profitability and served as chief executive officer and president of borland software corporation .
89	implementations amd amd64 and direct connect architecture based cpus sibyte mips cpus from broadcom pmc-sierra rm9000x2 mips cpu raza thread processors loongson -3 mips processor ht tunnel from opencores project ( mpl licence ) ati radeon xpress 200 for amd processor nvidia nforce chipsets nforce professional mcps ( media and communication processor ) nforce 4 series nforce 500 series nforce 600 series nforce 700 series serverworks ( now broadcom ) hypertransport systemi/o controllers ht-2000 ht-2100 the ibm cpc925 and cpc945 powerpc 970 northbridges , as co-designed and used by apple in the power mac g5 several open source cores from the hypertransport center of excellence cisco quantumflow processors frequency specifications amd athlon 64 , athlon 64 fx , athlon 64 x2 , athlon x2 , athlon ii , phenom , phenom ii , sempron , turion series and later use one 16-bit hypertransport link .
13	these sweet dumplings are made by wrapping fruit , frequently a whole tart apple , in pastry , then baking until the pastry is browned and the filling is tender .
17	among the ingredients used are plum or pear syrup , dried pears , plums or cherries , apple vinegar and honey .
4	liberty is a hybrid apple cultivar developed by the new york state agricultural experiment station .
62	he also played norvo tigan , the brother of nicole de boer 's character of ezri dax , in the episode , '' '' ; '' psychic-guy '' patient mr. duff in the grey 's anatomy episode , '' save me '' ; the driver in the 2001 vw jetta ad , '' big day '' ; and the groom in the apple idvd ad , '' elope '' .
9	the single was available at high-street stores hmv , apple itunes and amazon .
26	this other ingredient may vary ; examples include chocolate ; chocolate-flavoured dough ; a combination of chocolate and cinnamon ; and a combination of cinnamon , apple , and coconut .
16	less usual foods that have been reported are dried vegetable remains , dried fruits ( especially apple and raisin ) , horn shavings ( an organic fertilizer ) , cork and even refined sugar .
2	competing technologies apple 's audio units avid 's avid audio extension digidesign 's real time audiosuite digidesign 's tdm ladspa , dssi for linux lv2 , a cross-platform , open source , liberally licensed audio plugin standard microsoft 's directx plugin mark of the unicorn 's motu audio system jack audio connection kit , an open source sound server allowing flexible audio routing between apps propellerhead 's rack extensions programming languages steinberg 's vst sdk is a set of c + + classes based around an underlying c api .
14	design much of the 7400 design was done by motorola in close co-operation with apple and ibm .
27	competitors included mitsubishi with their diamondtron nf brand of flat aperture grille crt displays , as used in certain computer monitors from mitsubishi , nec , and apple .
13	the n95 's main competitors during its lifetime were the lg prada , apple 's iphone and the sony ericsson w950i .
7	however , it is only compatible with apple 's ipad tablet pc .
0	apple used the song in an advertisement for their 6th generation ipod nano .
19	lyon has worked at a number of silicon valley companies , including stanford telecommunications , xerox , schlumberger , apple , foveon , and google .
14	on her right is a dog , and in her hands a basket of apple .
8	adjustable with a sliding interface 24 years before apple ` s iphone file : jochen claussen-finks red fiberglass armchair 1971 .
3	desktop computers from apple and ibm had been steadily gaining speed and power and in 1987 they became more powerful than the more expensive lisp machines made by symbolics and others .
20	washington roussanne is often blended with viognier and is characterized by its fruit salad profile of notes that range from apple , lime , peach and citrus to cream and honey .
9	also , vim is shipped with every copy of apple os x .
1	several apple proprietary disk image formats can be used to create these images , including the universal disk image format ( udif ) and the new disk image format ( ndif ) .
15	tufahije ( singular : tufahija ) is a bosnian dessert made of walnut - stuffed apple stewed in water with sugar , very popular in bosnia and herzegovina , croatia , macedonia and serbia .
15	products and services on october 19 , 2011 , c spire announced plans to sell apple 's iphone 4 and the iphone 4s on its website .
26	t-mobile usa launched in 2010 an ad campaign for the t-mobile 4g product , which features model/actress carly foulkes as a 4g phone going up against apple 's iphone 4 which at the time was exclusively on competitor at & t mobility .
2	fruits include apple , cherries , cherimoya , peach , and pear .
16	mobile apps nickelodeon released a free mobile app for smartphone and tablet computer operating on the apple and android platforms in february 2013 .
27	forest were replanted after the war with spruce , pine , cedar , siberian larch , oak , norway maple , elm , america , ash , apple tree , mountain ash and other species .
35	critics felt that in the case of the latter , microsoft 's decision had delivered a potential blow to the adoption of usb 2.0 , as xp was to provide support for the competing , apple - developed firewire standard instead .
5	the melons , grapes , apple , quince , and pear of uzbekistan are well known for their quality .
9	the yakima valley produces many fruit crops , including apple , peach , pear , cherries , and melon .
12	comparison table third-party firmwares with ipv6 support consumer routers with 6to4 support apple 's airport extreme & airport express base station various buffalo technology wireless routers d-link dir-615 , dir-655 rev. b , dir-825 ( v2 firmware ; currently available for the dir-825 rev. b only !
6	history canvas was initially introduced by apple for use inside their own mac os x webkit component in 2004 , powering applications like dashboard widgets and the safari browser .
6	terhune also makes fruit wine from apple , blueberries , and peach .
24	original version the original formulation contained 106 mg of caffeine , 33 g of sugar , fruit of the açaí palm , 68 % apple juice , 5 % lemon juice , carbonated water , fructose and malt extract and trace quantities of guarana and ginseng , per 250 ml can .
33	in 2005 and 2006 , recording artists gwen stefani appeared in advertisements related to a campaign in which codes printed underneath diet pepsi bottle caps could be redeemed for music downloads on the apple itunes music store .
12	this makes the denser hardwoods such as oak , cherry , and apple more suited for camp fires , cooking fires , and smoking meat as they tend to burn hotter and longer than softwoods such as pine or cedar .
2	these include apple , beetroot , cabbage , carrot , high quality coffee , common bean , maize , onion , peach , plum , potato , radish , turnip and wheat .
7	it was very well received and achieved apple editor choice featuring .
30	agriculture is the main branch of economy grow : cereals ( wheat , barley , oats ) , vegetables , tobacco , sunflower , sugar beet , in orchards : apple , plum , pear , cherry and others .
22	his tenure was marked by significant investments in roads , irrigation works , rural electrification , as well as higher subsidies for apple and pear exporters .
28	history the company , founded in 1999 , employs numerous established high-tech veterans , including former executives from electronic arts , ebay , disney , adobe , and apple .
18	competition in the global mobile advertising market , inmobi primarily competes against google 's admob millennial media and apple 's iad .
40	the country was the destination for berkshire hathaway 's first investment outside the united states when it purchased iscar metalworking , and the first research and development centers outside the united states for companies including intel , microsoft , and apple .
4	with the lisa , apple introduced a desktop environment on an affordable personal computer , which also failed in the market .
9	local agriculture includes the growing of hops and cider apple and wine is made nearby at the frome valley vineyard .
7	fruits fruit like pear , walnuts , apple , banana , black grapes , grapes , fig , peach , damson plum , mulberry , wild fig , lemon , apricot , cherry are found in abundance in u/c numbal .
28	dichlofluanid ( n - dichlorofluoromethylthio - n , n - dimethyl - n - phenylsulfamide ) is a fungicide used to protect strawberries , grape , berries , apple , pear and other fruit , vegetables and ornamental plants from diseases such as scab , black spot , leather rot , gray mold , downy mildew and others caused by the fungi botrytis , alternaria , sclerotinia , and monilinia .
25	the power mac g4 ( originally power macintosh g4 ) is a series of personal computer that was designed , manufactured , and sold by apple between 1999 and 2004 .
4	extant sections treat of apple , peach , quince , citron , almond , chestnut , parsnip , and various other edibles , with an emphasis on the medical effects they have on the body ( quoting dioscorides sometimes ) .
7	for example , among other goods an apple is a tangible object , while news belongs to an intangible class of goods and can be perceived only by means of an instrument such as print , broadcast or computer .
8	in peru it is drunk warm , and apple , guanábana and quince is used instead of lulo .
10	hypermeganet ug claims it is acting within the law because apple 's eula -- that forbids installation of mac os x on non-apple branded computers -- only applies if it can be seen before purchase , according to german law .
2	developed by apple , it is the open source equivalent of quicktime streaming server , and is based on its code .
23	full members include most of the main computer software and hardware companies with any interest in text-processing standards , including adobe systems , apple , google , ibm , microsoft , oracle corporation , yahoo! and the ministry of endowments and religious affairs of sultanate of oman .
17	in this case , the ftc found google liable for misrepresenting '' privacy assurances to users of apple 's safari internet browser '' .
24	itunes ping , also known simply as ping , was a software-based , music-oriented social networking and recommender system service developed and operated by apple .
17	kodak sold many of its patents for approximately $ 525,000,000 to a group of companies ( including apple , google , facebook , amazon , microsoft , samsung , adobe systems and htc ) under the name intellectual ventures and rpx corporation .
37	the ecosystem of devices and network elements is yet to be developed another existing challenge is the advancement of its own ecosystem , which in turn depends on equipment vendors : terminal devices manufacturers ( htc , apple , samsung , nokia , etc. ) , producers of parts of terminals ( such as qualcomm ) and vendors that manufacture network elements ( ericsson , nokia siemens networks , alcatel-lucent , huawei , etc. ) .
42	her programs for german public radio ( in german ) include pieces about the queen of sheba , morgan le fay , zora neale hurston , the mapuche people of patagonia , and the cultural histories of sheep , dragon and the apple , respectively .
12	agriculture , gardening and industry the main garden products are walnuts , apple , cherry , sour cherry and apricot .
6	on january 31 , 2008 , apple released the macbook air , a thin laptop with an optional 64 gb ssd .
25	wine is produced by fermentation of the natural sugars present in grapes ; cider and perry are produced by similar fermentation of natural sugar in apple and pear , respectively ; and other fruit wine are produced from the fermentation of the sugars in and other kinds of fruit .
6	official extensions agp graphics card ( apple macintosh ) agp pro graphics card agp pro it is an official extension for cards that required more electrical power .
42	also , the symbol is known as saint john 's arms or saint hannes cross , related to swedish sankthanskors and finnish hannunvaakuna , as gorgon loop , and as command key symbol due to its use on the command key on apple computer keyboard .
10	products rogers wireless carries feature phone and smartphone made by apple , blackberry , htc , lg , motorola , nokia , samsung and sony .
10	mott 's is a american company involved primarily in producing apple - based products , particularly juice and sauce .
20	this information is collected from all around the internet , such as by popular services like facebook , google , apple , spotify or gps systems .
7	this is a list of countries by apple production in 2011 mostly based on fao accessed in march 2013 .
10	'' when , on october 2005 , steve jobs from apple , was introducing the new ipod 5g 's video podcast capabilities , he showed a playlist of video podcasts that included rocketboom .
37	these , in turn , have been incorporated in whole or in part in modern proprietary operating systems , e.g. the tcp/ip ( ipv4 only ) networking code in microsoft windows and most of the foundation of apple 's os x and ios .
6	on september 18 , 2002 , apple bundled a similar program , sherlock 3 , with mac os x v10.2 .
5	this version incorporated changes from apple and made the licence less specific to openwatcom .
6	these topics included hashtags referring to apple , the iphone , mousavi ( the iranian presidential candidate ) as well as other hashtags relating to the 2009 iranian election protests .
2	os x apple 's os x is a unix 03 registered product , first becoming registered with mac os x v10.5 '' leopard '' on october 26 , 2007 ( when run on intel processors ) .
50	eriogynia eriolobus erythrocoma exochorda f fallugia farinopsis filipendula fragaria g geum gillenia h hagenia hesperomeles heteromeles holodiscus horkelia horkeliella hulthemia ( synonym of rosa ) × hulthemosa ( hulthemia × rosa ) i ivesia k kageneckia kerria l lachemilla laurocerasus leucosidea lindleya luetkea lyonothamnus m maddenia malacomeles ×malosorbus malus an apple , species malus sylvestris domestica .
8	brief sales ban on 29 june 2012 , apple was granted a request for a pre-trial injunction against the import and sale to the u.s. of galaxy nexus by samsung .
5	it is made by crushing apple and squeezing out the liquid .
28	the president of sabre 's special projects , nellie bertram ( catherine tate ) begins to talk about the project , which encompasses creating a store to rival apple 's chain of stores , and dwight and packer start to compete to see who will become her vice president .
27	the fruits , which only ripen after dropping to the ground , are valued as an australian bush food and are variously described as tasting like stewed apple or kiwifruit .
7	auburn road also makes fruit wine from apple , blueberries , and peach advocacy , features , licensing , and associations auburn road is an advocate of the direct shipping of wine from wineries to customers .
19	in january 2007 , the first season of star trek : the original series became available for download from apple 's itunes store .
122	smartphones wind mobile offers various smartphone using various platforms : android : htc one and one s ; various huawei including the huawei ascend p1 and huawei sonic ; lg google nexus 5 , lg g2 , lg optimus 4x hd and l9 ; motorola razr v ; various samsung galaxy including the note ii , note 3 and the s4 ; sony xperia ion blackberry 10 : blackberry z10 , blackberry q5 and blackberry q10 blackberry os : curve 9360 and bold 9900 windows phone 8 : htc windows phone 8s , huawei ascend w1 while wind does not sell ios phones , the t-mobile us versions of the iphone 5 , 5s , 5c ( sold unlocked by t-mobile or apple ) are compatible with wind 's network and wind offers the necessary nano-sim card to use the devices .
12	nokia 's expansion into the netbook market is contrary to computer maker apple 's 2007 expansion into the phone market with their iphone .
3	it also supported apple 's game sprockets .
13	history albertming was founded by albert shyy and ming chang , a former apple engineer , in 2010 .
13	the city is currently a regional commercial center and the largest producer of apple in japan .
39	some foods whose processing creates press cakes are olive for olive oil ( pomace ) , peanut for peanut oil , coconut flesh for coconut cream and milk ( sapal ) , grape for wine ( pomace ) , apple for cider ( pomace ) , and soybean for soy milk ( used to make tofu ) ( this is called okara ) or oil .
1	in apple 's mac os x , it was available as an alternative to hfs+ , their proprietary filesystem .
18	the selectric composer was accorded respect and affection among small publishers , unrivaled until the appearance of the apple macintosh , laser printer , and desktop publishing software .
24	film production rodriguez was the executive producer of the biographical film jobs , directed by joshua michael stern and based on the life of apple co-founder , steve jobs .
25	the people of ain ebel cultivate their land and produce olive , almond , chestnut , pecan , grape , fig , pomegranate , and apple .
15	hongfujin precision industry co. , a subsidiary of foxconn , is a company which manufactures apple 's iphone 5 , ipod as well as other products for multinational corporations .
12	it is commonly found in the crowns of broad-leaved trees , particularly apple , lime ( linden ) , hawthorn and poplar .
6	melon dolma along with quince or apple dolma was one of the palace 's specialties ( raw melon stuffed with minced meat , onion , rice , almonds , cooked in an oven ) .
14	after lead developer jeremy andrus left for a job on the darwin kernel at apple , the project has been headed by jason nieh .
12	randy rettberg , an engineer who has worked for technology companies including apple , sun and bbn , is the director of the igem competition .
16	the diversity of its ecology and climate makes it possible to grow temperate crop such as apple , pear , plum , grape and citrus fruit and tropical products such as mango and lychee , as well as a wide variety of other crops including coffee , clove , sisal , maize , tuber and various spice .
10	nightly builds of webkit ( the layout engine used by apple safari and google chrome , among others ) now have support for spatial navigation .
4	it was developed by apple as a replacement for ostype ( type & creator codes ) .
7	the font is also apparently licensed to apple , who announced on october 16 , 2007 that their flagship operating system , mac os x v10.5 ( '' leopard '' ) , would be bundled with arial unicode .
12	for the mountain towns , the crops are summer fruits , mainly apple and pear .
13	similar to freemidi by mark of the unicorn and audio midi setup by apple , oms is used to manage midi devices by providing applications and the mac os with information regarding the physical setup of midi devices connected to the computer .
20	these rely on media that are not owned by the data owner but by service provider such as google , apple , microsoft and facebook .
4	cafection has partnerships with apple , google , aramark , facebook , microsoft and bill and melinda gates ' foundation .
18	it is made of puff pastry and four fillings : nut , fresh cheese , poppy seed and apple , as well as of many additional ingredient .
14	wheels of zeus ( or woz ) was a company founded in 2002 by apple co-founder steve wozniak .
34	part three : later the same day , the crew is setting up for a dream sequence in which nicole , as ellen , stands still while a dwarf walks around her holding an apple .
5	hector barbossa is fond of apple , which appear throughout the first film .
35	my little pony : twilight sparkle , teacher for a day ( 2011 ) is a puzzle / storybook game developed by ruckus media , published by hasbro , and released for ios devices on apple 's app store .
10	the fruit is a reddish-purple pome , resembling a small apple in shape .
7	the village is also famous for its apple and other fruit , and for its many forests such as pine tree and oak tree which are well known in lebanon .
9	a variation on the garamond typeface was adopted by apple in 1984 upon the release of the macintosh .
30	development although it was once a leading manufacturer of smartphones in terms of market share , htc has recently struggled in the wake of other vendors such as samsung and apple , due particularly to their wider marketing reach .
30	with the launch of the iphone 3gs on june 19 , 2009 , itunes at home activation was available for people purchasing their iphone from at & t mobility and apple .
25	grant has presented for leaders at organizations such as google , the nfl , merck , pixar , goldman sachs , facebook , microsoft , apple , the united nations , the world economic forum , and the us army , the us navy , and the us air force .
27	juniper later focused solely on credit cards , offering cards with partners such as us airways , the harvard alumni association , barnes & noble , and apple , among others .
5	the initial popularity of the apple iphone was eventually matched by the google android os , while older platforms such as the research in motion blackberry maintained a significant , albeit shrinking , market share .
17	on commercial personal computer the desktop metaphor was popularized among technical users by the original macintosh from apple in 1984 , and among the general population by windows 95 from microsoft in 1995 .
32	hyperlinks in other document technologies hyperlinks are used in the gopher protocol , text editor , pdf documents , help systems such as windows help , word processing documents , spreadsheets , apple 's hypercard and many other places .
6	on june 11 , 2012 , apple announced new macbook air and macbook pro with usb 3.0 .
0	apple senior vice president of design jonathan ive kbe was raised in chingford .
4	implementations ; accelerate : apple 's framework for mac os x and ios , which includes tuned versions of blas and lapack .
21	aside from co-founding purple moon , she has served as an interaction design consultant for multiple companies including sony pictures , apple , and citibank .
36	william s. '' bill '' kincaid ( born march 10 , 1956 ) is an american computer engineer and entrepreneur notable for creating the mp3 player soundjam mp with jeff robbin that was eventually bought by apple and renamed itunes .
10	fruit crops grown in vineland include cherries , peach , apple , strawberries and pear .
9	adam nash previously worked for linkedin , ebay and apple .
1	examples apple 's itunes has been accused of being bloated as part of its efforts to turn it from a program that plays media to an e-commerce and advertising platform , with former pc world editor ed bott accusing the company of hypocrisy in its advertising attacks on windows for similar practices .
3	as well as apple 's ios 5 video '' get some '' was used in a victoria 's secret commercial .
7	this prompt is used on sun , apple , and other computers with the forth-based open firmware ( openboot ) .
21	the eone was an all-in-one desktop computer produced by emachines in 1999 that bore a clear resemblance to the design of apple 's imac .
6	cox 's orange pippin is an apple cultivar first grown in 1830 , at colnbrook in buckinghamshire , england , by the retired brewer and horticulturist richard cox .
4	tekserve , a vast apple computer repair shop , serves nearby silicon alley and the area 's large creative community .
14	the first screensaver that allowed users to change the activating time was released on apple 's lisa , in 1983 .
14	steve jobs ( 1955 -- 2011 ) is shown here holding the first generation apple ipad .
34	the term dolma describes any vegetable or fruit stuffed with rice or a rice-and meat mixture : grape vine leaves , cabbage leaves , spinach , eggplant , sweet pepper , tomatoes , even apple and quince .
0	apple temporarily removed how to download a boyfriend from its e-book store citing concerns over nudity in the book .
0	apple subsequently developed a new protocol appleshare ip which is not backwardly compatible .
11	the man 's face is largely obscured by a hover green apple .
9	it also contains : a recipe entitled '' of apple with black skin and white flesh : to fill the stomach with greed unto death '' .
23	in 2009 , the seat león cupra was turned into a race car in the ` seat cupra race ' mobile game for apple iphone / ipod touch available through the itunes ' app store .
13	it can be used to make a german style light white wine with apple and pear flavors .
15	his business suffered badly when the codling moth appeared in the state , devastating the apple crop .
6	business steve jobs , founder of apple .
20	as watchespn on april 7 , 2011 , espn released a mobile app called watchespn on the app store for apple devices , using the same subscriber authentication functionality to allow access to simulcasts of the available espn channels on the service via the iphone , ipad and ipod touch ; the app was released on the android market ( now google play ) on may 9 , 2011 .
5	available for download from the apple app store and google play , grindr comes in both free and subscription-based versions ( grindr xtra ) .
10	the ripe fruits are tasty , reminiscent of a small apple .
26	in mac os x 10.0 , the nextstep format was deprecated , and a new xml format was introduced , with a public dtd defined by apple .
17	oz now also distributed since 1.4.0 pipeline pilot prograph pure data pythonect quartz composer - designed by apple ; used for graphic animations and effects sac single assignment c scala ( with a library ) signal ( a dataflow-oriented synchronous language enabling multi-clock specifications ) simulink simpl sisal - a visual programming environment focused on industrial vision ( open source ) swarm system verilog tersus - visual programming platform ( open source ) verilog vhdl vignette 's vbis language for business processes integration vvvv vsxu widget workshop , a '' game '' designed for children which is technically a simplified dataflow programming language .
25	the suicides drew media attention , and employment practices at foxconn , a large contract manufacturer , were investigated by several of its customers including apple and hp .
18	the game being played is between the calgary flames and the los angeles kings a mobile version for apple devices was released on the app store , also on august 24 , 2010 .
17	it has a website and separate digital editions configured for both the ios operating system for the apple ipad and the android operating system for such devices as the google nexus , all of which offer video clips , extra features and multimedia and other material not found in the printed version of the newspaper .
9	aqua is the gui and primary visual theme of apple 's os x operating system .
40	he won the 2009 presidents award for research at the hong kong polytechnic university awards sizechina won four major international design awards in 2008 : idea/businessweek gold medal - research category , idea/businessweek - best in show ( co-winner with apple iphone ) , fortune magazine ( china ) - china 's most successful design award , design for asia award - grand prize .
20	in early 2009 , the non-profit technology consortium khronos group started the webgl working group , with initial participation from apple , google , mozilla , opera , and others .
25	under the pseudonym '' fake steve jobs , '' he also wrote the secret diary of steve jobs , a popular blog and parody of apple ceo steve jobs .
10	time machine is a backup software application distributed with the apple os x computer operating system .
1	when apple added podcatching to its itunes software in june 2005 , it almost immediately became the most popular client .
9	one of these prime examples can see through the apple product , the iphone , in which '' emoji '' are seen as icons in a separate keyboard to convey what words would have once delivered .
36	in the wake of the mass shooting at a theater in aurora , colorado on july 20 , the trailer was pulled from most theaters running before films and airing on television , and removed from apple 's trailer site and youtube due to a scene in which characters shoot submachine gun at moviegoers through the screen of grauman 's chinese theatre .
49	john calhoun mentioned that he 'd like to create a successor to glider pro that went back to the roots of glider ( for example , by having fewer objects and all-indoor houses ) but that it would have to wait until he 's done with his work at apple .
6	partners the academy 's partners include apple , arri , cannes film festival , goldsmiths , university of london , kodak , new horizons film festival , riverside studios , deluxe entertainment services group inc . , and anglia ruskin university ( cambridge campus ) courses of study the college provides a variety of film-making courses , taught either in london or in the algarve , portugal ( in association with the algarve film commission ) .
11	it was arguably the altair computer that spawned the development of apple , as well as microsoft which produced and sold the altair basic programming language interpreter , microsoft 's first product .
33	these representations may be considered somewhat unusual by a modern user , but at the time there were no commonly accepted metaphors and commodore chose to use different idioms from their competitors ( apple had already pursued legal action to prevent other software companies from offering graphical user interfaces similar to its own ) .
6	powerbox systems have been implemented in apple mac os x lion .
16	surviving correspondence mentions the moving of thousands of young fruit trees , quince , almond , apple and medlar .
13	the app was a # 1 best-seller on the itunes store and won apple 's prestigious award for best designed app of 2011 .
12	popularity show of hands has been downloaded over 300,000 times across the apple and android app stores .
12	antonovka apples antonovka or antonówka is a group of late-fall or early-winter apple cultivar with a strong acid flavor that have been popular in russia ( soviet union and the russian empire ) as well as in poland .
9	since 2005 , nat-pmp has been implemented in various apple products .
10	economy most people are farmers , among the crops are apple and pear , as well as maize and wheat .
35	desktop environments and applications could be hosted in a datacenter , with users accessing these environments from a wide range of client devices , including microsoft windows pcs , sun ray virtual display clients , apple macintoshes , pdas or any combination of supported devices .
10	malic acid is typically associated with the taste of green apple while lactic acid is richer and more buttery tasting .
9	'' fruits , sometimes categorized with vegetables , include apple , oranges , banana , berries and lemon .
36	microsoft security essentials microsoft .net framework 4.0 microsoft silverlight runtime for ie adobe flash player 10.2 and acrobat reader for reading pdf files exopc gui layer store specific applications an application library , similar to the apple app store or the android market is available for the device , accessible through the exopc ui .
23	filmed in stop motion , the clip featured the band playing their song as pieces of fruit , with screech portrayed by an apple ; stolfutz , a pear ; north , a banana ; macpherty , a peach ; lordenshire , a bunch of grapes ; and beers , a mango .
8	the a.p.p.l.e. is one of the oldest official apple users groups in existence and specializes in providing users usable freeware and shareware .
3	in 2007 , apple 's iphone was the first cell phone promoting this feature .
4	the sandow is an apple cultivar that 's an '' open-pollinated seedling of northern spy '' that was created in 1912 .
25	the economy of the village is basically agrarian , with the cultivation on its irrigated and unirrigated land of almond , cereal , pear , apple , olive , peach , etc. arbeca is situated in the north-northeast of les garrigues , near the comarques of pla d'urgell and urgell , and about 30 kilometers from lleida , the capital of the province of the same name .
0	apple , google , ibm , mcdonald's , and microsoft are the world 's five most valuable brands in an index published by millward brown .
6	career he started his career at apple .
14	devices shazam is also a free or low-cost application for some android devices , apple iphone , blackberry devices , nokia smartphones , windows phone devices , and most sony ericsson phones ( not to be confused with sony ericsson 's own trackid , which is a similar application ) .
21	dr. arnold kim ( often referred to as '' arn '' online ) is the owner of macrumors , a popular apple rumors website .
23	the companies that make the platforms , such as microsoft , cisco , ibm , hewlett-packard , novell , google , oracle , apple , sap and salesforce.com encourage and lend support to isvs , often with special '' business partner '' programs .
22	they publish games for formats including pc , mac , interactive - dvd , nintendo ds and wii , sony psp and apple iphone .
13	identifying the fruit potential forbidden fruits of the garden of eden include the apple , pomegranate , the fig , the carob , the etrog or citron , the pear , mushrooms , the quince and , more recently , the datura .
17	the charter members were composed of equipment vendors , independent producers , training professionals and members of apple 's iie computer group , sony 's smc-70 computer & interactive laser disc groups and pioneer 's interactive laserdisc groups .
102	die size : 107 mm 2 ( penryn ) , 82 mm 2 ( penryn-3m ) steppings : c0 , e0 ( penryn ) m0 , r0 ( penryn-3m ) "penryn" , "penryn-3m" ( medium-voltage , 45 nm ) all models support : mmx , sse , sse2 , sse3 , ssse3 , sse4.1 , enhanced intel speedstep technology ( eist ) , intel 64 , xd bit ( an nx bit implementation ) , iamt2 ( intel active management ) , intel vt-x ( except the non-mac p7350 , p7450 ) , txt , ida ( intel dynamic acceleration ) select apple subsets of p7000 series processors support intel vt-x .
8	it is a plant pathogen that grows on apple ( pyrus malus ) .
5	willow creek makes wine from apple and pumpkin , and has a separate brand for non-estate wines , named '' wilde cock '' after the owner and the rooster that live at the farm .
8	also loaded aboard the boxcar were barrel of apple , blocks of ice cut from frozen ponds , granite from quarries , and tins of corn packed at a canning factory .
2	android and apple smartphones and tablet computers may be used as remote controls for google tv .
15	other common ingredients are additional grated or chopped fresh fruit ( e.g. , banana , apple , berries , grape , mango ) , dried fruit , milk products ( e.g. , fresh milk , yogurt , cream , condensed milk , fromage frais , quark , cottage cheese , or nondairy milk substitutes ) , lemon juice , ground nut , seeds , spices ( especially cinnamon ) , honey and muesli mix .
21	implementation the mac os x 10.8.5 system preferences dialog , non-scaled ( left ) and scaled ( right ) os x apple has included some support for resolution independence in earlier versions of os x ( formerly mac os x ) , which could be demonstrated with the developer tools quartz debug that included a feature allowing the user to scale the interface .
0	apple founder steve jobs recalled that '' larry told me that 15 minutes into the meeting , he knew ray was the only guy he had met who was near smart enough to run oracle .
6	was a magazine for owners of apple 's ios devices ( iphone , ipad and ipod touch ) , published by future plc .
18	this encouraged large brands such as coors , at&t , ford , mcdonald's , nike , adidas and apple to advertise within the collective .
16	his most famous advertisement was 1984 ( 1984 ) , directed by ridley scott , for apple .
20	the granite belt is known for its spectacular flowers , and produces virtually all of queensland 's $ 40 million apple crop from one million trees grown by 55 orchardists .
10	the high school maintains four separate computer labs holding both apple and pc computers .
9	industries it is primarily an agricultural area with many apple orchards and vineyards , and market gardens , growing strawberries , cabbages , rhubarb and lettuce are also amongst the primary produce .
33	hocevar is part of goatse security , an information security working group most known for revealing a security flaw in at&t 's website , leading to the release of 114,000 email addresses of apple ipad users .
20	it will have a2dp stereo streaming technologies , bluetooth hands-free telephone , usb hookups , and an input for an apple ipod or iphone .
15	land use manasbal lake important vegetation in the catchment of the lake comprise orchards ( apple , mulberry ) , some platanus ( chinar trees ) and salix trees .
19	scoops sony laptop battery scandal in 2006 the inquirer reported laptop battery problems that affected dell , sony and apple as of september 2006 , with rumors of problems at toshiba and lenovo .
6	the bump app debuted in the apple ios app store in march 2009 and was '' one of the apps that helped to define the iphone '' ( harry mccracken , technologizer ) .
12	several varieties are available , including homestyle , blueberry , strawberry , apple cinnamon , buttermilk , and chocolate chip .
21	defectivebydesign.org proclaimed october 3 , 2006 to be a '' day against drm '' , and organized several events outside key apple stores in the us and the uk .
6	during this period , crops of apple , pear and alfalfa became plentiful .
17	product red is a brand that is licensed to partner companies , such as american express , apple , converse , motorola , microsoft , dell , the gap and giorgio armani .
7	both seasons are available for download from apple 's itunes store .
29	main branch of economy is agriculture , is growing cereals ( barley , wheat , oats ) , vegetables , tobacco , sunflower and permanent crops : orchards ( apple , cherry , hair ) and vine .
15	some programs bundled with popular operating system which support png include microsoft 's paint and apple 's iphoto and preview , with the gimp also often being bundled with popular linux distributions .
12	before joining at & t , he was senior vice president at apple , where he led the worldwide research and development group responsible for mac os software , macintosh hardware , imaging and other peripheral products development .
10	in addition the production of cherries , zwetschge , and apple contribute significantly to the economy .
9	maple , alder , and fruit woods such as apple , pear , and cherry impart a milder , sweeter taste .
49	in april 2010 , the site was the 28th most visited site in the world according to alexa 's internet rankings and in august 2010 , the site was the 27th most visited site drawing more traffic than the websites of aol , bbc , flickr , craigslist , apple , cnn , linkedin , adobe , cnet , espn and several other heavy hitters .
19	nat port mapping protocol ( nat-pmp ) is an internet engineering task force rfc , introduced in 2005 by apple as an alternative to the more common iso standard internet gateway device ( igd ) standardized device control protocol implemented in many network address translation ( nat ) router .
13	žemlovka ( moravian dialect : zemlbába ) is a sweet dish made of apple and rohlík or veka which are soaked by sweet milk .
3	the bindings to apple libraries are absent , but the environment can interface with dynamic libraries .
16	9rules is currently made up of over 30 communities divided by topics such as gaming , apple , web design and web 2.0 .
4	some ( such as apple , atari , and acorn ) persevered with their independent and quite different systems .
15	the largest crops ( ) 300 kilo tonnes , in 2001-2001 ) include orange , apple , banana , chestnut , potato , carrot and tomato .
20	ovi was a move into the world of internet services , where nokia faced competition with microsoft , google and apple .
3	notable stores include apple , aldo , swarovski , express , claire's , crate & barrel , pottery barn , and red door spa .
49	industry response when surface was first announced , critics noted that the device represented a significant departure for microsoft , as the company had previously relied exclusively on third-party oems to produce devices running windows , and began shifting towards a first-party hardware model with similarities to that of apple .
14	origin at the core of rae assist was a technology that a group of apple employees had developed under the direction of samir arora .
14	this service is only open to users in england and is not compatible with apple iphone handsets .
29	the ripe fruit are edible but may be fairly tart , and taste like a giant cranberry , though some species have fruity flavors with overtones of strawberry or apple .
25	in addition , a number of max-like programs share the same concept of visual programming in real time -- such as quartz composer ( by apple ) and vvvv , which both focus on realtime video synthesis and processing .
19	cherokee nation members joseph l. erb , roy boney , jr . , and thomas jeff edwards worked with apple to bring official cherokee language support to the iphone and ipod touch in ios 4.1 ( released september 8 , 2010 ) and for the ipad with ios 4.2.1 , which was released on november 22 , 2010 .
4	orchard farming , particularly apple growing plays an important role , with 4.4 km ² of land devoted to orcharding .
22	united states corporations that fall into the category of '' big business '' include exxonmobil , wal-mart , google , microsoft , apple , general electric , general motors , citigroup , goldman sachs and jpmorgan chase .
31	11 ) states that it was cut twice , and afterwards was good keep for sheep , and berossus remarked that wheat , sesame , barley , ophrys , palm , apple and many kinds of shelled fruit grew wild , as wheat still does in the neighborhood of anah .
32	when the dutch took over the area in the mid 17th century and renamed it new netherland , they similarly promoted viticulture in the area but found the area more suited for apple orchards .
28	early settlers of fertile land in mesopotamia used wooden plow to soften the soil before planting crops such as barley , onion , grape , turnip , and apple .
19	prekmurska gibanica , a pastry from prekmurje , made of eight layers , contains poppy seed , walnut , apple , raisin , and ricotta fillings .
49	of the berries that have been found are raspberry ( rubus idaeus ) , dewberry ( rubus caesius ) , wild strawberry , and the somewhat less palatable dogwood ( cornus sanguinea ) , hawthorn ( crataegus monogyna and oxyacantha ) , rowanberry ( sorbus aucuparia ) , crab apple and rose hips .
19	operating systems available for these platforms include ms windows , freebsd , the different gnu / linux distribution , apple mac os x , and oracle solaris .
22	it was established in 1975 with a purpose of conservation of natural forests composed of walnut trees ( juglans regia ) , apple trees ( malus spp ) , alycha ( prunus divaricata ) and other species .
6	the caterpillar 's food plants include apple , pear , plum , willow , hornbeam , lime and oak .
16	later that same year he was again criticised in the daily telegraph for a report on apple 's iphone for bbc midlands today .
5	in the original , an apple obscures the face .
19	through its website , sipgate provides a software application , entitled sipgate , that may be installed on the apple iphone .
3	there is an apple orchard by the walls .
22	; fruits 113 plum and prunes 35 fruiting cactus 16 blackberries 13 raspberries 11 quince 11 plumcot ten cherries ten strawberries ten apple eight peach six chestnut five nectarine four grape four pear three walnut two fig one almond 69 nuts ; grains , grasses , forage nine types ; vegetables 26 types ; ornamentals 91 types burbank was criticized by scientists of his day because he did not keep the kind of careful records that are the norm in scientific research and because he was mainly interested in getting results rather than in basic research .
23	as with the rest of kala , m.i.a. and co-composer switch relied heavily on logic pro , a digital audio workstation produced by apple , and were able to capture vocals and background sounds outside the traditional studio environment , using a microphone and a macbook pro . consisting of urumee drum percussion , trumpets , tambourine , electronic scratches and synths , the song 's instrumentation also consists of repetitive pumped-up synthesizer and 4/4 beats .
20	on april 22 , 2010 , casamassina announced on his blog that he would be leaving ign to work for apple .
9	matas left delicious monster in 2005 to work for apple , but left the company in july 2009 to found push pop press .
18	shown is how the woman ( whose appearance does n't resemble snow white 's ) bites a poison apple from a tree and then falls asleep .
7	nicola is the trade name of the apple cultivar spa440 , a cross between the apples ` splendour ' and ` gala ' made at the pacific agri-food research centre ( parc ) , summerland , bc .
9	the current model issued to students is the 11-inch apple macbook air .
19	during this time , john traveled to silicon valley and gave a demonstration of the program to engineers at apple and russell brown , art director at adobe .
13	depending on the student 's major , a student will receive either an apple macbook pro or a lenovo thinkpad to work with .
5	a direct conversion of an apple ios game , , asphalt 3d includes 17 tracks based on real-life locations and 42 licensed sports vehicles .
33	the following january brought the design to the 17-inch model , along with the built-in battery that joined the rest of the macbook pro line in june , including the 13-inch model which apple absorbed into the macbook pro line .
35	the timber harvested in south haven was shipped to chicago and milwaukee via steamboats and schooners , and the cleared forests were then used by fruit farmers , who primarily grew peach , blueberries and apple .
15	history founded in 1888 , stirling grew rapidly as a result of the expansion of apple growing and market gardening to satisfy the demand of the expanding city of adelaide , whose center is only 15 kilometres from stirling .
2	history since apple release more and more macs with ssd by default , like the macbook air , it makes sense for mac users to seek ways to optimize the way they use disk space .
22	the iwaki river is the longest river in aomori prefecture , and is the source of irrigation for the large-scale rice and apple production of the prefecture .
15	ontario-grown fruits used to make these wines include ( but are not limited to ) apple , apricot , black currant , blackberry , blueberry , cherry , cranberry , elderberry , gooseberry , huckleberry , haskap , nectarine , peach , pear , plum , red currant , raspberry , saskatoon berry , and strawberry .
10	iframe logo iframe is a digital video format developed by apple .
31	many plants which do well at winnipeg ( where constant cold maintains dormancy all winter ) are difficult to grow in the alberta chinook belt ; examples include basswood , some apple , raspberry and saskatoon varieties , and amur maple .
14	career large corporations and start-ups whurley moved to austin in 1994 to work at apple , eventually working in research and development .
1	'' apple : '' we have never heard of prism .
16	on july 11 , 2008 , pandora launched a mobile version of their software for the apple iphone and ipod touch through the itunes app store .
19	the revised edition desert to dream : a dozen years of burning man photography relaunched in 2011 along with apple 's ios ebook version .
32	crops which support aphid populations include wheat , sorghum , sweet corn , alfalfa , soybean , pea , bean , cotton , potato , brassica crops , tomato , asparagus and apple .
14	as of february 20 , 2012 mobile version of aceproject is made available in apple 's app store .
7	he has contributed numerous articles to the apple developers connection , computer arts magazine , and macworld magazine as well as appearing on techtv 's the screen savers .
54	in food it can be isolated from tea , capers ( 135 mg/100g ) , kale ( 26 mg/100g ) , dill ( 13 mg/100g ) , broccoli ( 6 mg/100g ) , witch-hazel , grapefruit , cabbage , beans , endive , leek , tomato , strawberries , grapes , brussels sprout , apple , and other plant sources .
35	wildfire has also been cited as '' a really early version of siri mostly geared for business execs '' and similarities have also been drawn between wildfire 's relaxed conversational style and that of the apple assistant .
10	tomatoes , pumpkin and some fruits such as quince , apple or melon are also used to make dolma in turkish cuisine .
2	pear , apple , grape , oranges , mandarin orange , nectarine , mespila , blackberries , cherries , strawberries , figs , watermelon , melon , avocado , citrus , lemon , pistachio , almond , chestnut , walnut , hazelnut are some of the commonest of the fruits and nuts .
6	airheads pops are lollipop available in apple , blue raspberry , strawberry , cherry , watermelon , grape , strawberry kiwi and berry .
3	mac os x apple mac os x server has included clamav since version 10.4 .
11	her album hypnotized was the most downloaded house dance album on apple 's itunes music store in june 2005 .
8	there are also estonian fruit wines made of apple or different berries .
16	the upper midwest , a prime fruit - growing region , sees the extensive use of apple , blueberries , cranberries , cherries , peach and other cold-climate fruit in its cuisine .
15	this dng workflow is used today by the network to receive material worldwide using an apple macbook pro , various prosumer and professional digital cameras , software from streambox inc. , and bgan terminals from hughes network systems .
87	in particular wapa is seeking cooperative initiatives among its members to increase consumer demand for apples and pears by : facilitating exchange and dissemination of scientific information citing nutritional benefits to boost demand introducing common production best practices to ensure the product placed on the market is of the best possible quality and satisfies consumer expectations discussing matters relating to marketing standards to improve the market position of apples and pears by developing close links with retail chains membership wapa is open to any country that produces apple and pear for the fresh market .
6	plagido also makes fruit wine from apple , blackberries , blueberries , and cranberries .
0	apple subsequently developed a competing standard , truetype , which provided full scalability and precise control of the pixel pattern created by the font 's outlines , and licensed it to microsoft .
45	also crickets ( kōrogi ) : all autumn ( august -- october ) -- noted for the singing of the males nashi pear ( 梨 nashi ) , chaenomeles ( boke no mi ) , peach ( momo ) , persimmon ( kaki ) , apple ( ringo ) and grape ( budō ) are examples of fruit that are used as autumn kigo .
27	salads typical salads are made of a fairly short list of ingredients : endless combinations of boiled beef or chicken , potato , beet , carrot , apple , herring , diced cheese , canned pea and corn , canned fish , ` crab fingers ' , onion and mushrooms , and are generously seasoned with mayonnaise or sunflower oil .
10	these three competing products by avid , adobe , and apple are the foremost nles , often referred to as the a-team .
13	the society is part of a world wide network which is conserving antique apple varieties and protecting them from extinction .
8	one of the first popular image editors was apple 's macpaint , companion to macdraw .
19	the current brick building has stood ever since , supported at some times through the sale of grass and apple from the church 's orchard in 1901 the parsonage was replaced with a new manse next to the church , which was itself expanded in 1920 and 1949 with wings consistent with its existing colonial stylings .
4	he later turned to apple farming .
19	he used acacia grove as a base for agricultural experiments , importing a wide variety of plants , especially apple varieties which he shared freely with area growers .
37	computer-based dvd ( digital versatile disk ) drives dvd recorder drives have become standard equipment in many , though not all , computer systems currently on the market , after being initially popularized by the pioneer / apple superdrive ; aftermarket drives as of early 2007 can cost as little as $ 23 .
7	as a result of a lawsuit by apple , gem was forced to remove the stacking capabilities .
27	the issue marked the eighth time jobs was featured on the cover of time , and included a photographic essay by diana walker , a retrospective on apple by harry mccracken and lev grossman , and a six-page essay by walter isaacson .
16	several economically important products come from the rosaceae , including many edible fruits ( such as apple , pear , quince , apricot , plum , cherries , peach , raspberries , loquat , and strawberries ) , almond , and ornamental trees and shrubs ( such as rose , meadowsweet , photinia , firethorn , rowan , and hawthorn ) .
22	nearly half of the dried fruits sold are raisin , followed by dates , prune , fig , apricot , peach , apple and pear .
12	by greco-roman times popular food plants of today , including grape , apple , fig , and olive , were being listed as named varieties in early manuscripts .
1	the apple slogan '' think different '' has been widely taken as a response to ibm 's think .
5	funding key investors include former apple european ceo , pascal cagny , former bbc director-general john birt , co-founder of games workshop and life president of eidos , ian livingstone , and chairman of retail group kingfisher and former chief executive officer of carrefour , daniel bernard .
31	appearance at shows recently , the companies or software products first given this nickname have set up a website and regularly schedule parties or meetups to coincide with events organised by apple such as macworld conference & expo or wwdc .
21	maitai was created by charles river ventures partner bill tai and annually features engineers , consultants , and venture capitalists from apple , facebook , and google among others .
12	following the transition to the cw , supernatural episodes were added to apple 's itunes store starting in december 2006 , being one of the first cw series to be made available for sale online .
17	these are categorised by the brewers as : single varietal cider , where only one type of apple is used .
12	this integrated unit resembled the original mac series , albeit redesigned to apple 's '' neoclassical '' design language of the era .
12	a novelization of the story is available as an e-book from both apple 's ibookstore service and amazon 's kindle store .
14	fruits are also greatly appreciated in egypt : mango , grape , banana , apple , sycamore , guava , and peach are very popular , especially because they are all domestically produced therefore are available in relatively low prices .
5	hyperedit is an application for apple 's mac os x developed by jonathan deutsch .
19	over 100 best buy express zoomshops have rolled out into airports and malls across the u.s. carrying products from apple and many other electronics brands .
99	this network reaches 98.5 % of people in australia and operates on the following frequencies : 2g ( 900 mhz ) 3g single band ( 2100 mhz ) 3g dual band ( 900 mhz & 2100 mhz ) 4g ( 1800 mhz ) 4g plus ( 2300 mhz ) products virgin mobile sell a number of telecommunications products : postpaid ( i.e. billed monthly ) mobile phone services prepaid mobile phone services postpaid ( i.e. billed monthly ) mobile broadband services prepaid mobile broadband services they offer a range of mobile phones with their plans , including products from apple , samsung , sony , htc , nokia and others .
7	ferraro created far side virtual with the apple audio software garageband , which brought out the '' cheap digital sound '' he desired , and called it a '' ( r ) ubbery plastic symphony for global warming , dedicated to the great pacific garbage patch .
7	they are credited with planting the first apple trees in denmark in the abbey garden .
13	romeo suicide by poison in romeo and juliet snow white ate a poisoned apple mingo swieter in ricarda huch 's 1917 novel , the deruga case ( curare ) vladimir harkonnen of dune unsuccessful poisoning of ron weasley in harry potter and the half-blood prince .
11	the 970 family was created through a collaboration between ibm and apple .
30	resources the part of the county in the annapolis valley comprises the agricultural heartland of the province and contains over 600 farm ; the area produces fruit crops , primarily apple .
10	'' his distinctive style is rumored to be immortalised by apple in the upcoming mac os x yosemite update by way of his own signature + l keyboard shortcut .
23	in 2011 , evolution produces five types of juice with the pascalization or high pressure process , orange , grapefruit , lemonade , apple and tangerine .
0	apple has proposed and implemented a closure syntax for c that solves the upwards funarg problem by dynamically moving closures from the stack to the heap as necessary .
3	agricultural products include apple , banana , barley , beans , cacao , coffee , maize , oat , peach , plantain , potato , rice , sugarcane and wheat .
3	projects include helping apple design the user-interface for applelink personal edition ( which became aol ) , hp with the design of the user interface for its halo telepresence system , kaiser permanente improve its online library for physicians and nurses , sabre revolutionize its graphical user-interface design for one-third of the world 's travel agents , livescribe with the first version of its smartpen , and sap 's with sustainability-oriented enterprise software .
8	tomato , okra , garlic , bean , apple , pear , grape are also grown for the villages own consumption .
11	the m4v file format is a video container format developed by apple and is very similar to the mp4 format .
4	considering the politics of apple products where technologies and intellectual property are carefully controlled , goggin finds that the iphone is similarly entangled in policies and practices that '' circumscribe and manage '' how users consume and adapt this technology .
12	he currently resides in san jose , california as a designer at apple , with his wife , lisa walter , and their three daughters , adrienne , cameron and deirdre .
6	it was originally developed for the apple macintosh and released in 1986 .
11	it was developed in the late 1980s and early 1990s by apple , who called it firewire .
1	after apple had secured another injunction against samsung tablet computers in germany , samsung had to pull the tab 7.7 from their booth including everything related like posters only one day after the first presentation .
17	icc profile specification version membership the eight founding members of the icc were adobe , agfa , apple , kodak , microsoft , silicon graphics , sun microsystems , and taligent .
4	discovery is a dessert apple cultivar .
32	prism gathers communications data on foreign targets from nine major u.s. internet-based communication service providers : microsoft , yahoo , google , facebook , paltalk , aol , skype , youtube and apple .
0	apple thinning : before ( at left ) after ( at right ) sugar beet thinning thinning is a term used in agricultural sciences to mean the removal of some plant , or parts of plants , to make room for the growth of others .
16	thus in many sub counties there are successful farmers engaged in the production of grape , apple , pear and peach .
21	susan kare ( born 1954 ) is an artist and graphic designer who created many of the interface elements for the apple macintosh in the 1980s .
35	the fertile flatlands southeast of the town of krško along the banks of the sava , known as the krško-brežice plain ( krško - brežiško polje ) , are used for vineyards as well as apple , pear , peach , apricot , and plum orchards .
7	macscan is an anti- malware utility for apple 's mac os x developed by securemac .
10	bohrer played the role of the '' counselor '' in apple 's '' get a mac '' ad campaign .
16	a freshening stream satisfied the water problem and irrigated a lush peach , pear , and apple orchard .
15	it consists of two hollow parts : a handle and a top , the so-called apple .
12	the larvae feed on birch , elm , alder , hazel , apple , crataegus , sorbus , willow , comptonia peregrina and quercus wislizenii .
41	for many people who visit farms , especially children , the visit marks the first time they see the source of their food , be it a dairy cow , an ear of corn growing in a field , or an apple they can pick right off a tree .
4	was released on the apple ios in 2009 .
29	operators such as at & t mobility can not offer their traditional services ( such as downloads of wallpapers , ringtones , games , applications , etc. ) as apple controls the total iphone user experience .
15	iphoto does not , however , provide the comprehensive editing functionality of programs such as apple 's own aperture , or adobe 's photoshop ( not to be confused with photoshop elements or album ) , or gimp .
22	aspall cider logo aspall is a manufacturer of cider ( which is always spelled as cyder in their branding ) and other apple derived products .
34	some industrial groups allow , and often encourage , their fans to remix their music , notably nine inch nails , whose website contains a list of downloadable songs that can be remixed using apple 's garageband software .