7	it was similar to a large wooden club with grooves in the side to hold the sharpened obsidian .
9	his iconographic attributes are the lion skin and the club .
22	within minutes , a north korean guard truck crossed the bridge and approximately 20 more north korean guards disembarked carrying crowbar and club .
7	; ( ; , ) a twin club type armament used by louis xiv of hexagone francaise .
16	; epigonation / palitsa ( greek '' over the knee '' ; slavonic палица , '' club '' ) : a stiff diamond-shaped cloth that hangs on the right side of the body ; it is suspended by one corner from a strap drawn over the left shoulder .
10	use as weapons beer bottles are sometimes used as makeshift club , for instance in bar fights .
8	the symbols are a uatogi ( a war club , epitomizing the government 's power ) and a fue ( a fly-whisk , representing the wisdom of traditional samoan leaders ) .
8	in the meantime , two men armed with club and net wait in the foyer to ensnare him , as three more men also watch from over the balcony .
12	this stone has been used by the great basin tribes for war club and pipes that are jet black with a high gloss when polished .
13	in ukrainian language , a buława or bulava is a mace or a club , in both the military and ceremonial senses .
6	in 1970 , a local blues club opened and flynn was inspired by the music provided there by luther allison , johnny littlejohn and mighty joe young .
4	she danced in small club along hollywood 's sunset strip , introducing herself to performers , managers , and agents .
23	the tour was divided into seven segments : check-in , mystic lounge , mystic garden , the onyx zone , security cameras , club and the encore .
18	pete 's candy store pete 's candy store is a new york city performing space , bar and club located in the williamsburg section of brooklyn .
22	he moved from jackson , mississippi to new orleans and ultimately to chicago , although by the mid-1940s his appearances in blues club had dwindled away .
20	in june 1993 , deandrea 's remixed version of '' secret love '' was released , it became a uk club hit and peaked at no. 41 .
32	the two have collaborated since 1993 under a variety of names , including axis , hitch hiker & jacques dumondt , and mike stone & steve heller , and have scored major club hits internationally , including a re-make of john paul young 's '' love is in the air '' .
22	junior vasquez , ( born donald paul mattern , august 24 , 1949 , lancaster , pennsylvania ) , is an american club dj and remixer / producer .
21	he performed infrequently until the early part of the 1990s , when he started a long residency at chicago 's smokedaddy club .
15	according to a 1997 billboard article , '' ( t ) he union of the club community and independent labels '' provided the experimental and trend-setting environment in which electronica acts developed and eventually reached the mainstream .
17	on 7 june 2007 , tziortziopoulos was released by aek athens and immediately signed with the cypriot club omonia nicosia .
17	they have also found in the dwellings well-preserved tools such as iron axe and sickle , wooden club , pottery urn and jars of preserved crops .
8	bk inter bratislava is a slovak professional basketball club founded in 1962 in the city of bratislava .
29	unlike list pr , stv can be used in elections in organizations without any political parties at all , such as in municipal non-partisan elections , trade union , club , and school .
8	s.s. folgore falciano calcio is a sanmarinese football club , based in the village of falciano in the castello of serravalle .
11	his band , avtomaticheskie udovletvoriteli , was a sort of underground club for dozen of local musicians , including kino 's late frontman , viktor tsoi , and tequilajazzz 's yevgeny fyodorov ( ) .
11	while at its simplest the throwing stick is just a heavy club thrown at the game , a well designed throwing stick uses the principles of an airfoil shape and gyroscopic stability ; the oldest of these dates back 200,000 years to ancient poland .
2	history the club was founded in 1891 by a group of young athletes living on the royal island djurgården in central stockholm .
13	the fraternal order of eagles building is a historic fraternal order of eagles club located in richmond , virginia .
6	it stated that often when the club offered promotions with gimmicks , dancers would be required to work without payment .