13	the game 's main designer and director is akira ueda , a former square graphic designer and a prominent contributor to the shining soul games .
5	tajiri was also influenced by square 's game boy game the final fantasy legend , noting in an interview that the game gave him the idea that more than just action games could be developed for the handheld .
28	in july 1986 , xtalsoft was among six other companies to form the disk original group , a collective publishing house for famicom disk system games headed by square for their part , xtalsoft developed sword of kalin under the disk original group .
12	concept and creation final fantasy x-2 marks the first soundtrack where former square composer nobuo uematsu did not contribute a single piece , despite having composed the majority of the soundtrack for the predecessor , final fantasy x , as he was already busy with other projects .
9	is a role-playing video game developed and published by square for the playstation 2 video game console .
22	chrono trigger : crimson echoes is a non-profit fangame project developed by the international team kajar laboratories as a rom hack of square 's role-playing video game chrono trigger for the super nintendo entertainment system .
21	overview falcom was one of the three most important japanese role-playing video game developers in the 1980s , alongside enix and square , both of which were influenced by falcom .
8	among the composers she grew familiar with were square employees hitoshi sakimoto , nobuo uematsu and kenji ito .
8	the game was released as a spin-off to square 's popular final fantasy series of video games .
14	despite having no software development knowledge , he applied at the game development company square and was hired in 1990 .
10	an equilateral quadrilateral is a rhombus , which includes the square as a special case .
6	there are one triangle , two square , and one hexagon on each vertex .
7	this enables geometries such as hexes , square and flats to be machined at faster speeds than by milling .
7	for example , any of the six square that bound a cube is a face of the cube .
20	in geometry , the snub cube , or snub cuboctahedron , is an archimedean solid with 38 faces : 6 square and 32 equilateral triangle .
8	the hypercube is prismatic ( product of two square , or of a cube and line segment ) , but is considered separately because it has symmetries other than those inherited from its factors .
10	the pentagonal cupola consists of 5 equilateral triangle , 5 square , 1 pentagon , and 1 decagon .
16	its current advisory board consists of marc benioff of salesforce , jack dorsey of twitter and square , reid hoffman of linkedin , and padmasree warrior of cisco , among others .
2	svg penrose square image : penrose pentagon .
17	pythagorean theorem the pythagorean theorem states that : in any right triangle , the area of the square whose side is the hypotenuse ( the side opposite the right angle ) is equal to the sum of the areas of the squares whose sides are the two legs ( the two sides that meet at a right angle ) .
9	across the street from the building there is a square with fountains and a single moriche palm tree , which was taken from the outskirts of the city and replanted there .
7	olof-palme-platz in berlin olof-palme-platz is a small square in central berlin next to berlin zoo , since 1991 named after the murdered swedish prime minister olof palme .
5	the title refers to a square on moscow 's boulevard ring near which the film 's main characters reside .
32	the name was jaguar 's idea , inspired in the italian folk-tale character pasquino , who , according to the legend , used to write and tell stories in a major public square .
14	the place du luxembourg ( french ) or luxemburgplein ( dutch ) is a square in the european quarter of brussels ( belgium ) .
8	its frontal façade creates the border of the square .
2	jpg arcos square .
1	this square had historically been the site of large protests , such as the violent suppression of the jeans revolution that took place after the disputed 2006 presidential election .
1	the square where the main entrance of lisbon zoo is located is named after him and his body was moved to the national pantheon alongside some former portuguese presidents .
6	markt is the name of a square in rosmalen , north brabant , netherlands .
9	54 can be written as the sum of three square in three different ways : .
18	so : fifth powers are also formed by multiplying a number by its fourth power , or the square of a number by its cube .
13	in number theory , the sum of the first n cube is the square of the n th triangular number .
16	he also proved that the area of a circle was equal to π multiplied by the square of the radius of the circle ( πr 2 ) .
5	in mathematics eighty-one is the square of 9 and the fourth power of 3 .
9	if n = 6 , then st is a square , and t 1/3 ≤ s ≤ t 3 .
18	the circulation around a closed curve c is the line integral : the dimension of circulation are length square , divided by time ; l 2 ⋅ t − 1 , which is equivalent to velocity times length .
38	there were numerous reasons why tatra designers took such a revolutionary approach to the conception of the new car : first of all it was the aim to reduce drag , mostly air-drag , which increases with the square of speed .
12	the only number which has 12 as its aliquot sum is the square 121 .
7	east valley school district encompasses approximately 100 square miles , extending from butler road east to the idaho border and from the spokane river north to the foothills of mount spokane .