11	the company 's previous owners had split up , causing the bank to offer the company in the leveraged buyout .
1	synopsis bank manager alan groombridge is bored with his tedious career and dull home life ; he dreams of one day stealing enough money from his employers so he can afford himself total freedom for a single year .
10	the building includes a police station , fire station , bank , and a local branch of the council for a beautiful israel that is planned to be an educational center for environmental studies .
9	robert moody ( 1838 -- 1915 ) , a bank , ranch , and academy trustee , built the moody hotel downtown to reflect on the future of the community .
8	naeemul haque is a pakistani politician and a bank who serves as the chief of staff of imran khan and a founding member of pakistan tehreek-e-insaf .
29	city of burbank the town grew steadily , weathering the drought and depression that hit los angeles in the 1890s and in 20 years , the community had a bank , newspaper , high school and a thriving business district with a hardware store , livery stable , dry goods store , general store , and bicycle repair shop .
18	entrepreneurship stakeholders may include government , school , universities , private sector , family business , investors , bank , entrepreneurs , social leaders , research center , military , labor representatives , student , lawyer , cooperatives , communes , multinationals , private foundation , and international aid agencies .
20	non-bank financial companies ( nbfcs ) are financial institution that provide banking services without meeting the legal definition of a bank , i.e. one that does not hold a banking license .
13	after leaving the presidential cabinet and his public life , he returned to bank , working in new york city .
13	knivsta has a small center , where there is a library , some bank , shop , restaurant , café and the knivsta railway station .
26	the street also became ottawa 's commercial hub in the late 19th and early 20th centuries and was home to a number of the city 's bank and the lumber companies of the ottawa valley , as well as '' the best shops , hotels , dining rooms , and theaters .
22	since there were many types of confederate notes as well as notes issued by the states of the confederacy , and since bank could issue their own notes , counterfeit was a major problem for the confederacy .
9	the street is also home to a number of bank and building societies .
1	this bank was operating in pembrokeshire , in wales during the early 19th century .
20	vadym petrovych hetman ( ; july 12 , 1935 -- april 22 , 1998 ) was a ukrainian statesman and bank .
15	banking privatbank , the core of the group , is one of the largest commercial bank of ukraine .
3	occupying a former bank , the store regularly stocks cds , vinyl records , and audio cassettes , both new and used .
36	coined in 2011 after the capital metropolitan transit authority started charging fares for disability fare card holders and senior citizens , it involves the act of going to a check cashing establishments , gas station , bank , grocery store or financial institution and converting paper money into rolls of pennies .
5	banque raiffeisen is a luxembourg bank and financial service company .
13	it is also tokyo 's financial district and the country 's three largest bank are headquartered there .
20	two types of capital are measured : tier one capital ( above ) , which can absorb losses without a bank being required to cease trading , and tier two capital ( above ) , which can absorb losses in the event of a winding-up and so provides a lesser degree of protection to depositors .
14	economy sottunga does not have many inhabitants and so the island has only one bank , one post office , one primary school and one healthcare center .
27	financial services are the economic services provided by the finance industry , which encompasses a broad range of organizations that manage money , including credit union , bank , credit card companies , insurance companies , accountancy companies , consumer finance companies , stock brokerages , investment funds , real estate funds and some government sponsored enterprise .
12	a financial district is the central area in some large cities where bank , insurance companies and other large corporation have head offices .
14	the company serves varied industry sectors , including government/public sector , educational institutions , bank , multinational corporation and other commercial organizations .
15	academics , practitioners , and regulator all recognize and agree that capital is required for bank to operate smoothly because capital provides protection .
12	in 2005 , grupo popular decided to concentrate its operation in its bank business and sold the company to a group of very well known dominican businessman headed by mr. ernesto izquierdo , current president of the company .
7	calling himself the looter , he struck bank and offices everywhere , gaining his current name .
4	the group includes a bank , insurance companies , foreign exchange bureaux , schools , radio stations , hotels and resorts .
15	homeguard v kiwi packaging ( 1981 ) 2 nzlr 322 is often cited regarding the bank of cheque tendered as full settlement of disputed accounts .
35	'' however , the quality of the waves changes seasonally and from year to year , as the sand and stones that make up the beach are chronically withdrawn by the sea to form a bank where the waves break .
14	history the mosque 's minaret was only added in 1985 situated on the southern bank of the singapore river , kampong malacca was designated for muslim by sir stamford raffles in his 1822 town plan .
45	at the junction , sr 109 curves north along the pacific ocean and passes ocean city , copalis beach , griffiths-priday state park , pacific beach and moclips before entering the quinault indian reservation and taholah to end at quinault street , located on the bank of the quinault river .
12	during the black hills expedition , several wagons became stuck at a bank .
11	riparian plants , such as populus fremontii , flank the creek bank .
11	cirsium vulgare as a weed c. vulgare , growing on the bank of the murrumbidgee river in wagga wagga , australia spear thistle is designated an '' injurious weed '' under the uk weeds act 1959 , and a noxious weed in australia and in nine us states .
33	after a second partial cloverleaf interchange with thompson avenue , sr 410 goes under a railroad trestle owned by bnsf railway and used by amtrak 's cascades rail service , near the northern bank of the puyallup river .
8	the trail goes east and follows the southern bank of the tar river , then at the confluence of the tar river and green mill run , turns south and follows the western edge of the tributary .
7	the kimitsu works sits on the north bank of the koito river where it empties in tokyo bay .
4	roaring creek has unstable bank in many places .
18	the house itself is a three - bay stone building , one-and-a-half stories tall , located on the bank of the licking river .
7	tarbell built his studio perched on the bank of the piscataqua river , ambling there each morning along gardens of peonies , iris and hollyhock .
9	singapore 's first market was located at the south bank of the singapore river .
4	vrhpolje is on the bank of the drina river .
7	the road gradually turns east along the bank of the columbia river , exiting east wenatchee into farmland and passing pangborn memorial airport , the busiest section of the entire route with a daily average of 35,000 vehicles in 2011 .
20	anastomosing channels are multithreaded , but are much more stable than braided channels and commonly have thick clay and silt bank and occur at lower gradients of stream bed .
18	the suffix over - in the street names derives from the german word ufer , meaning shore or bank .
12	power station the polgolla barrage , as seen from the left - bank downriver .
76	bridges there are several major bridges across the shing mun river : banyan bridge ( 翠榕橋 ) on fo tan road dragon bridge ( 錦龍橋 ) on sha tin road lion bridge ( 獅子橋 ) on lion rock tunnel road sandmartin bridge ( 沙燕橋 ) on sha tin rural committee road lek yuen bridge - a pedestrian bridge across the river channel pollution problem many buildings , including industrial and residential buildings , located at the bank of shing mun river .
0	bank ) is a kibbutz in northern israel .
13	sungei serangoon , with rivervale neighborhood of sengkang new town on its west bank in the background .
19	organic matter can also enter the lotic system already in the fpom stage by wind , surface runoff , bank erosion , or groundwater .
16	the other wing of the museum is located at the empress place building on the north bank of the singapore river .
13	the great fire of 1811 , which destroyed the buildings on the left bank of the tržiška bistrica river , changed the town .
11	tikitiki is a small town in waiapu valley on the north bank of the waiapu river in the gisborne region of the north island of new zealand .
80	since 1995 , it has been planned that the ndp would be held there for every five years , the main venue for that major event is at marina bay floating stadium ( formerly at the old national stadium ) history in june 1819 , modern founder of singapore , thomas stamford raffles instructed the first resident of singapore , william farquhar , to reserve the whole space within the old lines and the singapore river ( i.e. the northern bank ) for public purposes .
34	avalon is a suburb of lower hutt in new zealand , formed as a private residential development in the 1970s on land formerly occupied by market - garden on the left ( eastern ) bank of the hutt river .
34	the day of the press conference , john walsh stated that at the river either the men threw her into the water , or chiang attempted to escape but slipped on the icy river bank and drowned .
23	left-bank ukraine left-bank ukraine ( ; ; ) is a historic name of the part of ukraine on the left ( east ) bank of the dnieper river , comprising the modern-day oblast of chernihiv , poltava and sumy as well as the eastern parts of kiev and cherkasy .
9	for example , if waves pass over a sloping bank which is shallower at one end than the other , then the shoaling effect will result in the waves slowing more at the shallow end .