6	before the introduction of firearms , bow or crossbow were often used saint sebastian is usually depicted as executed by a squad of roman auxiliary archers in around 288 ad ; king edmund the martyr of east anglia , by some accounts , was tied to a tree and executed by viking archer on 20 november 869 or 870 ad .
0	bow of an msc container ship .
8	the pearl has no chase gun in her bow or stern .
45	within 30 minutes , a different , non-nuclear civilian construction group began an assignment to bring guitarro within a half-degree of trim ; this entailed the adding of water to tanks forward of the ship s pivot point to overcome a reported two-degree up - bow attitude .
19	lemonwood , purpleheart and hickory longbow , 20.4 kgf ( ) draw weight a longbow is a type of bow that is tall -- roughly equal to the height of the person who uses it ; this will allow its user a fairly long draw , at least to the jaw .
4	damage to wisconsin s bow from collision with on 6 may 1956 throughout april 1956 and into may , wisconsin operated locally off the virginia capes .
8	pram are usually short with transom at both bow and stern .
7	adherbal , conceding defeat , aimed his bow towards the african coast and fled the action .
27	pop mašina had an attractive on-stage appearance : božinović was one of the first former yugoslav guitarists that played long guitar solos , played guitar with a bow and behind his back .
8	the swallowtail 's were even used in the bow of the ships ' sloop when they carried a director of the company .
16	men waded from the shallow waters in the bays to the deep pools with lance or bow and arrow , to spear fish .
26	tactics effective tactics varied greatly , depending on : weapons ancient weapons included the spear , the atlatl with light javelin or similar projectile , the bow and arrow , the sling ; polearm such as the spear , falx and javelin ; hand-to-hand weapons such as sword , spear , clubs , maces , axe , and knives .
9	in august 1996 haynie lost two violins and a bow , when a lightning-induced fire burnt tim austin 's doobie shea studios to the ground .
46	another feature in rise and fall is '' hero mode , '' which allows the player to temporarily take control of a hero , as if in a third-person shooter game ; certain heroes for instance , cleopatra can zoom in further than others with their bow , allowing the player to aim as if in a first-person shooter game .
42	the three stars in the constellation 's center , which form orion 's belt in western mythology , are the two brothers ; the orion nebula above them is the forbidden fish ; and the bright stars betelgeuse and rigel are the bow and stern of the canoe .
41	a maximum of four of these are strung over the fret , while the rest are strung lengthwise down the sides of the neck and are strummed with the fingers in accompaniment to the primary melody which is played with a bow .
36	bows heads of three violin bows : ( upper ) transitional ( f. tourte ) , swan-bill head of a long 18th-century model , pike-head of a 17th-century model a violin is usually played using a bow consisting of a stick with a ribbon of horsehair strung between the tip and frog ( or nut , or heel ) at opposite ends .
5	he then picks up a bow and comes to a table occupied by a sleeping hefty patron .
13	he is dressed in full armor from hear to toe , with a bow and quiver on his back and a helmet on his head .
37	four directions 2010 moscow victory day parade parades consist of four directions : the advance is the primary direction of movement , regardless of which direction the soldiers are actually facing ( similar to a ship 's bow .
26	in throwing something to your companion , you will need no more force to get it to him whether he is in the direction of the bow or the stern , with yourself situated opposite .
22	when boat electrofishing , the boat itself is the cathode , and the anode ( s ) are generally mounted off the bow .
16	she denies him , claiming she will never marry a man who can not use a bow and arrow any better than she .
6	the torpedo blew off firelight s bow but she remained afloat and put into great yarmouth the next day .
23	each mt ( nicknamed barchini or '' little boats '' ) carried a 300 kg ( 660 lb ) explosive charge in its bow .
3	specific seasons for bow hunting or muzzle-loading black-powder guns are often established to limit competition with hunters using more effective firearms .
13	hydrodynamics hydrodynamics concerns the flow of water around the ship 's hull , bow , stern and over bodies such as propeller blades or rudder , or through thruster tunnels .
20	also , unlike any other warship in the japanese navy , she had two chrysanthemum crest due to her unusual bow configuration .
21	description the practitioner lies on the belly , grasps the feet , and lifts the legs into the shape of a bow .
14	pentozali music is instrumental : the main tune is played by the pear-shaped , bow cretan lyre , to the accompaniment of a lute , played not in a melodic but in a percussive-like fashion .
1	her bow was crafted by françois tourte .
10	class torpedo boats was located in a turret near the bow .
1	the bow has to be tilted to switch from one string to another .
5	in 1956 , kentucky s bow was removed and used in the repair of , which had been damaged in a collision with the destroyer on 6 may 1956 .
64	in times of crises , the small host ( oastea mică ) -- which consisted of around 10,000 to 12,000 men -- stood ready to engage the enemy , while the large host ( oastea mare ) -- which could reach up to 40,000 -- had all the free peasantry older than 14 , and strong enough to carry a sword or use the bow , recruited .
8	on many coins kanishka appears to have a bow , but this interpretation is debatable .
30	the tanker proceeded towards algeciras after the collision , where it was secured , with its cargo of 39,000 tons of fuel , whilst new flame took water by the bow .
33	the gold used in the coins was of very high quality with a purity of 95.83 % and it bore the image of the persian king or a great warrior armed with a bow and arrow .
1	the bow is broken off just forward of the aircraft hangar .
4	ysaÿe also employed virtuoso bow and left hand techniques throughout , for he believed that '' at the present day the tools of violin mastery , of expression , technique , mechanism , are far more necessary than in days gone by .
14	in its function , an atlatl dart is more like a combination between a bow and an arrow .
1	the bow and stern of the ship are elaborately decorated with complex woodcarvings in the characteristic '' gripping beast '' style , also known as the oseberg style .
8	some eubs can not be used with a bow because of the large radius of the fingerboard and the flatness of the bridge .
9	he is known for his use of a cello bow on guitar and his falsetto or countertenor voice .
20	a popular ecotourism destination in the area is cabo de la vela missionary history wayuus carrying a rifle and traditional bow and arrow .
26	after a section where the melody is accompanied quietly with fast running notes , it returns as a series of chords , alternately played with the bow and plucked .
3	first , the bow was removed and retained in the drydock while the rest of the ship was floated out .
7	tampico suffered four more hits to her bow , and one struck underneath the waterline .
1	this bow can be bought at 10-40 or 20-50 pounds draw weight .
14	when at anchor or alongside , it is flown from the jackstaff at the bow of the ship .
8	uitti invented a radically extended technique using two bow simultaneously in one hand - being the first to transform the cello into a 4 part chordal instrument .
1	; bow : the front section of a shell ; the first section of the shell to cross the finish line .
31	one teammate had to stand on the flat stern , known as the '' cambridge end '' , propelling the boat through the river , while their teammate stood on the bow , known as the '' oxford end '' , and wave a small union jack .
23	while approximately east of kiska at on 5 july , she was hit amidships by a torpedo fired by , which severed her bow , killing 10 crewmen .
13	the main armament consisted of one breech-loading 320-mm canet gun mounted in the bow of the ship ( in the stern in the case of matsushima ) , which could fire 450-kg armor-piercing or 350-kg explosive shells at an effective range of 8000 meters .
1	jpg bow of the vessel file : 6 arrival of thor - icelandic coast guard 2011-10-27 reykjavik .
5	'' archery tournament '' ( bow and crossbow ) .
9	another less common technique is bowfishing using a regular bow or a crossbow .
24	he is the most adaptable playable character and can use a two-handed sword , a sword and shield , dual wield weapons or a bow .
15	the connemara however was terribly ripped below the waterline on the port side , from bow to amidships .
26	she reached what had been once her regular port of call , but not before a shore battery at new brighton had put shots across her bow when she failed to give a satisfactory answer to questioning signals .
8	xebecs featured a distinctive hull with pronounced overhanging bow and stern , and rarely displaced more than 200 ton , making them slightly smaller and with slightly fewer guns than frigate of the period .
12	the keel runs in the middle of the ship , from the bow to the stern , and serves as a basic foundation or spine of the structure , providing the major source of structural strength of the hull .
6	he sometimes plays using a cello bow .
12	history simple non-coiled springs were used throughout human history e.g. , the bow ( and arrow ) .
28	men generally entered the boat by climbing down a cargo net hung from the side of their troop transport ; they exited by charging down the boat 's bow ramp .
42	she has a 60-foot ( 18.3-meter ) telescopic boom with a lifting capacity of 6,250 pounds ( 2,835 kg ) aft and a 23-foot ( 7-meter ) fixed boom with a lifting capacity of 1,000 pounds ( 454 kg ) at her bow .
18	this blind spot is caused by the need to insulate the sonar array , commonly mounted near the bow , from the noise of the vessel 's machinery .
10	the design came with a ram attached to the reinforced bow , which was standard practice for the time .
14	battles were fought with weapons like the sword , sling , spear , and bow and arrow .
32	the dutch ice yacht is a flat-bottomed boat resting crosswise upon a plank about three feet wide and sixteen long , to which are affixed four steel runners , one each at bow , stern and each end of the planking .
9	the combination of the horse-mounted warrior armed with a bow made the steppe people 's armies the most powerful military force in asian history .
19	sketch by leonardo da vinci , c. 1500 a crossbow is a type of weapon , based on the bow , consisting of a horizontal bow-like assembly mounted on a stock , that shoots projectiles called bolts or quarrel .
34	is italian for crossbow , and it is likely that the balestra crest of a crossbow lent its name to the adjacent alley '' via dell ` archetto '' ( archetto being italian for bow ) .
23	in addition , given the experience with deployment of japanese destroyers for extended periods overseas in world war i , the hull and bow needed to be reinforced to handle heavy seas .
5	the damage to ariel s bow was so serious that she had to be towed into port .
3	expert with the bow , naginata and nunchaku .
19	'' kohl describes the sagamore as a long shipwreck of with impressive triple tow rings mounted on her blunt-nosed bow , wide open hatches for easy access , and comfortable ambient lighting for swimming inside her hull .
6	skilled with javelin , spear and bow , she was an excellent horsewoman and commanded her own battalion .
6	willis considered that the tweed s bow shape was responsible for its notable performance , and this form seems to have been adopted for cutty sark .
27	in the holy land , turcopoles were more lightly armored than the knights and sergeants ( mounted men at arms ) , being armed with lance and bow to help combat the more mobile muslim forces .
10	the vessels were equipped with six torpedo tubes ( four bow and two stern ) of 533 mm ( 21 in ) caliber .
8	on the ground floor , the display of bow and arrow in the first room is followed by sections containing the weapons and other regalia of the cavalry , curved dagger and lancet carried by foot soldiers in the 15th century , 17th century copper head armor for horses and ottoman shields carried by the janissaries , and sections devoted to selim i , mehmet the conqueror , the conquest of istanbul , weaponry from the early islam , iran , caucasia , europe and turkish periods .
15	they were equipped with four 18 inch ( 460 mm ) torpedo tubes at the bow , two on either beam and another pair in a swivel mounting on the superstructure for night use .
24	on 6 may , the battleship collided with the destroyer in a heavy fog ; wisconsin put into norfolk with extensive damage to her bow , and one week later entered dry dock at the norfolk naval shipyard .
7	this put the ship right across the bow of the submarine , which fired three torpedoes .
13	her remains are intact and upright and divers especially enjoy exploring her intact bow cabins .
10	this was sometimes the concertmaster , who could use his bow as a baton , or a lute who would move the neck of his instrument in time with the beat .
6	the typical junk has a square-ended bow and stern , a flat-bottomed hull or carvel-shaped hull with no keel or sternpost , and solid transverse bulkheads in the place of structural ribs found in western seacrafts .
10	analysis the work portrays the two men holding each a bow , while the shotgun was the more popular choice of weapon at the time .
13	multiwa is hysteria 's niece and buldont 's cousin , skilled with a bow that can become a sword .
28	crossing the t , employed by horatio nelson , entailed cutting across the enemy 's line of battle to enable broadside to be fired through the enemy 's bow or stern along the whole length of the ship , with every shot likely to cause the maximum carnage .
21	each member in the party is specialized in one of the five weapon groups and they are sword , sabre , bow , axe and spear .
23	lee is well known for his authentic research , which includes killing a buffalo from the back of a galloping horse with a bow and arrow , crossing the green river many times on horseback , and riding with mongolia nomads while gathering research for an upcoming book .
42	stormy weather in the bay of biscay in 1900 caused the captain of gaulois to complain that the ship 's forward gun turret and casemate were flooded out and that the ship generated enormous sheets of spray when water came over the bow .
20	this greatly increased the mobility of the nomads ; it also freed their hands , allowing them to use the bow from horseback .
45	morgan lewis h. morgan , an anthropologist whose ideas have had much impact on sociology , in his 1877 classic '' ancient societies '' differentiated between three eras : savagery , barbarism and civilisation , which are divided by technological inventions , like fire , bow , pottery in savage era , domestication of animals , agriculture , metalworking in barbarian era and alphabet and writing in civilisation era .
20	in this story , the elves of gondolin use mail armour , sword , shield , spear , axe and bow , which is consistent with northern european warfare .
7	the stern section sank , while the bow continued to drift in the wind .
6	phoenix had six tubes in the bow and two tubes at the stern .
0	bow and arrow used in warfare .
10	a fourth tug secured a line to the ship 's bow .
11	during the kurukshetra war , the weapons used included : the bow , the weapon of choice for arjuna , bhishma , drona , karna , satyaki , vikarna and abhimanyu ; the mace , chosen by bhima and duryodhana , the spear , chosen by yudhistira and shalya ; the sword chosen by nakula , dushasana , dhristadymna and other kauravas ; and the axe chosen by sahadeva .
1	a bow 's cast is the distance it can shoot an arrow in archery .
18	it is set up in a triangular format so that the end portion of each string can be bow .
53	overview the two supporters represent the unity between native americans and colonists : dexter , a sailor colonist holds a plummet -- a navigational tool -- in his right hand , while over his right shoulder is a cross-staff ; sinister , a lenape native to manhattan rests his left hand upon a bow .
1	the bow is the most prominent portion of the wreck with the stern damaged from depth charging in the second world war as well as the removal of three of the four propellers by oceaneering international in 1982 .
26	the israeli commander , david maimon , ordered the ships to cross the t so that the starboard side of his ships would be facing the bow of the egyptian vessel .
2	at the bow resides a thwart to support the mast which passes through a hole in its center to the mast step mounted on the center line of the boat .
1	the bow used was fitted with coarse black horsehair , which produced sound by friction .
44	within approximately 2 miles ( 3 km ) , to the west of alqosh , lies the well known ruin of shayro meliktha which is marked in the iraqi ruins map as a temple carrying a carving of sennacherib aiming an arrow from his bow .
22	the first detonated beneath the ship and knocked out nos. 2 and 3 boiler rooms and the second blew the ship 's bow off shortly afterwards .
32	she continued in these duties until february 1945 , when she collided with a landing craft during a voyage from walcheren to the united kingdom , injuring one rating and holing her bow , requiring her to undergo several weeks of repairs .
20	bowed guitar is a method of playing a guitar , acoustic or electric , in which the guitarist uses a bow to play the instrument , similar to playing a cello or a viola da gamba .
13	the stem is the most forward part of a boat or ship 's bow and is an extension of the keel itself .
3	all had two bow torpedo tube and two torpedo , and were equipped with a deck-mounted machine gun .
14	their armament consists of spear with iron-head , a large sword , and a bow with arrows , tipped with poison ( umiyu ) on it .
58	archery competition in west germany in the early 1980s a rikbaktsa archer competes at brazil 's indigenous games tibet archer , 1938 master heon kim demonstrating gungdo , traditional korean archery ( kuk kung ) , 2009 archer in east timor archery is the art , practice , or skill of propelling arrow with the use of a bow , from latin arcus .
5	meanwhile , construction of the bow lower block 1 was carried out at appledore , north devon , and was completed in march 2010 .
10	-lcb- the bambuti use large net , trap , and bow and arrows to hunt game .
25	the resulting shape of the submerged part of the hull in this condition usually creates a force ( a turning moment ) that pushes the bow to weather so that it is necessary to pull the tiller to weather to counteract this force .
15	they also used other implements such as the round shield ( chimalli ) , the bow ( tlahuītōlli ) , and the spear-thrower ( atlatl ) .
11	with this technique more pressure than usual is needed on the bow , so this can not be practiced in softer passages .
19	in the mesolithic age , antler and animal skull were used for jewelry and burial sites , and the bow began common and hunt for all game types begun .
4	knowles next brandishes a bow and fires arrows at a cameraman who 's strapped to a rotating dart board .
12	a sleeker front bow-like look emerged , similar to a ship 's bow with the front end being gently swept back from the center .
16	armament the r - class were the first royal navy submarines to be fitted with six bow torpedo tubes , number of torpedoes being considered more important than range or size of warhead carried when attacking u-boats .
5	a fighter equipped with a bow or a magician with spells can attack from a distance .
44	lewis h. morgan lewis h. morgan , an anthropologist whose ideas have had much impact on sociology , in his 1877 classic ancient societies differentiated between three eras : , barbarism and civilization , which are divided by technological inventions , like fire , bow , pottery in the savage era , domestication of animals , agriculture , metalworking in the barbarian era and alphabet and writing in the civilization era .
31	the missions of the light cavalry were primarily reconnaissance , screening , skirmishing , raiding , and most importantly , communications , and were usually armed with spear , sword , bow and later carbine .
5	tlahhuītōlli : the aztec war bow , constructed from the wood of the tepozan tree , about five feet long and stringed with animal - sinew .
19	several attempts were made to salvage her over the next month by attaching hawsers to the eye-ring on the bow , but her stern was too deeply embedded in the mud and the hawsers parted without pulling her out .
17	to combat german e-boat , a qf 6-pounder gun was mounted at the very tip of the bow in 1944 .
16	arjuna abandoning gandiva after the kurukshetra war the gandiv ( iast : ; ) is the bow of arjuna , the hero of the hindu epic mahabharata .
27	its four principle bottom planks were arranged one besides the other in a way that the first plank forms the stern and the last one forms the bow .
10	in addition , saltwater ballast tank were located in the bow and the stern of milazzo .
14	to avoid damaging the keel during transport , hypozomata , thick ropes running from bow to stern , to reduce sagging and hogging of the hull , must have been used .
38	the 1866 battle of lissa , in which ramming had proven an important tactic , was influential in ship design for 40 years , and his 1869 design called for the ship to have an iron spur ram bow .
15	the general shape of the hull appears wider at the stern and narrower at the bow ; in fact , the main section is not amidships but is displaced towards the stern .
16	early on in the engagement two 57 mm shells from schiff 221 hit stegg in the bow , set her ablaze and caused water to start flooding the torpedo boat .
49	on the belt sometimes is possible to distinguish a buckle in the middle or thongs hanging from it with sometimes attached bag , a round metal pocket mirror , knife , comb , sometimes also is shown ( male statues ) a dagger or a straight sword , a bow , a ` kolchan ' ( quiver ) , a hook , an axe .
15	elastic potential energy is the potential energy of an elastic object ( for example a bow or a catapult ) that is deformed under tension or compression ( or stressed in formal terminology ) .
16	the ship was equipped with two small hotchkiss cannons , one of 65 mm on the bow and another of 47mm on the stern .
13	the string ensemble consists of two groups : chamber blues , made of bow instruments , and a larger group called men in black that includes guitars .
1	the bow and the crossbow was used by the conquistadors for hunting and warfare when firearms or gunpowder were unavailable because of economic hardships or isolation .
8	combat archery combat archery allows the introduction of bow and crossbow to heavy weapons combat .
24	these were designated ` a ' , ` b ' , ` q ' , ` x ' , and ` y ' from bow to stern .
4	flasher then fired four bow torpedoes from , but all missed .
13	the basic weapon of the indian warrior was the short , stout indian bow , designed for use on horseback and deadly , but only at short range .
18	because the egyptian ships were facing one another , bin-nun decided that abramov and vardi would attack the bow of the emir farouk and the minesweeper , respectively .
29	his family belongs to ahari tribe and because of poverty , limba ram was used to hunt bird like sparrow , partridge and animal in jungle with his indigenous bow ( made of bamboo wood ) and reed arrow .
19	canoes used for creeking usually have higher volume ( more gallons or liters of displacement ) and more rounded bow and stern , as these features provide an extra margin of safety ' against the likelihood of pinning , and will resurface more quickly and controllably when coming off larger drops .
8	the kyl kyyak is played vertically with a bow and can be played on horse .
26	weapons the immortals were equipped with some of the finest weapons of their day , including spear , sword , mace , dagger , and cane bow .
44	by contrast , the one thousand heavily armored parthian cataphract rode bard horses and carried long heavy lance ( kontos ) , the reach and power of which exceeded the gallic spear , while the 9,000 parthian mounted archers were equipped with a compound bow far superior to that used in europe , with arrows continually replenished by foot soldiers from a camel train .
8	for instance , it is clear that the bow is held underhand ( with the palm upwards ) , unlike the technique used for the modern cello or violin .
22	the game follows a rock-paper-scissors mechanism in which axe beat lance , lances beat sword , and swords beat axes ; the bow in the game is not a part of any weapon triangle , but is especially effective against flying units .
4	the explosion blew the bow off the ship , killing 65 and injuring 15 more of her crew .
13	gungsul , also written goongsul , literally means '' the craft of the bow .
6	e49 now lies down with her bow blown off .
6	'' the addition qeshet means '' bow , arch '' and refers to a method of '' always striking with an arched limb in a looping , elliptical , or circular manner '' .
10	the british fired a warning shot across his ship 's bow , to which he responded with a full broadside .
13	replacement by the arrow in europe , the atlatl was supplemented by the bow and arrow in the epi-paleolithic .
22	its predecessor of the same name ( 1898 -- 1960 ) was the first icebreaker in europe with a propeller in the bow and stern .
5	their only weapons were the bow , adze , and wooden harpoon .
26	shortly after the 1880 new year the sons of the owner of gokstad farm , having heard of the legends surrounding the site , uncovered the bow of a boat and its painter while digging in the still frozen ground .
43	for example , instruments such as keyboard and percussion require the player to swing the controllers as if striking drums ; and some string instrument such as the violin and the guitar are played by moving the wii remote as if drawing a bow or strum the strings , while the nunchuk is held as if the gripping the instrument 's neck and fingerboard .
21	haverford , headed from philadelphia to liverpool with passengers , struck the cargo ship on the port side , from the bow .
4	history camperdown s damaged bow after her 22 june 1893 collision with battleship .
4	the armor extended from bow to stern , and descended at the sides to below her waterline , with a thickness of over her critical systems and ammunition magazines .
20	the steel was melted down at amite foundry and machine in amite , louisiana , to cast the ship 's bow section .
19	traditionally , they are brightly painted in shades of yellow , red , green and blue , and the bow is normally pointed with a pair of eyes .
39	the accusation centered on the fact that the corporation had not yet purchased a ship , which had appeared in a bsl brochure emblazoned with the name '' phyllis wheatley '' ( after the african-american poet ) on its bow .
8	as to whether or not zopyros was his bow carrier , there is no mention of that information .
3	aila uses a bow as her weapon and bears a shield rune and an earth rune .
15	in attempting to avoid a salvo from glasgow , cabot crossed andrew doria ' s bow , forcing biddle 's brig onto a port tack which avoided collision but took her away from the action .
50	bear of britain , a farr 52 with masthead spinnaker in front of calshot spit a spinnaker is a special type of sail that is designed specifically for sailing off the wind from a reaching course to a downwind , i.e. with the wind 90 ° -- 180 ° off bow .
30	morgan 's concept of three major stages of social evolution ( savagery , barbarism , and civilization ) can be divided by technological milestones , such as fire , the bow , and pottery in the savage era , domestication of animals , agriculture , and metalworking in the barbarian era and the alphabet and writing in the civilization era .
24	proa characteristics the defining feature of the proa is that the vessel '' shunts '' when it changes tacks ; the stern becomes the bow and vice versa .
16	in a three-masted , square-sail carrying ship , the masts , given their standard names in bow to stern ( front to back ) order , are : sprit topmast : a small mast set on the end of the bowsprit ( discontinued after the early 18th century ) ; not usually counted as a mast , however , when identifying a ship as '' two masted '' or '' three masted '' fore-mast : the first actual mast , or the mast fore of the main-mast sections : fore-mast lower -- fore topmast -- fore topgallant mast main-mast : the tallest mast , usually located near the center of the ship sections : main-mast lower -- main topmast -- main topgallant mast -- royal mast ( if fitted ) mizzen-mast : the third mast , or the mast immediately aft of the main-mast .
1	the bow and beakhead of the 17th century warship vasa seen from above .
8	archer : a long ranged unit with a bow and arrow that plays like a third-person shooter .
21	the and 64-pounder guns were mounted on the centreline as pivot gun while the two 20-pounder guns were mounted at the bow and stern as chase gun .
1	the bow post distinguishes the caïque from other mediterranean working boats .
19	the latter is associated with her skill as an archer , and although she does not receive a physical bow , she recalls some advice given to her by michiru kaioh -- '' ( if ) you think you 're being taken advantage of by the enemies , stretch a line taut in your soul .
18	ted and fred , having previously filled the casket with gasoline , start shooting fiery arrows from a bow at the casket .
26	though the iraqi air invasion surprised the iranians , the iranian air force retaliated with an attack against iraqi military bases and infrastructure in 99 ( bow 99 ) .
9	diving planes are usually fitted in pairs , the bow planes at the front of the submarine and the stern planes at the rear .
1	the bow area of the boat contains the windlass and portions of the starboard railings remain unharmed .
8	the strings are sounded either by drawing the bow across them ( arco ) , or sometimes by plucking them ( pizzicato ) .
10	the u-boat then began to take on water from the bow area ; the submarine was almost vertical before slipping beneath the waves and getting caught on inverlyon s fishing net .
45	with such a range of work and use in such varied circumstances , standard procedures for loading varied too ; loads could be lowered into rcls from ships ' davits or derricks , or , if from land , simply driven or carried over the bow ramp .
22	she was launched on 12 december 1708 and measured along her gundeck , had a beam of and drew from at the bow , to at the stern .
1	the bow was usually constructed with wood or steel , depending on the preference .
19	and the third , consisting of about five heinkel he 111 , bore down on the convoy 's port bow , lansdale s station .
13	the term is derived from a mi'kmaq word meaning '' bends like a bow '' .
4	hooke ran a violin bow along the edge of a plate covered with flour and saw the nodal patterns emerge .
11	on 27 december 1914 monarch rammed suffering moderate damage to her bow , she received temporary repairs at scapa flow before proceeding to devonport for full repairs , she rejoined her sister-ships on 20 january 1915 , was also seriously damaged in this collision .
4	the terms prow and bow are often used interchangeably to describe the most forward part of a ship and its surrounding parts .
31	in his travelogue , he recorded that the fujian mariners knew about these two rock outcrops as long ya men , because they reminded them of the two pegs at the bow of their ships .
3	both ships ' bow were completely blown off and adverse weather conditions in the straits made the towing effort exceedingly difficult with both ships sailing stern - first , but after twelve hours of effort both ships managed to reach the corfu harbor .
15	it begins with minogue dressed in a black outfit and pink umbrella dancing on the bow of the yacht .
1	the bow appears in the upper paleolithic and is likewise only gradually replaced by the crossbow , and eventually firearm , in the common era .
12	the larger boats had three mast - steps ; one at the bow , one amidships and one in between .
21	the obverse of the mark pieces shows a sitting lion where the dollar pieces depict a san ( bushman ) with bow and arrow .
10	specifically , there is larger mast stepped at the very bow , and a smaller mast further aft .
12	several new design innovations were incorporated in flint , including a bulbous bow for better streamlined hull .
7	three polar bear approach honolulu s starboard bow while she is on the surface 280 nautical miles ( 519 kilometers ) from the north pole .
1	the bow was the most widely used weapon of the persians .
15	the target took on a 30 ° list and began to go down by the bow .
12	thomas tracy attempted to make an emergency turn to starboard but her bow soon plowed into valcour s starboard side , rupturing an aviation gasoline fuel tank .
30	a cape island style fishing boat is an inshore motor fishing boat found across atlantic canada having a single keel flat bottom at the stern and more rounded towards the bow .
26	after the release of ágætis byrjun , the band became well known for jónsi 's signature style of reverb accentuated guitar work using a cello 's bow .
3	bordelon s port bow and some of the superstructure were damaged and the main mast snapped and fell on the signal shack , injuring some of the handling team .
26	a southport boat can be told apart from others in its class due to its wide beam , reverse transom and tumblehome aft , a clipper bow , and a '' continuously variable deep vee hull beginning at 22 degrees at the transom .
27	the heroes fought with craston and kaeg to protect rebecca from albion , from which they recovered the sword of the mahentoy ( cyclopes ) and the bow of the encantada ( fairies ) .
15	the sailing warship was immensely powerful on its sides , but very weak on its bow and stern .
29	in italian it is called either manico or tasto , the latter especially in the phrase sul tasto , a direction for bowed string instruments to play with the bow above the fingerboard .
2	jpg the bow of the frigate .
34	wounded sailors from express are transferred to kelvin whilst heading for this german force the flotilla ran into a newly laid , uncharted minefield and express was badly damaged , losing most of her bow .
39	the idol has an old fashioned shaping , i.e. , the face cutting is of a longish pattern ; it has large eyes spread up to the ears and the four hands display conch , discus , shaft and bow respectively .
30	the jo , like its larger sibling the bō ( long staff ) , was never an effective weapon on the battlefield in comparison to the sword , spear and bow just to name a few .
10	māori were unusual in having no distance weapons such as bow or sling , so all fighting took place at close range .
15	each boat , called by the italians ) , carried of explosive charge inside its bow .
13	'' design arrowheads are attached to arrow shafts to be shot from a bow ; similar types of projectile points may be attached to a spear and '' thrown '' by means of an atlatl ( spear thrower ) .
34	space in the sandolo is limited , with enough room for one oarsman , aft , and two passengers on the main seat , and two more passengers sitting on small stools towards the bow .
22	as was standard siege technique at the time , ballistae were placed up in the towers with other soldiers armed with either bow or slings .
10	the tack of the sail may be attached at the bow like a genoa but is frequently mounted on a bowsprit , often a retracting one .
24	the term , '' before the mast '' refers to sailors ' quarters , which were located in the forecastle ( the ship 's bow ) , officers ' quarters being near the stern .
29	sturgeon returned to sea for local operations from 17 july to 1 october 1973 , when she entered the portsmouth naval shipyard at kittery , maine , to effect bow repairs .
20	changes by august bohlin ( 1877 -- 1949 ) in 1929/1930 made the nyckelharpa a chromatic instrument with a straight bow , making it a more violin - like and no longer a bourdon instrument .
11	he supports the shield with his right hand and holds a bow over his left shoulder .
9	the battered miztec dropped her anchors , swung her bow to the seas , and survived the storm .
8	besides inscriptions armors of deceased person sculptures -- bow , arrow , sword , shield , quiver and others were also portrayed on .
24	tack is the alignment of a sailing vessel with respect to the wind when moving upwind : that is , when the vessel 's bow is pointed within 90 degrees of the wind .
10	they are usually painted in bright colors , while the bow has a pair of eyes .
6	soldiers exited by the boat 's bow ramp .
6	the wind forced the ship 's bow around to the southwest .
20	) lymphocytes t : the same sort of craft but with a large uppercase t on the underbelly at the bow .
10	the music video features not by choice performing at the bow of a ship while a beauty contest is taking place .
3	it had the bow altered to achieve an ice-clearing capability ( 20 ° raise from keel line ) .
6	but with its scythes , or bow ( for a violin ) , it could most likely be instrument - designed , like its pre-evolution , kricketot .
20	as the road runner watches from a cliff , wile e. is at another cliff , attempting to use a bow to shoot himself straight at the road runner .
21	as was standard siege technique at the time , small ballistae were placed in the towers with other troops armed with bow or sling .
14	she rode out a fierce storm on 5 and 6 june that wrenched the bow off the cruiser pittsburgh .
6	most boats rise outwards at the bow and stern , so a boat may be quite a bit longer than its waterline length .
30	the principals used to produce notes are similar to those for a metal jaw harp , but wooden jaw harps are often much larger in size , resembling a simple bow .
16	those six arms bear a bell , a vajra , an unopened lotus flower , a bow , arrow , and one holding something that we can not see ( only advanced esoteric practitioners know what that thing is .
7	, which means '' way of the bow '' , is the modern name for japanese archery .
1	the bow is drawn horizontally across the strings .
23	charles claude husson - ( b. 1847 ) in mirecourt ( vosges ) ( d. 1915 ) was an influential french archetier / bow maker .
1	the bow is attached to the rest of the hull only by some pieces of the b-deck .
12	'' other weapons training at this time also included the javelin , bow , throwing stone , sling and ' martiobarbuli ' -- usually reconstructed as weighted darts or small javelins .
13	before their adoption of guns , the plains indians hunted with spear , bow , and bows and arrows , and various forms of clubs .
8	the instrument is normally played with a cello bow .
21	latter is an archery sport in which a long arrow ( pashto : ghashay ) is used along with a long bow ( pashto : leenda ) .
5	amber frog on a violin bow , made by keith peck in 1996/97 .
49	on 31 august 1940 she and her sister ship rendered assistance to royal navy ships that had struck mines in the north sea off the coast of the netherlands , rescuing the survivors of the sunken destroyer and standing by the badly damaged destroyer , which had lost her bow in a mine explosion , until tugs arrived to tow her to safety .
10	the force of the impact blew off of her forward bow and forecastle .
16	the turret rangefinders on prince of wales could not be used because of spray over the bow and fire was instead directed from the rangefinders in the control tower .
4	his design retained conventional bow and stern instead of the upswept conoid '' snout '' of the whaleback .
16	yms-103 , in an attempt to rescue survivors , struck two mines , blowing off her bow and stem .
12	tree nearby provided wood for posts for house walls and stockades , bow and arrow shafts , bowl and spoon , and firewood .
17	with the increasing wealth from mining , mercenary knights were recruited to complement noble cavalry armed with bow and lance .
29	besson ( brass instrument ) buffet crampon ( woodwind ) karl höfner ( stringed instruments and guitar ) julius keilwerth ( saxophone ) roderich paesold ( stringed instruments and bow ) rico international ( reed and accessories ) w. schreiber & söhne ( woodwinds ) jakob winter ( cases ) as of 2006 , their holdings had been acquired by various other owners .
7	the champagne bottle traditionally smashed off the bow of a ship or aeroplane at its launch is believed to originate in the rather more reserved celebrations surrounding the christening of a baby .
7	horsehair is used for brush , the bow of musical instruments and many other things .
22	on bowed string instrument it is a method of playing by plucking the strings with the fingers , rather than using the bow .
1	the bow is also known in greek as the proura or plowri , similar to the english prow .
15	most bowed string instruments use a visibly curved fingerboard , nut and bridge to provide bow clearance for each individual string .
17	elves are renowned for their grace and mastery of magic and weapons such as the sword and bow .
13	he is represented as a young and handsome wing man who wields a bow and arrow .
35	auxiliary power for precision maneuvering of the boat , to enable the angler to cast his bait to where the fish are located ; trolling motors designed for this application are typically mounted in the bow .
13	by the mesolithic , hunting strategies had diversified with the development of the bow 18,000 years ago and the domestication of the dog about 15,000 years ago .
9	the appendiceal orifice , depicted , curves like a bow to show the location of the ileocecal valve on the most distal cecal fold .
3	specific seasons for bow hunting or muzzle-loading black-powder guns are often established to limit competition with hunters using more effective weapons .
14	it derives its name from the arab rebab which means '' played with a bow '' but in central asia the instrument is plucked and is distinctly different in construction .
7	uranus birthplace : unknown weapon : suzaku bow uranus made her first appearance in battle arena toshinden 2 , as an unlockable sub-boss .
8	the primary weapon used in war was a bow of black palm wood , usually using arrows with barbed wooden heads .
14	that morning , william m. hobby sighted a floating naval mine off her port bow and destroyed it with 40-millimeter , 20-millimeter , and rifle fire .
14	the prow of the the prow is the forward-most part of a ship 's bow that cuts through the water .
6	the stern lies opposite of the bow , the foremost part of a ship .
37	design the navy commander ( marinekommandant ) of the austro-hungarian fleet , vice admiral maximilian daublebsky von sterneck , outlined in a memorandum of 8 september 1884 the requirements for a cruiser equipped with a reinforced ram bow for ramming as well as torpedoes for attacks on larger warships .
8	the weapon comprised an underwater prolongation of the bow of the ship to form an armored beak , usually between six and 12 feet ( 2 -- 4 m ) in length .
4	radical 57 meaning '' bow '' is 1 of 31 kangxi radicals ( 214 radicals total ) composed of three strokes .
43	the base was also home to the only soviet aircraft carrier shore-based landing , trainer and test site , the nazyemniy ispitateiniy treynirovochniy kompleks aviatsii ( nitka ) , with arresting gear and a ski-jump ramp that was a full-sized replica of the bow of the admiral kuznetsov .
16	the first mock-up , dubbed the '' bridge ship '' , was a reconstruction of the bow and bridge built atop the hull of the sturgeon atlantic cargo ship .
28	other african-derived instruments include metal percussion rods , agan , the rasp wiri , aerophones like the cachu trumpet , becu transverse double-reed wind instrument , and the bow benta .
21	the name derives from sailing ship in which the toilet area for the regular sailors was placed at the head or bow of the ship .
3	after badly damaging bow of the ship their first time underway , harkness and his officers butt heads with gruff commander reynolds ( john mcintire ) , who oversees the project as the representative of rear admiral tennant ( ray collins ) .
24	the simple metal pier represents the stern at the water 's edge , a simple cylinder frame is the smoke stack , and the bow is made of prefabricated parts similar to those assembled by the shipyard workers .
8	he is also remembered today for the dragonetti bow , which he evolved throughout his life .
80	players in gears can only carry four different weapons , with the exception of the fourth game , allowing two weapon slots one grenade slot , which may be filled with grenades , one pistol-type weapon , up to four grenades of a specific type ( fragmentation , smoke , ink and incendiary ) and two other weapons , which include , but are not limited to , assault rifles , a sniper rifle , grenade launchers and an explosive bow .
8	trade with peoples to the southwest brought the bow and arrow an increase in the hierarchical structuring of their societies began during this period , although it is not clear whether it was internally developed or borrowed from the hopewell .
43	the power stone merah can transform him into bima , the garuda knight which has the power of the garuda : agility , focus , and strength ; wielding the red-blue garuda saber helios ( sun ) which can transform into helios blaster bow .
24	in september , after departing from takao with a convoy bound for manila , hibiki was torpedoed by ; the explosion almost severed her bow .
19	'' ) : a flying swan has been shot , and a young man is brought forth , a bow in his hand and a quiver of matching arrows .
8	trade with peoples to the southwest brought the bow and arrow .
3	he holds a bow in one hand and perhaps a goblet in the other .
32	the jesuit missionaries introduced songs which used the tupi language with christian lyrics , an attempt to convert the people to christianity , and also introduced gregorian chant and the flute , bow , and the clavichord .
16	man 's earliest hunting weapons would have included rocks , spear , the atlatl , and bow and arrow .
15	the bowed psaltery is a type of psaltery or zither that is played with a bow .
8	range weapons ; gandewa the gandewa is a bow , though it is more often referred to as a busar or busur today .
10	the general shape of the boat began in a narrow bow which spread back towards a wide stern , with the final shape at the rear being rectangular .
1	the bow was a renowned english weapon , made of wood from the yew tree .
15	it is characterized by its use of sticks similar to that of a stringed instrument bow , with the aim of getting one 's tip through the other stick 's space between the slack ( the hair ) and the rod ( the wood ) .
8	by around 11 : 18 a.m. , the bow of the ship was submerged , with a section of the hull about high and long showing above the water .
5	a woman figure with a bow - the tellervo of astuva - a rarity among the rock painting .
14	armed with a spar torpedo , mounted to a rod extending out from her bow , the hunley s mission was to lift the blockade of charleston , south carolina by destroying the sloop-of-war uss housatonic in charleston harbor .
18	customs as with many of the peoples of southwest tanzania , in marriage ceremonies the groom carried a bow in his right-hand and an arrow in his left '' to pierce any man who seduces your wife '' .
9	isaiah recalls their warrior activities and skill with the bow .
5	mongolian troops had a buryat bow , for showering the enemy with arrows from a safe distance .
4	suzutsuki -- despite her bow being blown off -- was able to make it to sasebo , japan , by steaming in reverse the entire way .
9	her 785 horsepower steam engine could barely maintain her bow to the seas .
53	as per the main priest ( puja panda ) , the dhruva/main idol of goddess is stationary ( achalanti mula vigraha ) and she holds sword ( khadga ) , trident ( trishul ) , manuscript ( pustak ) and lute or veena in her right hands and disk ( pattisha ) , bow ( karmuka ) , bell ( ghanta ) and the head of buffalo demon ( mahishasura ) left hands .
11	the ramps and doors may be stern - only , or bow and stern for quick loading .
20	an arrow with a flammable substance attached to the shaft , close to the tip , was shot from a bow or short-muzzled musket .
22	masters of champions episode 1 : 14-year-old contortionist princess elayne from argentina , who hit a target while blindfolded by shooting a bow and arrow with her feet while performing a backbend handstand .
22	damage control measures brought the resultant fires under control by 0320 hours but not before the ship had lost much of her bow and suffered 79 dead .
9	sheeran sings and performs on a loop station , bow saw , melodica , accordion , flute , ukulele , and used a tc helicon voice live 2 to manipulate her vocals and create harmonies .
17	the other way to change the side of the boat that faces the wind is turning the bow of the boat into , and then through , the direction of the wind .
9	ryujino can turn zanryujin from a halberd into a bow with the use of the archery key .
26	the bulgarian army was well armed according to the avar model : the soldiers had a sabre or a sword , a long spear and a bow with an arrow-quiver on the back .
5	a woman figure with a bow -- the tellervo of astuva -- a rarity among the rock paintings .
4	the eeng is a bow string instrument .
3	the ship is bow to stern , with a beam , and stands high when landed .
7	often , it is a normal archery bow used for music rather than as a weapon .
10	hull design was also upgraded with a ` clipper ' bow for better seakeeping and a sleeker look .
38	fistmele , also known as the '' brace height '' , is an older term used in archery to describe the correct distance ( about seven inches , for a northern europe or english longbow ) between a bow and its string .
25	each time the refrain is sung , one more character 's tag line is added : uhura : '' there 's klingons on the starboard bow .
6	deer must be taken with a bow .
5	trick arrows are shot with bow like arrow but can possess a specialized function ( technological or magical ) such as compact explosive charges or rotary drills .
20	link collects a variety of different equipment throughout his adventure , featuring series mainstay items such as bomb , a bow , the boomerang , and a lamp .
12	the 10-gun turkish steamship that was steadily nearing the vladimir had no bow or stern artillery .
3	house of the bow ) is a kibbutz in the lower galilee , israel .
16	the weapons used for hunting would mostly be the same as those used for war : bow , crossbow , lance or spear , knife and sword .
21	with the adequate hardware , a throw line , an attached weight , and a launching system ( e.g. , a bow or slingshot ) , a climbing rope can be anchored to a branch very high in the tree .
38	kochanowski uses the names of the pieces ( which are often different from their equivalents in modern polish ) in literal sense , describing the game as a war between infantry soldiers ( pawns ) , knights , bow - wielding priest ( bishops ) , war elephant ( rooks ) , queens and kings .
43	the player moves the remote in a manner similar to the method the separate games are played in real life ; for example , swinging the wii remote to replicate hammer throw or pulling back the remote and tilting the nunchuk like a bow and arrow .
17	as of 2010 , divers reported seeing a large nurse shark inside the rope room at the bow on nearly every dive .
9	in europe , the spearthrower was supplemented by the bow and arrow , in the epi-paleolithic .
5	łuk ( polish for '' bow '' ) is a polish coat of arms .
11	confusingly , the designation '' sp-2744 '' was painted on her bow and this designation is reported as her official one by many sources , although this contradicted her official data card , which identifies her as '' id .
17	the external fairing on the lower hull was temporary , designed to provide added buoyancy for her bow and avoid excessive strain on her hull during her launching .
52	motive force projectile and cartridge case for the massive world war ii german 80cm schwerer gustav railway gun arrow , darts , spear , and similar weapons are fired using pure mechanical force applied by another object ; apart from throwing without tools , mechanisms include the catapult , slingshot , and bow .
38	because of the need to run up onto a suitable beach , world war ii landing craft were flat-bottomed , and many designs had a flat front , often with a lowerable ramp , rather than a normal bow .
19	the gudok or hudok ( , ) is an ancient eastern slavic string musical instrument , played with a bow .
26	if you learn it according to my instructions it will expand your hand and enable you to perform arpeggio like strokes of the ( violin ) bow .
5	the stern sank until the bow became vertical , and then the ship sank completely at about 1115 hrs .
22	the vessel was assembled at the gasworks in darling harbour by richard johnstone , davidson and anderson the vessel had a sharp bow and stern with a rudder able to be locked at each end so that the vessel could be run in reverse .
45	after rescuing danny , miles resolved to defeat monroe once and for all when he realized that the various pendants rachel and ben invented can grant monroe massive firepower ( including nuclear capability ) against countless people who are reduced to fighting with sword and bow and arrow after the blackout .
56	traditional kayaks encompass three types : baidarkas , from the bering sea & aleutian islands , the oldest design , whose rounded shape and numerous chines give them an almost blimp - like appearance ; west greenland kayaks , with fewer chines and a more angular shape , with gunwales rising to a point at the bow and stern ; and east greenland kayaks that appear similar to the west greenland style , but often fit more snugly to the paddler and possess a steeper angle between gunwale and , which lends maneuverability .
0	bow is the front part of the hull amidships is the middle portion of the vessel in the fore and aft direction .
43	traditional instruments from altay include : amirgi-marok : a wind instrument used to coax deer adishi-marok : a wind instrument made of birch bark ikili : a stringed instrument with a long neck and strings made from animal sinew and played with a bow komus : a jaw harp made of wood traditionally , though now more frequently metal shagay : a wind instrument made from the bones of a sheep shagur : a wind instrument made of wood with holes on the side shatra : a rattle shoor : a long wind instrument , similar to a flute .
18	estimation of target angle is based on the observer 's visual identification of target features like differentiating the bow from the stern .
11	the plan of the site is in the shape of a bow with its bowstring pulled back ready to fire .
8	the chariot 's archer was armed either a bow ( gōng 弓 ) or crossbow ( nŭ 弩 ) for long distance attacks .
15	gudok the gudok is an ancient east slavic string musical instrument , played with a bow .
44	gunpowder , known here as the magical substance smoke powder and different in its composition from historical gunpowder , is starting to make an appearance , but much of the armament is still dominated by pre-gunpowder weaponry such as sword , spear , and bow .
80	as well as saunders-roe and vickers ( which combined in 1966 to form the british hovercraft corporation ( bhc ) ) , other commercial craft were developed during the 1960s in the uk by cushioncraft ( part of the britten-norman group ) and hovermarine based at woolston ( the latter being 'sidewall hovercraft ' , where the sides of the hull projected down into the water to trap the cushion of air with ` normal ' hovercraft skirts at the bow and stern ) .
50	basic information rowers in a coxed eight ( 8 + ) , a sweep rowing boat while rowing , the athlete sits in the boat facing toward the stern , and uses the oars which are held in place by the oarlock to propel the boat forward ( towards the bow ) .
16	on 7 december , she collided near kavieng with the destroyer , which sheared off her bow .
5	other folk instruments include the bow .
35	it is a wide zither with strings made of twisted silk , played by means of a slender stick made of forsythia wood , which is scraped against the strings in the manner of a bow .
7	the collision sank miyuki and severed the bow on inazuma , which was towed to sasebo naval arsenal by the cruiser for extensive repairs .
31	between 1880 and 1887 , the anchor line built no fewer than ten of these extravagant steamboats , which averaged each about 275 feet ( 83.33 m ) in length from bow to stern and about 45 feet ( 13.64 m ) in width .
6	on february 23 , 1986 the bow half of the hull was refloated , towed into the sea and scuttled in waters of 4000 metres in depth .
20	the english longbow , also called the welsh longbow , is a powerful type of medieval longbow ( a tall bow for archery ) about long used by the english and welsh for hunting and as a weapon in medieval warfare .
18	during this caribbean tour , a locking device was developed for the sand flaps on the ship 's bow doors to keep them secure while underway , and it was installed on terrebonne parish in january 1966 at san juan , puerto rico .
17	the only hope for the elves is that the strong warrior christine , equipped with only a bow , can travel throughout the kingdom , and retrieve the ring .
17	once the lcm ( 2 ) had touched down on shore , the hinged ramp at the bow of the craft was lowered and the tankette left the craft over the ramp under its own power .
29	the voyage proceeded uneventfully until early on the afternoon of 30 january 1942 , when a lookout spotted what he thought was a small fishing craft on the port bow .
24	tigranes also possessed several thousand cataphract , formidable heavily armored cavalry that were clad in mail armor and armed with lances , spear or bow .
31	however , on her next mission to buna on 28 november , shiratsuyu took a direct hit from a bomb during an attack by usaaf b-17 flying fortress bombers in her bow , which required emergency repairs at rabaul , truk , and saipan before she should reach sasebo on 25 february 1943 for complete repairs .
11	it was a round - bilge keel ship with a round bow and stern , the latter relatively high , and with a gallery .
18	instinctive aiming is a technique used by trained archers and marksmen to improve general accuracy when using a bow , firearm , or other ranged weapon .
22	more specifically , a mooring mast is a mast or tower that contains a fitting on its top that allows for the bow of the airship to attach its mooring line to the structure .
14	: on the bridge ; i.e. , in string playing , an indication to bow or to pluck very near to the bridge , producing a characteristic glassy sound , which emphasizes the higher harmonic at the expense of the fundamental ; the opposite of sul tasto portamento : carrying ; i.e. , 1 .
29	bowed string instruments , such as the violin , can also be plucked in the technique known as pizzicato ; however , as they are usually played with a bow , they are not included in this category .
46	'' jervis later personally directed that the midshipman should have his head shaved , a notice hung around his neck describing his crime and that he should be solely responsible for the cleaning of the head ( naval term for the communal toilets situated at the bow of the ship ) until further notice .
22	frank served in the army during world war ii and then began his career in san francisco crafting and restoring violin and bow , a job he kept for 51 years until he was forced to retire in 1999 due to illness .
24	while the dilruba has more sympathetic strings and a differently shaped body than the esraj , they both have four main strings which are bow .
1	the bow and arrow appeared as the main technological advancement .
12	she displaced and was fitted with a blunt iron ram at her bow .
59	to produce an artificial harmonic , a stringed instrument player holds down a note on the neck with one finger of the non-dominant hand ( thereby shortening the vibrational length of the string ) and uses another finger to lightly touch a point on the string that is an integer divisor of its vibrational length , and plucks or bow the side of the string that is closer to the bridge .
7	such a vessel should have a reinforced bow for ramming as well as torpedoes for attacks on larger warships .
9	fifteen minutes after hitting the mine , swerve s bow was up with the stern resting on the bottom .
1	a bow is pulled over the string/s ( made of horsetail ) , creating a dramatic and sharp sound , expressive and difficult to master .
11	the michigan was drawn up to the drake so that her bow was up against the drake 's stern quarter on the leeward side .
12	to distinguish it from a cuddy boat , it has an open bow area where there are extra seats in front of the helm station .
8	he taught him this skill called ` the bow for supernatural arms !
42	genu varum ( also called bow-leggedness , bandiness , bandy-leg , and tibia vara ) , is a physical deformity marked by ( outward ) bowing of the leg in relation to the thigh , giving the appearance of an archer 's bow .
7	valentinian is killed while training with the bow on the campus martius ( rome ) .
18	matt schnobrich ( born november 12 , 1978 ) is a male rower who qualified for the prestigious bow seat in the united states men 's eight in the rowing events of the 2008 summer olympics in beijing .
1	a bow or crossbow can be used with arrow in bowfishing .
10	their principal food was bighorn sheep and they made their bow from sheep horn .
8	the explosion blew away the ship 's entire bow , and she sank in four minutes with no survivors .
12	a randan is a boat rowed by three persons , stern and bow using a single oar each and the central person a pair of scull .
18	the two upper openings on the wall of the forecastle allow firing guns on either sides of the bow .
2	the left bow of the catamaran was crushed and repaired later .
4	trophies and notable voyages bow view of libertad docked in dublin in 1964 the frigate competed for the first time in a major offshore race for tall ships between the ports of lisbon and hamilton , bermuda .
9	structure the ship 's bridge is located at the bow , and has three decks and two port-related long-boom cranes with payload capabilities of 80 and 120 tonnes .
4	the hunting tool was bow and arrow .
33	as a member of the makhzum clan , who were amongst the best horsemen in arabia , khalid learned to ride and use such weapons as the spear , the lance , the bow and the sword .
13	for normal use , it is drawn through the water from front ( bow ) to back ( stern ) to drive the boat forwards .
11	fingerboards may also be unfretted , as they usually are on bow instruments , where damping by the finger is of little consequence because of the sustained stimulation of the strings .
2	at the bow area , the windlass and a large mound of chain remain .
13	the wreck lies upright with the stern in of water , and the bow in .
26	queen mary baggage tag queen mary design was criticised for being too traditional , especially when normandie hull was revolutionary with a clipper shaped , streamlined bow .
27	she operated at efate for the next 11 months , temporarily deploying to espiritu santo from 24 july 1943 to 4 august 1943 to fashion a temporary bow for the torpedo light cruiser .
15	one is that seafaring people believed that pilot fish , which would appear around the bow of their ships when they were close to land , were leading ( or piloting ) them back to port .
36	some narrate episodes from the hero 's life , others are war hymns ( for example , the sifu uta wangu or '' song of the warrior '' in which liongo celebrates the virtues of his bow ) .
5	the collision sheared off her bow , leaving her dead in the water .
36	the tombstone prospector later reported that both of the bodies were found and that much of adelnietze 's belongings were captured , including his 1873 springfield rifle , '' with a shortened barrel , '' a bow , two horses , moccasin and leggings '' filled with blood .
27	to minimize the risk of water ingestion , the engine air intakes are located on the forward fuselage section with spray fences on either side of the bow protecting the engines from water ingestion .
18	during this action , nigeria sank the german training ship bremse , but suffered serious damage to her bow , possibly having detonated a mine .
22	viol technique ganassi 's regola rubertina is among the earliest sources of advice to the viol player on how to hold the bow .
8	trade with peoples to the southwest brought the bow and arrow , and trade with the marksville culture and other hopewellian peoples brought exotic goods such as fresh water pearls , sea shells , sharks ' teeth , and copper .
16	punts and passengers in cambridge , uk a punt is a flat-bottomed boat with a square-cut bow , designed for use in small river or other shallow water .
8	he was saved moments before the ship 's bow began to buckle during the sinking .
11	the hogue rammed into mysore , effectively crushing the destroyer 's bow , killing a sailor and wounding three others .
7	pervenets was fitted with large rams at bow and stern ; the stern ram also serving to protect her rudder and propeller .
3	they had a bow lengthened above the water , a drawing out and sharpening of the forward body , and the greatest breadth further aft .
36	in 1879 , he proposed a rigid airship inspired by the anatomy of a fish , with a framework of steel , brass , or copper tubing and a tractor propeller mounted on the craft s bow , later changed to an engine with two propellers suspended beneath the framework .
28	randolph was planned to be somewhat more lightly built than the british frigates that inspired her design , with a broader frame spacing and a much more raked bow , but with less freeboard .
14	455 emperor valentinian iii is assassinated by two hunnic retainers while training with the bow on the campus martius ( rome ) .
1	the bow remained afloat for a short time before sinking , during which laertes struggled to rescue survivors .
30	) trouble appeared off jekyll island , when the royal navy ship sloop , under the command of captain john poo beresford , fired a shot across the cutter 's bow .
6	she was fitted with a ram bow and lacked the stern ram of her half-sisters .
18	the hulls are made of fiberglass or frp , heavily reinforced by numerous bulkheads , and usually have bow and stern enclosed flotation compartments .
28	it is similar in size to the latter instrument and likewise has six or seven strings of gut , arranged over a fret fingerboard and played with a bow .
17	the crews of the beached vessels were soon harassed by a small force of scots armed with bow .
21	uses nautical during the 18th century , a warning shot ( in nautical terms , often called a shot across the bow ) could be fired towards any ship whose '' colours '' ( nationality ) had to be ascertained .
21	her parents were the first whites to live with the newly discovered tribe of about 400 people , who hunted with bow and arrow , ate snakes , insects and worms , and practiced inter-tribal warfare and revenge killings .
0	bow on the basis of witness evidence , the joint investigation team considered it unlikely that the fire was caused by the hot work ( welding ) that was being carried out as part of the renovation or by carelessly discarded smokers ' materials .
28	her laboratories had temperature-controlled aquaria and live specimen wells , and she had a walk-in freezer , a dark room , and an underwater observation chamber in her bow and on her port side for studying fish behavior at sea .
13	webster was originally built with diving plane mounted above the hull near the bow , leading to her nickname '' old funny fins '' .
1	the bow is the foremost part of the hull .
29	the bethel was immortalized in herman melville 's novel moby-dick , as the '' whaleman 's chapel '' in a scene where a fire-and-brimstone sermon is given from a bow - shaped pulpit .
8	this view was taken from off the port bow , showing f-4 s port-side diving plane in the center .
11	an arrow is a shafted projectile that is shot with a bow .
1	a bow tries to shoot arrow to puncture your balloons .
4	jpg window for firing bow file : matsumoto cstl inside honmaru .
9	smaller ships are usually jumboised by replacing the entire bow or stern section of the ship .
41	naus and square-rigged caravels in the 4th portuguese india armada of 1502 ( livro de lisuarte de abreu ) the squared-rigged caravel possessed aftercastle and forecastle , unlike the lateen caravel , which could not have any structure erected on the bow of the ship , because of the maneuver of the foremast .
52	it is traditionally used with other spatial reference terms : aft or stern , port , starboard according to the oxford english dictionary : forward ( , and often written '' for ` ard '' ) or fore , in naval terminology , is an adjective or adverb meaning '' towards the bow ( front ) of the ship '' , when the frame of reference is within the ship .
30	zithers are played by strumming or plucking the strings , either with the fingers ( sometimes using a tool called a plectrum ) , or sounding the strings with a bow .
45	after four years of service , the ship foundered in rough weather at the battle of öland on 1 june 1676 : while making a sharp turn under too much sail she capsize , and the gunpowder magazine ignited and blew off most of the bow structure .
26	another possible origin involves the fact that '' devil '' was a name for the longest seam of a wooden ship , which ran from the bow to the stern .
19	two concave c-bouts between each side 's corners form the waist of this figure , providing clearance for the bow .
4	the villu , a bow , the age-old weapon of warriors - paradoxically lends itself to be used as a primary musical instrument for the villu pattu artists .
8	it was designed with low-sides and a high bow to fight the choppy waves .
43	according to a moral tale called '' yue fei studies the archery '' in you er hua bao ( -- '' children 's pictorial '' ) , a chinese magazine tailored for children ages two through seven , young yue fei purchased a bow , a sword , and a spear to practice martial arts on his own since he did not have a teacher to train him properly .
46	some of the ancient duties are that , freemen/women must be ready to defend the city of dublin from attack at short notice can be called up to join a city militia also a law which was passed in 1454 states that freemen/women must own a bow , a coat of mail , a helmet and a sword .
21	the s. 67 s armament consisted of two fixed , forward-firing 7.7-millimeter ( 0.303-inch ) vickers machine gun mounted in the bow .
17	one usage of skiff is to refer to a typically small flat-bottomed open boat with a pointed bow and a flat stern originally developed as an inexpensive and easy to build boat for use by inshore fishermen .
4	the crew at the bow , separated from the lifeboats , were forced to construct a raft out of hatch covers and doors .
26	azazel wields the dark garuda saber taranis ( thunder ) , which is similar to bima 's helios saber and can transform into the taranis blaster bow .
19	ranging experience is obtained by hitting opponent with an arrow or bolt shot with one of the five different bow or crossbow .
7	she was fitted with large rams at bow and stern ; the stern ram also serving to protect her rudder and propeller .
26	although decommissioned and returned to her owner in february 1919 , she still bears her u.s. navy '' s.p. 669 '' section patrol marking on her bow .
11	she then rolled over completely and began to sink by the bow , taking 570 of the 700-strong crew to the bottom , including her commanding officer , captain thomas lawrie shelford .
12	two diameter controllable pitch propellers , combined with a retractable and rotatable bow propulsion unit , give chase high maneuverability .
2	l. breshnev bow .
21	horse archer presentation in hungary a horse archer , horsed archer , or mounted archer is a cavalry armed with a bow , able to shoot while riding from horseback .
19	kayaks used for creeking usually have higher volume ( more gallons or litres of displacement ) and more rounded bow and stern , as these features provide an extra margin of safety ' against the likelihood of pinning ( getting a kayak wedged in such a way that it can not be removed without a mechanical advantage system , such as between rocks and/or underwater ) , and will resurface more quickly and controllably when coming off larger drops .
14	the front of the ship had a 61 ° angle of rake at the bow where the stem post was joined to the keel with mortise and tenon joints and secured with diameter rope .
3	sharnga is the bow of the hindu god vishnu .
10	this distinction is denoted by gold hull number on the bow of the ship .
43	the trident was not thought of as a national symbol until 1917 , when one of the most prominent ukrainian historians , mykhailo hrushevsky , proposed to adopt it as a national symbol ( alongside other variants , including an arbalet , a bow or a cossack carrying a musket , i.e. images that carried considerable historical and cultural and heraldic significance for ukraine ) .
12	when he was five or six , he was given a small bow and arrow .
17	thompson describes her as '' apparently a young man , well dressed in leather , carrying a bow and quiver of arrow , with his wife , a young woman in good clothing '' .
12	in cases of very thick ice , an icebreaker can drive its bow onto the ice to break it under the weight of the ship .
8	two bombs hit amidships , one hit the bow and the other was a close miss , yet managed to fracture the hull in several places on the starboard side .
26	the tale of the worm may be inspired by the longship of marauding vikings , who carved the heads of worms ( ormr ) on the bow however this does not take into account the commonness of dragons in germanic folklore including that of northumbria ( see the laidly and lambton worm as well as the worm of linton ) .
26	design the mutsuki class destroyers were based on the same hull design as the previous kamikaze class , except with a double curvature configuration of the bow , a feature which became a standard in all later japanese destroyers .
9	on rare known artefacts vosegus is shown with a bow and shield , accompanied by a dog .
27	on 24 august 1918 , during a voyage from the panama canal zone to the united states , she sighted two possible german submarine on her port bow .
7	muruga rides a peacock and wields a bow in battle .
15	one of the planes crashed into apache s radar mast and exploded off her port bow .
1	jpg bow of the battleship mikasa the shiragiku ( lit .
1	holmegaard bow were found in the bog of northern europe dating from the mesolithic period .
14	as part of the ship 's interim repairs , liverpool had a provisional false bow constructed and fitted .
16	neutral trim trimmed in trimmed out if the motor is trimmed out too far , the bow will ride too high in the water .
25	public image chang plays the 1717 guarneri del gesù violin , which she received through the late isaac stern , and uses a variety of bow : pajeot for mozart and bach ; sartory for '' the big-whammy concertos , the tchaikovsky and sibelius '' ; and two dominique peccattes for other music .
17	william lewis & son was a distinguished chicago - based music store that specialized in violins and bow .
27	for example , chanca soldiers preferred the use of clubs or macana , while antisuyu ( jungle highlands ) troops more often leaned towards the use of bow and arrow .
25	tacking and jibing there are two ways to change from port tack to starboard tack ( or vice versa ) : either by turning the bow through the eye of the wind , '' tacking '' or the stern , '' jibing '' .
10	the shape of the hull is characteristic with a sharp bow , sinusoidal waterline , a descending rear body that ends in a straight cut-off stern where the ship has the largest width .
4	the saxons historically used bow ( to a limited extent ) and spear instead of crossbows during the period .
16	in addition , the dhanur veda tradition was an influential fighting arts style which considered the bow and the arrow to be the supreme weapons .
5	mercedes uses a red crystal bow psypher named tasla that she usually uses for frog hunting .
15	jubei collects an assortment of short and long-range weapons throughout the game , including a bow and a matchlock rifle .
7	sound is usually created by drawing a bow across the back edge of the saw at the sweet spot , or sometimes by striking the sweet spot with a mallet .
17	iconography kāmadeva is represented as a young , handsome winged man with green skin who wields a bow and arrows .
1	the bow consists of a stick with many hairs stretched between its ends .
4	she had a high bow , two raking masts , schooner - rigged , and a single raked smokestack .
35	from this time on the son may not eat from the same dish as his father , wear his father 's cap or tunic , carry his father 's quiver , use his father 's bow , or look into his father 's granary .
14	in cinema , the submarine is easily identifiable by the enormous drill on its bow ; it is also notable for being able to burrow underground and fly .
9	loaded down with eight cords of wood on her bow , she began to founder .
12	individual hussar towarzysz may possibly have carried a tatar or turkish reflex bow with arrows in a quiver , especially after the mid-17th century , when many ` pancerny ' companions became hussars , and some sources of the late 17th century note the existence of bows amongst the hussar companions .
9	the main type of english galleon had a low bow , a sleek hull and a large number of heavy guns .
1	the bow , curiously , remained above water for several hours .
59	from this branch of the freire de andrade came joão fernandes de andrade who , having served the portuguese kings afonso v and john ii in the conquest of the morocco strongholds of tangier and asilah , was granted a new coat of arms and possessions in the portuguese island of madeira , namely in arco da calheta ( bow of the calheta ) .
12	all hands got away in the lifeboats and stood by under the bow .
11	employing newly developed lifting technologies , they recovered all but the bow of the vessel , including the remains of 115 sailors , which were buried in russia .
35	its origin is suggested to be derived from the american maritime humor of trying to steer a vessel in reverse where its stern construction , in the 19th century , lacked the streamlines of the bow , and is therefore prone to miscalculated manoeuvring when using the rudder .
17	( linggi means ' stem ' in bugis and refers to the strongest vertical plate at the bow of a ship .
13	photographs show that she had the designation '' sp-400 '' painted on her bow and she was used as a patrol boat like other units with an '' sp '' designation during world war i , although her data card lists her as having identification number ( id .
17	the central granite column symbolises the '' remembrance '' ; the six flanking concrete columns symbolise the bow of ships with the bow-waves either side ; the plan symbolises the globe of the earth spinning on its axis ; the paving pattern of the dais represents the camouflage patterns used by merchant ships during world war i , while the red cross represent the hospital ship that were manned by merchant crew ; the concrete drums at each end of the north - south axis represent compass cards that symbolise navigation ; the flagpole is a nautical style with a yardarm and gaff .
11	it is bowed with either a notched stick or a horsehair bow .
19	the ostmen , who fought with sling and axe , were defeated by the normans , who fought with bow and arbalest .
7	the violinist produces sound by drawing a bow across one or more strings ( which may be stopped by the fingers of the other hand to produce a full range of pitches ) , by plucking the strings ( with either hand ) , or by a variety of other techniques .
80	they also collected 797 objects from the area , including vessel of wood , bronze objects , jewelry and coin , and mesolithic stone tool other reported ( 2003 ) finds in the area include additional mummies and burial grounds , ephedra sticks , a string bracelet that holds a hollowed jade stone , a leather pouch , a wool loincloth , a wooden mask painted red and with large nose and teeth , boat - shaped coffin , a bow with arrow , and a straw basket .
12	some impersonal examples of relative direction in language are the nautical terms bow , aft , port , and starboard .
9	single screw propulsion , a cutaway forefoot under the bow , and rounded bilges facilitated ice-breaking .
21	( franz ) albert ( ii ) nürnberger ( 1854 -- 1931 ) is regarded as one of the greatest german bow makers .
24	instruments traditional instruments include : the maravanne ( rattle ) moutia ( hand drum ) the goatskin drum ravanne triangle and the bobre ( bow ) .
5	it is played with a bow and has between three and thirty strings depending on the region .
34	a swiss arrow ( also known as a dutch arrow , scotch arrow , yorkshire arrow or gypsy arrow ) is a weapon similar to an arrow but thrown rather than shot from a bow ( so as to make it a dart ) , with the addition of a small notch close to the fletching .
13	the main battery consisted of one breech-loading 320-mm canet gun mounted in the bow of the ship , which could fire 450-kg armor-piercing or 350-kg explosive shells at an effective range of .
13	the french name for the osage orange , '' bois d'arc '' ( bow - wood ) , is sometimes rendered as '' bowdark .
1	this bow can be used for hunting or target archery .