20	a popular ecotourism destination in the area is cabo de la vela missionary history wayuus carrying a rifle and traditional bow and arrow .
9	in europe , the spearthrower was supplemented by the bow and arrow , in the epi-paleolithic .
3	sharnga is the bow of the hindu god vishnu .
8	trade with peoples to the southwest brought the bow and arrow an increase in the hierarchical structuring of their societies began during this period , although it is not clear whether it was internally developed or borrowed from the hopewell .
6	'' the addition qeshet means '' bow , arch '' and refers to a method of '' always striking with an arched limb in a looping , elliptical , or circular manner '' .
18	ted and fred , having previously filled the casket with gasoline , start shooting fiery arrows from a bow at the casket .
19	in the mesolithic age , antler and animal skull were used for jewelry and burial sites , and the bow began common and hunt for all game types begun .
8	besides inscriptions armors of deceased person sculptures -- bow , arrow , sword , shield , quiver and others were also portrayed on .
22	the game follows a rock-paper-scissors mechanism in which axe beat lance , lances beat sword , and swords beat axes ; the bow in the game is not a part of any weapon triangle , but is especially effective against flying units .
7	muruga rides a peacock and wields a bow in battle .
9	fifteen minutes after hitting the mine , swerve s bow was up with the stern resting on the bottom .
30	a cape island style fishing boat is an inshore motor fishing boat found across atlantic canada having a single keel flat bottom at the stern and more rounded towards the bow .
6	e49 now lies down with her bow blown off .
43	the base was also home to the only soviet aircraft carrier shore-based landing , trainer and test site , the nazyemniy ispitateiniy treynirovochniy kompleks aviatsii ( nitka ) , with arresting gear and a ski-jump ramp that was a full-sized replica of the bow of the admiral kuznetsov .
9	single screw propulsion , a cutaway forefoot under the bow , and rounded bilges facilitated ice-breaking .
4	the armor extended from bow to stern , and descended at the sides to below her waterline , with a thickness of over her critical systems and ammunition magazines .
14	when at anchor or alongside , it is flown from the jackstaff at the bow of the ship .
42	stormy weather in the bay of biscay in 1900 caused the captain of gaulois to complain that the ship 's forward gun turret and casemate were flooded out and that the ship generated enormous sheets of spray when water came over the bow .
1	the bow post distinguishes the caïque from other mediterranean working boats .
34	wounded sailors from express are transferred to kelvin whilst heading for this german force the flotilla ran into a newly laid , uncharted minefield and express was badly damaged , losing most of her bow .
11	it is bowed with either a notched stick or a horsehair bow .
59	to produce an artificial harmonic , a stringed instrument player holds down a note on the neck with one finger of the non-dominant hand ( thereby shortening the vibrational length of the string ) and uses another finger to lightly touch a point on the string that is an integer divisor of its vibrational length , and plucks or bow the side of the string that is closer to the bridge .
41	a maximum of four of these are strung over the fret , while the rest are strung lengthwise down the sides of the neck and are strummed with the fingers in accompaniment to the primary melody which is played with a bow .
1	the bow is drawn horizontally across the strings .
8	some eubs can not be used with a bow because of the large radius of the fingerboard and the flatness of the bridge .
6	but with its scythes , or bow ( for a violin ) , it could most likely be instrument - designed , like its pre-evolution , kricketot .
24	while the dilruba has more sympathetic strings and a differently shaped body than the esraj , they both have four main strings which are bow .
23	charles claude husson - ( b. 1847 ) in mirecourt ( vosges ) ( d. 1915 ) was an influential french archetier / bow maker .
36	bows heads of three violin bows : ( upper ) transitional ( f. tourte ) , swan-bill head of a long 18th-century model , pike-head of a 17th-century model a violin is usually played using a bow consisting of a stick with a ribbon of horsehair strung between the tip and frog ( or nut , or heel ) at opposite ends .
28	it is similar in size to the latter instrument and likewise has six or seven strings of gut , arranged over a fret fingerboard and played with a bow .