10	zoomsystems has partnered with companies such as best buy , apple , macy's , proactiv solution , procter & gamble and max wellness .
25	although most fonts do not include the interrobang , it has not disappeared : lucida grande , the default font for many ui elements of apple 's os x operating system , includes the interrobang , and microsoft provides several versions of the interrobang character as part of the wingdings 2 character set ( on the right bracket and tilde keys on us keyboard layouts ) available with microsoft office .
15	on june 30 , 2004 , the mozilla foundation , in partnership with adobe , apple , macromedia , opera , and sun microsystems , a series of changes to web browser plugins .
18	the board of directors includes representatives from eleven '' promoter '' companies : amd , american megatrends , apple , dell , hp , ibm , insyde software , intel , lenovo , microsoft , and phoenix technologies .
7	hub network also made a parody of apple 's - oriented app store , which included the phrase , '' there 's a pony for that .
22	← = = members = = members of the html working group include representatives from the following organizations : adobe systems inc. apple google , inc. hp microsoft mozilla opera software w3c has also invited several experts to collaborate with the working group including : robin berjon ( current editor for the html5 and dom4 specifications ) marcos cáceres ian devlin steve faulkner john foliot jeremy keith martin mcevoy janina sajka david sleight manu sporny oli studholme internal working system the htmlwg has members from a diverse community such as content provider , content authors and anyone interested in the work on html .
18	on may 15 , 2013 , '' say the same thing '' became the 50 billionth download in apple 's app store .
7	the motherboards and power supplies in the apple imac g5 and some emac were also affected .
37	examples web browser usage ( as of 2012 ) on wikipedia project servers kde 's open-source khtml engine is used in kde 's konqueror web browser and was the basis for webkit , the rendering engine in apple 's safari and google 's chrome web browsers , which is now the most widely used browser engine according to statcounter .
20	these rely on media that are not owned by the data owner but by service provider such as google , apple , microsoft and facebook .
107	nordhordland district court : askøy , austevoll , austrheim , fedje , fjell , fusa , lindås , masfjorden , meland , modalen , os , osterøy , radøy , samnanger , sund , vaksdal , voss , øygarden and gulen sunnhordland district court : bømlo , etne , fitjar , kvinnherad , stord , sveio and tysnes bergen district court : the city of bergen hardanger district court : eidfjord , granvin , jondal , kvam , odda , ullensvang and ulvik hardanger is one of norway 's most important sources of fruit , providing approximately 40 % of the country 's fruit production , including apple , plum , pear , cherries , and redcurrant .
32	meaning oven slipper ) is a kind of bread pudding which consist of stale white bread spiced with sugar , vanilla and cinnamon , which is layered in a casserole dish with apple , raisin and almond biscuits and then soaked in a cream-egg-mixture before being baked in the oven .
7	tentation ® delblush is a new commercial apple variety ( also known as delblush ) , that was created in france in 1979 by georges delbard as the result of a crossing of grifer ( blushing golden ) golden delicious .
24	original version the original formulation contained 106 mg of caffeine , 33 g of sugar , fruit of the açaí palm , 68 % apple juice , 5 % lemon juice , carbonated water , fructose and malt extract and trace quantities of guarana and ginseng , per 250 ml can .
6	production of cash crops such as apple , orange and cardamom have increased and have become profitable .
13	stanley is a small town approximately from beechworth in victoria noted for its apple & nut farms .
24	the long grove area is now known for its historic downtown , its exclusive million dollar homes and the annual chocolate , strawberry and apple festivals that take place in may , june and october , respectively .
16	they had words for concepts such as yoke , as well as fruit trees such as apple and pear that suggest agriculture was already well developed when the proto-language broke up .
16	in 1914 , the family moved to the rural community of bagdad , where they grew apple trees .
4	extant sections treat of apple , peach , quince , citron , almond , chestnut , parsnip , and various other edibles , with an emphasis on the medical effects they have on the body ( quoting dioscorides sometimes ) .