29	his name is also the origin of ( spanish ) guarismo and of ( portuguese ) ( ( wikt : pt : algarismo algarismo ) ) , both meaning digit .
19	only two symbols ( to count units and to count tens ) were used to notate the 59 non-zero digit .
10	similarly , telephone numbers are routinely expected to include the digit and possibly the characters + , - , ( , and ) ( plus , minus , and parentheses ) .
41	this requires more than just a simple font ; mailing list must be standardized with up-to-date coding accuracy support system ( cass ) - certified software that adds and verifies a full , correct zip +4 code and an additional two digit representing the exact delivery point .
4	in fact , no digit other than one , six , or seven appeared on their prison id tags .
17	a serial computer is typified by bit-serial architecture -- i.e. , internally operating on one bit or digit for each clock cycle .
28	a postal code ( known in various countries as a post code , postcode , or zip code in united states ) is a series of letters and/or digit appended to a postal address for the purpose of sorting mail .
58	examples of coded sets include the list of names of airports that is mapped onto a set of corresponding three-letter representations of airport names , the list of classes of emission that is mapped onto a set of corresponding standard symbols , and the names of the months of the year mapped onto a set of two - digit decimal numbers .
19	decimal fractions are commonly expressed using decimal notation in which the implied denominator is determined by the number of digit to the right of a decimal separator , the appearance of which ( e.g. , a period , a raised period ( • ) , a comma ) depends on the locale ( for examples , see decimal separator ) .
8	digital clock display the time in periodically changing digit on a digital display .
42	the polydactyly in these largely aquatic animal is not to be confused with polydactyly in the medical sense , i.e. it was not an anomaly in the sense it was not a congenital condition of having more than the typical number of digit for a given taxon .
2	the last digit ( number 5 ) was long .
12	it is similar to the ichnogenus aquatilavipes , but has a thicker digit iii impression and is more asymmetrical .
22	some other genera , such as neoseps , have reduced limbs , lacking forelegs , and with fewer than five toe ( digit ) on each foot .
1	each digit had a first segment , the metacarpal , lying in the palm region .
30	some evolutionary anatomist use the term hand to refer to the appendage of digits on the forelimb more generally -- for example , in the context of whether the three digit of the bird hand involved the same homologous loss of two digits as in the dinosaur hand .
42	a man pointing at a woman during an argument the index finger , ( also referred to as forefinger , pointer finger , trigger finger , digitus secundus , digitus ii , and ) , is the first finger and the second digit of a human hand .
4	a dewclaw is a digit -- vestigial in some animals -- on the foot of many mammal , bird , and reptile ( including some extinct orders , like certain theropod ) .
2	in gangrenous digit , amputation is frequently required .
29	close-up of a ruffed lemur 's foot , showing the toilet-claw on the second toe and nails on all other toes like all primates , lemurs have five divergent digit with nail ( in most cases ) on their hands and feet .