1	the hood sends grizzly to take out the punisher and anyone working with him .
38	many aspects of the vehicle appearance may suffer in the term of everyday use and result in any of the following damages : stained or otherwise used upholstery , scratched bumpers , dings on the doors , chipped hood , dented quarter panel .
1	the hood mirrors black bolt , a hero-king in charge of a group of powerful outsiders .
1	pointed hood were used by various orders and catholic lay confraternities for processions , e.g. the semana santa of sevilla who wore the capirote .
13	scramble absorbed bulldozer and piledriver into his body before being killed by the hood .
31	the laser returns as an employee of the advanced idea mechanics ( aim ) villain modok , and later as a member of the criminal army formed by the villain the hood .
19	further improvements followed : the engine moved to the front on the type 48 and was soon under a hood ( bonnet ) at the front of the car , instead of hidden underneath ; the steering wheel was adopted on the type 36 ; and they began to look more like the modern car .
10	in the most common form the headgear resembles a close-fitting hood worn over the back of the head .
18	mind-wave was later among the eighteen criminals , all murdered by the scourge , to be resurrected by hood using the power of dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
6	jackson has been hired by the hood to take advantage of the split in the superhero community caused by the superhuman registration act .
2	when the hood finds strange and engages him in magical combat , wiccan aids him , contrary to strange 's orders to flee .
19	the cheetah was later among the seventeen criminals , all murdered by the scourge , to be resurrected by hood using the power of dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
4	mcneill fired over the hood of manauzzi 's car but was wounded by return fire from platt 's ruger mini-14 rifle .
18	firebrand was later among seventeen criminals of the criminals murdered by the scourge , who were resurrected by hood using the power of dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
30	it is expected that the toyota and subaru versions will be styled similarly on the outside , with the subaru version getting different head and tail lights and a different hood .
16	on lap 23 , denny hamlin reported that he was struggling due to damage on the hood of his race car .
5	the long flat bonnet ( hood ) with central indentation , the large front overhang , the wedge shape with prominent c pillar roll-over hoop and the car-length indented plimsoll-line all made the successful transition to the x1/9 , giving it a highly distinctive appearance .
4	the logo on the hood featured the lamborghini bull inside the chrysler pentastar .
1	the hood hired him as part of his criminal organization to take advantage of the split in the superhero community caused by the superhuman registration act .
10	it was also made from crude parts and without a hood for easy service access .
12	the body shell of the na was all-steel with a light-weight aluminium hood .
4	it sometimes includes a hood .
12	during the dark reign storyline , squid is seen assisting some of hood 's operatives in a raid ; he and man-fish go into the water to get to secure a valued ship .
7	squid was among the villains recruited into hood 's unnamed crime syndicate .
13	marvel zombies tatterdemalion appears with the night shift , as part of the hood 's gang .
11	in this , she is the second in command of the hood 's criminal syndicate , as well as being his mistress .
59	history the colt galant gto exterior was penned by hiroaki kamisago , who had previously been sent by mitsubishi to study at the art center college of design , then located in los angeles , california , incorporating a number of stylistic cues from contemporary american muscle cars like the mustang , firebird and cougar , including a long hood , raised cut-off ducktail rear , and rounded quad-headlamps and tail-lamps .
6	he is also approached by the hood and offered a place in his criminal empire which he rejects .
36	shortly after , he formed a new midnight sons with jennifer kale , daimon hellstrom , jack russell , and man-thing to contain a zombie outbreak on an isolated island , briefly running afoul of the hood in the process .
16	the wraith was later among the seventeen criminals murdered by the scourge who were resurrected by hood using the power of dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
18	letha was later among the seventeen criminals , all murdered by the scourge , to be resurrected by hood using the power of dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
15	post-civil war and secret invasion someone that looks like shockwave was among the members of hood 's crime syndicate .
16	this was sometimes not the case however and certain kustoms packed some serious punch under the hood .
11	needle appears with the night shift , as part of the hood 's gang .
10	only in the tudor period ( 1485 ) , when hood became increasingly popular , did veils of this type become less common .
6	design the 16c galibier features a hood which opens in two parts along a central hinge .
16	the character is recruited to join a '' crime army '' formed by the villain the hood in the title new avengers , and during the dark reign storyline features in the limited series dark reign : lethal legion .
11	according to kfor-tv and posts by reed on facebook , the hood was ripped off of the vehicle .
17	the comet featured a new grille , taillight borrowed from the mercury montego , trim , and hood .
10	secret invasion : the infiltration after the defeat of the hood 's criminal organization , echo remains on the team as doctor strange departs to the astral plane to heal himself , setting up base in a building owned by iron fist 's company but technically leased to samuel sterns for the year .
8	a common stereotype of an executioner is a hood medieval or absolutist executioner .
20	sulley , trying to be helpful but confused by the massive amount of buttons on the dashboard , pops the hood open .
21	again , the font of the 53 is different , and it is slightly bigger and lower down on the front hood .
6	examples : bonnet refers to the hood of a car .
17	tiger shark also features as part of a supervillain enclave being solicited by new crime boss the hood , who hopes to take advantage of the split in the superhero community caused by the superhuman registration act .
32	following the skrulls ' defeat , she is introduced as a member of a secret cabal , consisting of herself , norman osborn , doctor doom , loki , namor and the hood , who are manipulating events in their favor .
18	wilson reappears as force during the dark reign storyline , arresting several villains employed by the criminal the hood .
37	osborn killed the queen and became the director of s.h.i.e.l.d. , which he replaced with h.a.m.m.e.r. osborn simultaneously formed an alliance called the cabal with doctor doom , emma frost , namor , loki , and the hood .
9	letha and titania were resurrected years later by the hood , alongside several other victims of the scourge .
7	the surviving blood brother later joins the hood and his criminal empire , and helps fight the alien shape-shifting race the skrulls during the skrull invasion of earth .
27	in a plot to rule earth , he had special suits made for the ambitious people that want to rule the world with one of them being hood 's cousin john king , who became cancer .
1	the hood of the reinastella was longer than that of the later nervastella and vivastella , but like those later models the reinastella was available in different trims : a closed sedan , berline , and town car .
16	crossfire is revealed to have survived the fall and is among the supervillains gathered by the hood , who is looking to take advantage of the split in the superhero community caused by the superhuman registration act .
26	other versions house of m : masters of evil diamond lil is a member of the red guard who assisted them in their fight against the hood 's masters of evil .
1	white hood with eye holes .
13	a power bulge is a raised part ( a bulge ) of the hood of a car .
27	other versions house of m : masters of evil in the house of m reality , the donnie gill version of blizzard appears as a member of hood 's masters of evil .
10	in some sauna suits , the jacket also includes a hood to provide additional retention of body heat .
22	after the punisher fails to assassinate osborn due to the intervention of sentry during the dark reign storyline , osborn asks the hood to hunt him down .
5	a distinctive feature is a hood which could cover nearly all the face , with a cut for the eyes and possibly for the mouth , which may be folded back .
12	during the siege storyine , centurious appeared as a member of the hood 's crime syndicate .
15	the optional heater was poor and the shut-off valve was under the bonnet ( us hood ) .
1	the hood has hired him as part of his criminal organization to take advantage of the split in the superhero community caused by the super-human registration act .
22	house of m : masters of evil set right after civil war : house of m , this miniseries depicts how the hood assembles a gang of the deadliest '' sapien '' super-criminals : madame masque , absorbing man , batroc the leaper , blizzard ii , chemistro iii , cobra , constrictor , crossbones , nitro , sandman , titania , wizard , and the wrecking crew ( bulldozer , piledriver , thunderball , and wrecker ) .
14	'' watts believes he and his gang will rise to great things since the hood 's coming to power over the supervillains .
6	rampage appeared among the members of hood 's crime syndicate .
6	vampiro is quickly killed by the hood for insubordination , but badd axe and firearms are shown as members of the new .
36	the celestines wore a white wool cassock bound with a linen band , and a leather girdle of the same color , with a scapular unattached to the body of the dress , and a black hood .
3	he battles the hood .
5	blackout was hired by the hood to take advantage of the split in the superhero community caused by the superhuman registration act .
5	this coat has a regular hood .
1	the hood hired mandrill as part of his criminal organization to take advantage of the split in the superhero community caused by the superhuman registration act .
8	the crusader attended a meeting organized by the hood to take advantage of the split in the superhero community caused by the superhuman registration act .
6	madame masque is hired by the hood to take advantage of the split in the superhero community caused by the superhuman registration act .
11	common requirements for automobiles include structure ( examples : windsheld and hood ) and safety equipment ( examples : headlamp and bumpers ) .
8	the brothers grimm are later hired by the hood to take advantage of the split in the superhero community caused by the superhuman registration act .
20	the human fly is among the eighteen criminals that were murdered by scourge of the underworld to be resurrected by hood using the power of dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
29	while liz rides one of the horses around the track , nick , ignoring liz , is attracted to fran and her sports car , even checking under the hood .
35	he awakens , meeting spider-man , medusa , firebird , wasp , venom ( mac gargan , formerly the scorpion ) , henry pym , kraven the hunter ( alyosha kravinoff ) , and the hood .
21	medusa has joined the group as well ( filling in for the presumably deceased black bolt ) after learning that the hood is targeting them for the infinity gems , seeking to reform the infinity gauntlet and regain the power he lost after the siege of asgard .
10	he survives , and is captured by osborn and the hood , who make an offer to bring his brother back .
18	titania was later among the seventeen criminals , all murdered by the scourge , to be resurrected by hood using the power of dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
48	since these events , uatu has restricted himself to appearing to observe particularly cosmic events in the marvel universe , such as visiting the heroes prior to the vote on the superhuman registration act , the final battle of the '' secret invasion '' storyline , and the hood 's acquisition of the infinity gems , reflecting during these appearances that he can not do any more or he may be taken from earth altogether .
6	jonas harrow was hired by the hood to take advantage of the split in the superhero community caused by the superhuman registration act .
14	following the siege storyline , madame masque sought out her father to help the hood after loki took back the norn stones .
2	although the hood managed to collect the gems of power and reality in time to defeat the formidable red hulk , his subsequent attempts to acquire the others resulted in the red hulk stealing the power gem from him while thor beat him to the space gem , although he was able to acquire the mind and time gems .
44	the triad comprises : fractured femoral shaft intra-thoracic or intra-abdominal injuries contralateral head injury the mechanism of injury is an initial impact causing injury to the femur on one side ( bumper injury ) and the torso on the same side ( fender or hood ) , following which the child is thrown , striking the head on the ground or another object and sustaining injury to the opposite side of the head .
27	other versions house of m : masters of evil micromax is a member of the red guard and was seen assisting them in their fight against the hood 's masters of evil in the house of m reality .
45	other long-distance outings of note included one man and his chauffeur covering 10,000 miles in the united states with no breakdowns , as well as a pathfinder 12 driven by walter weidely ( son of george weidely , the designer of the engine under the hood ) cross-country for a total of 4921 miles .
8	human cannonball later appeared as a member of hood 's crime syndicate .
11	digger appears with the night shift , as part of the hood 's gang .
20	house of m in the house of m reality , the klaus voorhees version of cobra is a member of hood 's masters of evil .
19	sunstroke joins the masters of evil in their bid to blackmail the world governments becomes a member of the hood 's crime syndicate .
7	answer has since been hired by the hood to take advantage of the split in the superhero community caused by the superhuman registration act .
14	sasha kravinoff hires her to steal mac gargan 's original scorpion costume from the hood who plans to award it to the low-level crook that impresses him after receiving the scorpion costume from norman osborn .
2	honey lemon hood hoodwink hope hope ( esperanza ling ) is a fictional mutant in the marvel comics universe .
7	one of the women is wearing a hood over her head .
8	typical modifications were removal of convertible top , hood , bumper , windshield , and/or fender ; channeling the body ; and modifying the engine by tuning and/or replacing with a more powerful type .
8	he was later sighted as a member of hood 's crime syndicate .
19	the production version is very similar to the concept ; the biggest difference to the exterior being the rear-hinged hood .
27	after a major appearance in the amazing spider-man # 498 - 500 ( october - december 2003 ) , dormammu became the patron of small-time villain the hood in new avengers # 46 ( december 2008 ) .
27	during the dark reign storyline , black panther was meeting with namor about joining the cabal ( which also consisted of doctor doom , emma frost , hood , loki , and norman osborn ) .
15	'' dead end '' ( # 6 -- 10 , annual # 1 ) the hood 's crime organization grows at an alarming rate , eluding the authorities of new york city , most of the superhero population , and norman osborn and h.a.m.m.e.r. .
22	the basic garments for women consisted of the smock , hose , kirtle , gown , surcoat , girdle , cape , hood , and bonnet .
19	the fight is interrupted by daredevil who takes out wrecker and razor fist who is also working for the hood , unintentionally allowing the enforcers to escape .
19	design the neckline is the highest line of the top , and may be as high as a head-covering hood , or as low as the waist or bottom hem of the top .
9	the u-foes are among the villains recruited to join hood 's crime syndicate .
14	sarah helped rogue in killing the sandman only to be shot down by the hood .
10	someone that looks like scarecrow was among the members of hood 's crime syndicate .
8	dark reign during the dark reign storyline , hood brings microchip back from the dead and offers to bring his nephew back to life if he helps in dealing with the punisher .
42	the world rally championship - winning mitsubishi lancer evolution and the dakar rally - winning mitsubishi pajero provided the engine and drivetrain , while chief stylist mike desmond acknowledged the influence of formula one in the '' nosecone '' front grille and hood .
18	megatak was later among the eighteen criminals , all murdered by the scourge , to be resurrected by hood using the power of dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
2	hat , hood , and other headdress assumed increasing importance , and were swagged , draped , jewelled , and feather .
30	the jeeps were stripped down and altered locally : metal roofs were added for shade ; and the vehicles decorated in vibrant colors with chrome-plated ornaments on the sides and hood .
20	house of m in the house of m reality , the absorbing man is seen as a member of the hood 's masters of evil .
11	as opposed to cranston , fagan has been hired by the hood to take advantage of the split in the superhero community caused by the superhuman registration act .
20	he also worked as an enforcer of the gangster the golem and in this capacity , fought the villain the hood when he interfered in golem 's machinations .
1	the hood and decklid were also interchangeable .
40	the first known street-legal fiberglass dune buggy , it featured a unibody shell that fused body , fenders and frame , retaining just the engine , transmission and other mechanicals of the vw , and with no top and no hood .
32	photographs taken of police computers provide spider-man with access to her files on various criminal gang leaders active in new york at this time , including mister negative , hammerhead and the hood .
13	in marvel zombies 4 , the team is under the command of the hood .
18	turner d. century later appears among the eighteen criminals , all murdered by the scourge , at the hood 's meeting of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
4	black talon calls the hood , offering the zombie plague as a weapon to destroy all superheroes .
6	mitsubishi distinguished the 1400gt with a hood mounted air intake , unique interior , uprated suspension and brakes , and the equalization of the drive shaft lengths to reduce torque steering .
13	house of m : masters of evil sandman appears as a member of hood 's masters of evil .
19	mirage was later among the 18 criminals that were murdered by scourge of the underworld to be resurrected by hood using the power of dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
1	the hood seeks her out to find out more information about dormammu .
17	this humiliating defeat led to his forming an alliance with the self-proclaimed '' super-villain kingpin '' the hood ; together the two joined forces to brutally torture the super-heroine tigra , which jigsaw recorded with a video camera .
5	they may have an attached hood , and may cover and fasten down the front , in which case they have holes or slits for the hands to pass through .
32	the prototype car was se492 chassis number 638 , which was modified to add bracing to withstand the extra power and weight of the four-stroke engine , a taller bonnet ( us hood ) with large grille to accommodate the engine , and unfaired headlight .
17	centurius , along with many of the other escaped inmates , eventually becomes a member of the hood 's crime syndicate .
10	a contemporary manuscript shows segar in the black gown and hood with liripipe of tudor court mourning worn with his herald 's tabard ( image , left ) .
3	the bonnet ( hood ) was forward-hinged and the panel extended over the front wheel arches .
8	the mirage with its sportier appearance and tapered hood , featured elliptical headlamps with a very narrow single-port grille .
6	dark reign bloodshed is part of hood 's crime syndicate attack on mister negative .
11	during the secret invasion storyline , scorcher appears as member of hood 's crime syndicate and attacked a skrull force .
12	european versions of the car also had an air intake on the hood .
29	attach or detach a separable part of the garment to or from another , as in the conversion between trousers and shorts or the connection or disconnection of a hood and a coat .
43	beyond after defeating a villain called brushfire , gravity stumbles upon a mysterious structure in central park and is transported to an alien world where he meets spider-man , henry pym , the wasp , venom , kraven , firebird , and the hood .
20	the graphics used were copied from the 1974 volkswagen of america decal kit , and the position on the front hood 53 was higher up .
16	the japanese gt models had various differences from the et , lt and st including the hood flutes , power windows , air conditioning , and specific gt trim , but shared a few things with the st -- a full-length center console and oil pressure/ammeter gauges while the lt had warning lights for these functions .
27	merci is a czech company based in slatina , brno selling and manufacturing laboratory equipment , devices , and many other things used in laboratories , like hood , glassware , or chemicals .
6	crimson cowl was hired by the hood to take advantage of the split in the superhero community caused by the superhuman registration act .
18	sharing most of its sheet-metal with the maverick , it used a different grille , taillight , and hood , as well as different badging .
14	during the dark reign storyline , white rabbit appears as a member of the hood 's gang .
24	naza r & d improved upon the base design and engineered a right-hand drive conversion , and also enhanced the front end , updating hood ( with power bulge ) , headlights and bumper .
14	in dark reign crossover , he is one among many supervillains who joined the hood 's crime syndicate .
13	a person who looks like the original blackout appears as part of the hood 's alliance with super-powered heroes .
27	power types diesel a switcher once used on ( back then ) military premises diesel switchers tend to have a high cab and often lower and/or narrower hood ( bonnets ) containing the diesel engines , for all round visibility .
7	the masked marauder was seen helping the hood fight the skrull .
9	in secret invasion , electro appears as member of hood 's crime syndicate and attacked a skrull force .
17	plot norman osborn calls a meeting of the supervillain cabal , consisting of doctor doom , the hood , taskmaster , and the asgardian god loki , to discuss asgard , the home of the norse gods , now located floating above broxton , oklahoma , and the last holdout in osborn 's consolidation of power .
32	in the aftermath of the secret invasion , doctor doom is a member of the dark illuminati alongside norman osborn , emma frost , namor , loki 's female form , and hood .
17	traditional inuit anorak traditional caribou parka a parka or anorak is a type of coat with a hood , often lined with fur or faux fur .
9	later she was shot and severely beaten by the hood in her home in retaliation for having beaten jigsaw , a member of his fledgling super-criminal organization .
10	the fluid is dispensed through small nozzle mounted on the hood .
27	each year , a forzado was issued a doublet , one pair of breeches , stockings , two shirt , one pairs of shoe , and a hood .
8	nitro later popped up as a member of hood 's crime syndicate .
3	ringer later assisted hood into fighting counter force .
6	dick is instructed to remove a hood from a fourth figure , fox , followed by his gag , blindfold and earplug .
17	the basilisk was resurrected - with sixteen other criminals murdered by scourge - by master criminal the hood using the power of the entity dormammu .
37	after strange confirms their identities by casting a spell that shows everyone their true nature - echo appearing dressed in a female variation of daredevil 's costume - the team heads to stark tower to stop the hood 's attack on the building .
3	tombstone joined the hood 's army of criminals .
4	boilersuits with an attached hood are available .
7	the area termed capucha ( literally '' hood '' ) took up the right-hand side of the attic .
5	boris - an executioner 's hood .
20	the miracle man was later among the eighteen criminals , all murdered by the scourge , to be resurrected by hood using the power of dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the punisher .
11	during the secret invasion storyine , lightmaster appears as member of hood 's crime syndicate and attacked a skrull force .
4	he later joined the hood 's gang , and attacks mister negative .
12	the model '' b '' had two bucket seat , a longer hood and was geared higher to attain faster speeds .
28	after the skrulls were defeated , she joined the cabal , consisting of herself , norman osborn , emma frost , doctor doom , namor , and the hood , so osborn could launch his new world order , promising loki asgard back in the heavens where it belonged .