39	today , however , it is often described as a composite of many birds including the head of a golden pheasant , the body of a mandarin duck , the tail of a peacock , the legs of a crane , the mouth of a parrot , and the wings of a swallow .
10	it also houses leopard as well as various species of crane , deer , duck , parrot , peafowl and pheasant .
7	birds in the show includes owl , crane , hornbill , macaw , kookaburra , toucan , vulture , in an open air auditorium .
4	flora and fauna the crane has resettled in the area and now breeds here .
24	the objects included a dozen swords and scabbards , iron spearheads , a shield , ten bronze helmets and an iron bird ( a crane or swan is found on some lemovices items ) , 2 animal heads including a horse , one animal body in connection with the two hind legs , one foreleg , a cauldron , and seven carnyx ( a wind instrument of the iron age celts ) and including an almost complete war trumpet .
19	the brolga ( grus rubicunda ) , formerly known as the native companion , is a bird in the crane family .
59	if so , it is interesting to note that the gondwanan sunbittern is most likely the closest living relative of the kagu , and these two may also be reasonably close to the mesites , yet other '' odd gruiforms '' from the southern hemisphere , but do not seem to be close to the gruiformes proper ( i.e. crane , rail and allies .
18	systematics and evolution the family rallidae has traditionally been grouped with two families of larger birds , the crane and bustard , as well as several smaller families of usually '' primitive '' mid-sized amphibious birds , to make up the order gruiformes .
14	limpkin , aramus guarauna ( r ) cranes order : gruiformes family : gruidae crane are large , long-legged and long-necked birds .
14	the shallow waters of the inlet are a major stopover for the migratory european crane .
34	the industrial site became disused in the late 1990s and turned into a new high-end area , though some of the original buildings and artifacts have been kept , including a canal and a crane .
48	the items include : a cake when eaten doubles the size of their name tag ; a '' pumpkin bicycle '' that can be used for ten minutes ; red high heels that are used for ten minutes ; jack and the beanstalk which lets them ride a crane ; a fight with the queen where they play muk-chi-ba with members of gag tonight , if they lose , they must where a mitten , and if they win , all the other members name tags become giant and their name tag is shrunk ; '' genie 's lamp '' which will summon a '' genie '' to help the member for an hour ; when they catch the rabbit , their name tag is returned to normal .
8	abus kransysteme gmbh is a german hoist and crane manufacturer headquartered in gummersbach .
16	a catapult was fitted between the mainmast and no. 3 turret in mid-1933 , a collapsible crane was installed in a portside sponson , and the ships were equipped to operate two or three floatplanes , although no hangar was provided .
7	but a when the worker exits the crane , bugs calls him from the building under construction ( '' yoo hoo !
11	after eteläsatama was put solely to passenger traffic , the harbor crane and the track were dismantled in 1972 .
17	examples of parodies include pictures of lee holding an electric saw before the chinese , driving a crane towards li , and lee in goku 's costume in his super saiyan form .
3	cranes ( how crane work ) 8 .
10	a more obvious external change was the fitting of large crane - like davit , each capable of holding six lifeboats .
6	on 20 june 2007 , a crane toppled whilst carrying out works on the bridge , and precariously hung for a number of hours off the side of the barriers .