5	he is known for playing bass , keyboard and sitar in the band kopecky with his two brothers , joe and paul .
11	personnel jimi hendrix guitar , vocals mitch mitchell drums billy cox bass literature brigitte tast , hans-jürgen tast : fehmarn - das regen-festival .
9	personnel the outfield tony g lewis - vocals , bass john frederick spinks - electric & acoustic guitar , keyboards ; lead vocals on '' under a stone '' and '' jane '' additional personnel simon dawson - drums , percussion david fitzgerald - sax alvin lee - lead guitar stephen marcussen , ian thomas - programming reg webb - piano production adapted from allmusic .
9	he is known for his ability to sing from bass to soprano , as his vocal cords are three times the length of an average person 's .
12	personnel stewart copeland -- drums simon clark -- hammond , cmi , bass tony levin -- funk fingers jerry marotta -- funk fingers david rhodes -- guitar daniel lanois -- surf guitar peter gabriel -- vocals , cmi , synthesizer , prophet , linn p. p. arnold -- backing vocals coral gordon -- backing vocals dee lewis -- backing vocals wayne jackson -- trumpet , cornet mark rivera -- alto , tenor and baritone saxophone don mikkelsen -- trombone music video gabriel , successful after his smash hit '' sledgehammer '' , used the similarly up-tempo '' big time '' to create another visually stunning video .
57	track listing ; digital download -- '' non me lo so spiegare '' ( 2004 ) personnel ; music credits michele canova -- arrangements , rhythmic programming , keyboards leonardo di angilla -- percussions tiziano ferro -- vocals , composer andrea fontana -- drums cristian rigano -- rhodes piano , acoustic piano , keyboards pino saracini -- bass davide tagliapietra -- guitars ; production credits michele canova -- prudcer , engineer , mixing sandro franchin -- additional engineer mara maionchi -- producer alberto salerno -- producer charts laura pausini cover laura pausini recorded the song as a duet with tiziano ferro for her 2006 's album io canto .
29	the lineup consists of rebecca frazier ( née hoggan ) on guitar , john frazier on mandolin and occasionally fiddle , kyle tuttle on banjo , royal masat on bass , and shad cobb on fiddle .
5	jason viebrooks jason viebrooks played bass on the first two albums before his departure .
19	members shane hicks - vocals , and guitar andrew walter - drums jed a. walters - keys , and bass joined mid 2010 past member - rick demarco - drums discography abused blues ep ( jan - 2006 ) sweet misery ( plus one records , p1-18 , 8 november 2008 ) in stereo ( plus one records , p1-32 , june 2011 ) the depths ( march 2013 ) critical reception 2013 bio : the depths is the third album by brisbane based australian band , the blackwater fever .
6	personnel paul mccartney double-tracked vocal , bass john lennon harmony vocal , acoustic rhythm guitar , harmonium ringo starr drums , tambourine george martin producer norman smith engineer macdonald was not sure whether or not harrison sang a harmony vocal part .
15	members christopher powell / pow pow -- drums tookie sherman -- keyboard chris reggiani -- bass a.i. -- vocal , banjo jamey robinson -- piano jim reggiani -- percussion griffin rodriguez -- megabass larry d. brown -- saxophone man durphic -- aestheticist magic ronston -- aestheticist discography need new body ( 2001 , file thirteen records / pickled egg records ) ufo ( 2003 , file thirteen records / pickled egg records ) where 's black ben ?
12	personnel chris marchiel -- guitar alex berkson -- guitar nick avila -- bass bassil silver-hajo -- drums mixed by bassil silver-hajo and powerglove .
17	track listing credits syu - lead / rhythm guitar / backing vocals yama-b - vocals tsui - bass / backing vocals yuhki - keyboards / backing vocals junichi satoh - drums chart performance the album reached number 57 on the oricon album charts .
17	track listing personnel jón þór birgisson -- vocals , guitar kjartan sveinsson -- keyboards georg hólm -- bass orri páll dýrason -- drums strings : amiina ( on tracks 2,3,4,5,8 and 9 , recorded in kjartan sveinsson 's livingroom and langholtskirkja ) hildur ársælsdóttir edda rún ólafsdóttir maria huld markan sigfúsdóttir sólrún sumarliðadóttir brass ( on tracks 2 , 4 and 11 ) performed by : e. friðfinnsson helgi hrafn jónsson i.g. erlendsson k. håkonarson samúel jón samúelsson s. sigurðarson s.j. bernharðsson tambourine , claps and other noises by siggi frendi , höddi gunni , john best , sunray and breeze .
31	the members of his band include : doble sentido ( 2003 ) sandy stein ( piano and accordion ) jesus '' el niño '' perez ( piano ) eddie resto ( bass ) nacho ontiveros ( timbal and guiro ) marcos tabori ( timbal ) papo rodriguez ( conga and bongo ) ricky rodriguez ( conga ) braulio berrera ( bongo , cajon , and vocals ) ramon flores ( trumpet ) charlie biggs ( trumpet ) arturo velasco trombone ) erick jeorgensen ( trombone ) david stout ( trombone ) bobby rivas guiro and maracas .
42	the earlier album is carter 's best-known , recorded with an all-star line-up that included coleman hawkins , with whom carter had recorded in paris in 1937 , using the same configuration of instruments : four saxophone , piano , guitar , bass , and drums .
33	a sintir , or guimbri , being played by nuru kane the sintir ( ) , also known as the guembri ( ) , gimbri or hejhouj , is a three stringed skin-covered bass plucked lute used by the gnawa people .
42	acoustically , the choice of a clarinet , violin , and piano is characteristic in that most chamber music ( and most music in general ) contains high ( soprano ) , mid-range ( alto / tenor ) , and low ( bass / baritone ) parts .
20	the current line-up is james taylor ( hammond organ ) , chris montague ( guitar ) , andrew mckinney ( bass ) and adam betts ( drums ) , although recordings and live performances usually feature a horn section comprising john willmott ( tenor sax / flute ) and nick smart ( trumpet ) , and also vocalist yvonne yanney .
27	the music was recorded at sound city , tower side , fe1 , with takayuki hijikata and makoto matsushita at the guitars , michio nagaoka at the bass and toshinobu takimoto at the drums .
21	after you 've gone this segment again featured benny goodman and the goodman octet as eight anthropomorphized instruments ( piano , bass , drums , clarinet , trumpet , trombone , alto sax , tenor sax ) who paraded through a musical playground .
63	band members ; original lineup randy california - guitar , vocals ( 1967 -- 72 , 1974 -- 79 , 1982 -- 97 ) ed cassidy - drum ( 1967 -- 72 , 1974 -- 79 , 1982 -- 97 ) john locke - keyboard ( 1967 -- 72 , 1976 , 1982 -- 85 , 1988 -- 89 ) mark andes - bass ( 1967 -- 71 , 1974 , 1976 , 1982 -- 85 , 1988 -- 89 ) jay ferguson - vocals , percussion ( 1967 -- 71 , 1976 , 1982 -- 85 ) ; later members following sardonicus , many musicians passed through the group 's ranks .
44	history formation and early history ( 2000 -- 2003 ) in 2000 long-time band mates michael eriksen ( vocals ) and brothers mats ( guitar ) and truls haugen ( drums ) were joined by keyboard player espen storø and glen cato møllen on bass to form circus maximus .
39	'' the bitter pill '' '' the hole in my wall '' '' inside out '' ( promo ) personnel jani lane - vocals , arranger joey allen - guitar erik turner - guitar , arrangement jerry dixon - bass steven sweet - drums scott warren - keyboards legacy hardcore punk band dog eat dog named their debut album warrant in a joking ` retaliation ' for the title of this album .
14	darling '' mark eric - guitar on '' greenwich meantime '' bruce kulick - bass on '' the day i went mad '' , '' do n't look down '' , '' oh !
31	b. e. taylor later re-recorded this song on his first solo album , try love , as more of a rock song , getting rid of the synthesizers and making the bass , lead guitar , and drums much more involved .
6	personnel paul mccartney double-tracked vocal , bass john lennon harmony vocal , rhythm guitar george harrison harmony vocal , twelve-string lead guitar ringo starr drums george martin piano cover versions the song was covered by 1960s pittsburgh garage band the fantastic dee jays .
31	masuda is perhaps best known as the composer of the 2002 hit anime series naruto where he combined traditional instruments like the shamisen and shakuhachi together with guitar , drums , bass , piano and other keyboard instruments along with chanting .
13	richard anthony sterban ( born april 24 , 1943 ) is an american bass singer born in camden , new jersey , who joined the country and gospel quartet the oak ridge boys in 1972 .
16	track listing personnel the speaking canaries : damon che - guitar , vocals , drums , bass , percussion , glockenspiel , recording engineer noah leger - drums on half ( lower in the mix will be a sure indication .
28	impresario ( narrator , spoken role ) arlecchino ( tenor ) , brighella ( baritone ) , dottor balanzon ( baritone ) capitan spaventa di valle inferna ( bass ) pantalone ( baritone ) tartaglia ( tenor ) pulcinella ( tenor ) orfeo ( tenor ) synopsis an impresario presents a performance of his commedia dell ` arte troupe .
29	at the time it won gold , the quartet featured gene cokeroft as tenor , bob franklin as lead , harlan wilson as baritone , and bill cain as bass .
7	bud powell -- piano ray brown -- bass buddy rich -- drums february 1951 , new york , tracks 5 -- 12 .
7	he spent the next year singing the bass repertoire in opera houses throughout italy , including the teatro regio di parma and teatro comunale di bologna .
21	history 1968 1971 the band was formed in september 1968 by drummer jon hiseman , tenor sax player dick heckstall-smith and bass player tony reeves , who had previously worked together in john mayall 's bluesbreakers on the bare wires album .
24	the 2004 album get down with it : the okeh sessions includes a booklet that also credits the following musicians : eddie fletcher -- bass , glen willings -- guitar .
6	he was best known as the bass of motown group the four tops , which he joined in 1953 and continued to perform with for over five decades , until april 8 , 2005 .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is festively scored for four soloists , soprano , alto , tenor and bass , a four-part choir , three trumpet , timpani , two oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
27	music video the music video was directed by jonas åkerlund and is a performance-based music video , the first to feature melissa auf der maur , playing bass with the band after the departure of d'arcy wretzky .
11	verdi composed a setting for four unaccompanied voices , with the bass singing the scale first , followed by alto , tenor and soprano , whereas the three remaining voices supply harmonic texture .
40	the band consists of kelly hoppe ( lead vocals , harmonica , saxophone , rhythm guitar ) , greg cox ( guitar , mandolin , banjo , vocals ) , luke pelotte ( drums ) , and josh zalev ( bass , vocals ) .
20	structure and scoring the cantata in seven movements is scored for three vocal soloists ( alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , corno da tirarsi , a slide horn that bach scored for a short period , flauto traverso , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
33	folke jonsson , photographed in 1939 in skansen sweden folke henry jonsson ( 9 june 1904 in ängelholm sweden 7 december 1981 in sollentuna ) was a swedish opera singer who sang leading bass roles primarily at the royal swedish opera and in other scandinavia opera houses for many years .
36	other members at various times included eric altman ( drum , played drums live and on all jimmy george recordings ) , christine chesser ( fiddle , vocals - chickpea ) , and vitas paukstitis ( bass ) .
44	although the band has experienced several line-up changes , for most of its recording career shadows fall has been composed of brian fair ( vocals ) , jonathan donais ( lead guitar ) , matt bachand ( rhythm guitar ) , paul romanko ( bass ) , and jason bittner ( drums ) .
35	after his return , he recorded as one member of the columbia male quartet , known after 1906 as the peerless quartet , who originally also included tenor henry burr and albert campbell , and bass tom daniels .
3	the narrator ( bass solo ) : '' now in each nation there were some cast out '' 5 .
22	track listing source : allmusic personnel don anderson -- guitar john haughm -- vocals , guitar , drums jason william walton -- bass shane breyer -- keyboards ( anderson 's then-girlfriend performed the operatic vocals on '' she painted fire across the skyline '' and '' as embers dress the sky '' .
25	track listing personnel hansi kürsch - vocals andré olbrich - guitar marcus siepen - guitar frederik ehmke - drums guest musician : oliver holzwarth - bass video the video for another stranger me was filmed by director ivan colic .
11	chris childs ( born 24 june 1959 ) is an english bass player who was a member of the hard rock band thunder from 1996 to 1999 and again from 2002 to 2009 .
17	early history the band first gathered as a folk band consisted of steve gershin ( mandolin , bass and vocal ) , ze’ev gut ( fiddle and vocal ) and olga braverman ( flute and vocal ) , describing them as renaissance metal , due to frequent use of renaissance and medieval motives , played in a metal-crossover style , using such instruments as mandolin , fiddle and flute .
34	since its inception , the band has comprised singers jānis šipkēvics , andris sējāns ( both countertenor ) , juris lisenko ( tenor ) , jānis ozols ( baritone ) , jānis strazdiņš ( bass ) and reinis sējāns ( rhythm ) .
14	it is scored for a satb choir and organ , and features solos for bass and tenor .
27	in 1979 , after playing with the reversible cords on may day at raul 's , erickson recorded 15 new songs with producer stu cook , former bass player of creedence clearwater revival .
10	track listing personnel joshua bell , violin edgar meyer , bass sam bush , mandolin ; violin on '' death by triple fiddle '' mike marshall , guitar ; mandola on '' bt '' ; violin on '' death by triple fiddle '' in popular culture the track '' short trip home '' is heard in the richard proenneke documentary alone in the wilderness .
59	'' track listing ; side one ; side two personnel the doobie brothers tom johnston -- guitar , lead vocals on '' turn it loose '' and vocal on '' wheels of fortune '' patrick simmons -- guitar , vocals jeff '' skunk '' baxter -- guitar , steel guitar michael mcdonald -- keyboards , vocals tiran porter -- bass , vocals , lead vocal on '' for someone special '' john hartman -- drums keith knudsen -- drums , vocals johnston rejoined the band late in the sessions and thus does not appear on most of the album .
14	it features cameo appearances by saadiq , who appears at the beginning playing the bass , and cohen , who is shown at the end doing a mural of stone 's face ( reminiscent of her face on the cover of 2004 's mind body & soul ) .
23	however , during the mediaeval period among ashkenazi jews there developed the tradition of the hazzan being accompanied for certain prayers by a bass voice ( known in yiddish as singer ) and a descant ( in yiddish , meshorrer ) .
36	the group 's career the feminine complex consisted of mindy dalton on guitar and vocals , judi griffith on tambourine and vocals , lana napier on drums , pame stephens on keyboards and jean williams on bass .
8	he is considered one of the greatest contemporary bass singer in russia .
11	current members tom galgano - keyboards , vocals john galgano - bass , guitar , vocals , keyboards paul bremner - guitars greg dimiceli - acoustic drums , percussion brian coralian - acoustic and electronic drums , percussion anmarie byrnes - vocals laura meade - vocals discography sliver of a sun .
20	in 1997 they began to focus fully on the band , which had two new members : mikel lópez ( bass ) and aitor oreja ( guitar ) .
15	its members , the guitarist dino cazares , jello biafra , drummer pat hoed , bass guitarist billy gould and vocalist juan brujo , used pseudonyms as most were in other known bands .
17	jeff scott soto -- vocals robert säll - guitar and keyboards erik mårtensson - rhythm guitar , bass , keyboards , background vocals magnus henriksson - lead guitar robban bäck - drums one live - in stockholm one live - in stockholm is the first live cd & dvd released by w.e.t. on frontiers records and will be available in february 2014 .
12	kelly co-founded kingfish in 1973 with new riders of the purple sage bass player dave torbert and fellow san francisco bay area musicians robbie hoddinott , chris herold , and mick ward .
8	personnel damon delapaz -- drums adam lewis -- bass chris lewis -- guitar will salazar -- vocals , guitar trivia the title of this album as well as the symbol on the cover are references to the metal band slayer and the pop artist prince .
20	when the trio were rags , price ( then known as wesley the stash ) played guitar , aylward played bass , and austin ( then known as napoleon lemens ) played drums .
26	raising the roof ( wcs 050 ) ; released in 2010 on whaling city sound ; featured zé eduardo nazario on drums , john lockwood on bass , and koichi sato on keyboards .
13	the two volumes present performances of pianist keith jarrett with gary peacock on bass and jack dejohnette on drums .
31	the defranco family recorded at united western recorders studios in hollywood with accompaniment by wrecking crew veterans hal blaine on drum , larry carlton on guitar , and max bennett on bass .
7	jack bruce joined the group to provide bass and vocals on its second album , turn it over , released in 1970 .
4	patrick plays guitar , bass , keyboards in the studio , and occasionally plays drums live .
12	the recording featured the moonglows on backing vocals , willie dixon on bass , jody williams on guitar , along with bo diddley , clifton james on drums , jerome green playing the maraca , and little willie smith on harmonica .
16	'' current band members beebs - vocals and kazoo jeremy lovelady - guitar levon white - bass paul brisske - drums bunky garrabrant - trumpet eric ` e-money ' christian - saxophone and flute discography albums würst album ever ( 2014 ) no sleep tonight !
24	in addition to several minor roles , the opera requires a boys ' choir and a '' choir of judges '' who all sing bass .
38	jubilate agno in music the text of jubilate agno is the source for rejoice in the lamb , a festival cantata composed by benjamin britten in 1943 for four soloists , a soprano , alto , tenor and bass choir , and organ .
27	for the project the members of lazlo bane switched instruments and took pseudonym : dino ( chicken ) - vocals , fuzzy ( tim bright ) - bass , licks ( chad fischer ) - drums , and stixx ( chris link ) - guitar .
18	orlin anastassov ( born 1976 ) is a bulgaria opera singer with an active international career performing leading bass roles .
7	personnel paul mccartney -- lead vocal , bass , piano george harrison -- backing vocal , lead guitar john lennon -- backing vocal ringo starr -- drum , tambourine mal evans -- hammond organ macdonald commented that starr added an overdubbed hi-hat part in addition to the hi-hat part played in the basic rhythm track , and that evans 's organ part was a single a note held throughout the final verse and chorus .
12	largely dispensing with the track 's instrumental backing ( apart from distant bass and occasional acoustic guitar ) the remix features kela 's beatboxing alongside rhys's lead vocal and follows the arrangement of the original .
23	personnel ringo starr lead vocal , piano , drums , percussion george harrison backing vocal , lead guitar paul mccartney backing vocal , bass , piano john lennon rhythm guitar , backing vocals re-release the song was re-released in 2006 on the beatles album love , which contained remixes of classic beatles songs .
46	track listings ; cd single - france ; cd single - usa ; cd maxi single - europe personnel joan osborne -- vocals , percussion , acoustic guitar eric bazilian -- guitar , mandolin , chant , saxophone , harmonica , electric piano mark egan -- bass rob hyman -- piano , organ , synthesizer , mellotron , backing vocals , drum andy kravitz -- drums , percussion accolades , chart performances and sales the song received grammy nominations in 1996 for best female pop vocal performance , record of the year , and song of the year .
24	( pentangle drummer terry cox added drums on the october 8 sessions ) personnel barry gibb - lead vocal , guitar maurice gibb - bass , piano , organ , guitar , backing vocal terry cox - drums chart performance cover versions in the early 1970s , spanish band los mustang did a cover version called '' aio , aio ( que se mueran los feos ) '' .
24	nigel harrison ( born 24 april 1951 , stockport , cheshire , england ) is an english musician , and best known as the bass player of the rock band blondie .
17	personnel barry gibb - lead vocals , guitar robin gibb - vocals maurice gibb - vocals , bass blue weaver - keyboards , synthesiser , piano dennis bryon - drums joe lala - percussion cover versions also the song was recorded by the rare earth and originally written by the bee gees for it .
18	track listing personnel napalm death mark greenway -- vocals mitch harris -- guitar , vocals shane embury -- bass , vocals danny herrera -- drums production napalm death -- arrangement , production russ russell -- production , engineering , mixing , mastering mick kenney -- outside illustration kevin sharp -- inside illustration carsten drescher -- layout hugo chevalier -- band photo ( herrera ) ccphotoart .
17	xix 164 -- 7 located at the biblioteca nazionale centrale firenze uncovered previously unidentified emblems in the bass partbook .
28	recording and structure while they recorded the song the guitar was played by barry and vince and joined by bluegrass musician bill keith on banjo , maurice on bass and colin on drums .
25	a maxon pedal maxon is the name used by the nisshin onpa company of japan for its line of effects pedal designed for guitar and bass .
11	performers hacia dos veranos ignacio aguiló : guitar diego martínez : bass julia bayse : flute , keyboards andrés edelstein : drums others musicians ignacio gabriel : farfisa keyboard on tracks maleficio , de los valles y volcanes and verano .
15	sir john rowland tomlinson , cbe ( born 22 september 1946 ) is an english bass .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in eight movements is scored for four vocal soloists -- soprano , alto , tenor and bass -- and a four-part choir , flauto traverso , two oboe , two violin , viola , organ and continuo .
7	) hiroyuki '' den '' onishi -- bass ( 1996 -- 1998 , 2011 -- present ) , ( sister 's no future , zigzo , pt. , test-no .
17	members current dana robertson - guitars and vocals marco rocca - guitar and vocals jamie oldfield - bass tom '' t-bone '' antle - drums former dave ?
16	in the play and the series , george manghan , a middle aged , debt ridden bass player in a jazz band , falls in love with the wealthy and much younger blonde singer terry , much to the distress of her father .
27	the original lineup for the band included prem panicker on the drums , grant umeda on the guitar and piano , sameer sharma on the guitar and bass , and jason park singing the lead vocals .
21	harry mcgilberry ( january 19 , 1950 april 3 , 2006 ) was an american b and soul singer and latter-day bass singer for the temptations between 1995 and 2003 .
10	) ; fl 1698 -- 1744 ) was an italian bass singer though in modern terms a baritone of the 18th century .
29	the band originally consisted of 13 members : skip prokop : drums and vocals paul hoffert : keyboards and vibraphone ralph cole : guitar and vocals grant fullerton : bass and vocals vic '' pinky '' dauvin : percussion and lead vocals ian guenther : violin don dinovo : violin and viola don whitton : cello leslie schneider : cello freddy stone : trumpet and flugelhorn arnie chycoski : trumpet and flugelhorn howard shore : alto saxophone russ little : trombone one of the first lighthouse concerts was at carnegie hall and in its first year , the band also played at fillmore east , fillmore west , toronto , boston , the atlantic city pop festival , and the monterey and newport jazz festivals .
23	hal are a band from dublin , ireland composed of brothers dave allen ( vocals / guitar ) paul allen ( vocals / bass ) and stephen o'brien ( keyboards , occasional guitars and backing vocals ) ( drum ) , who formed in 2003 .
32	after entering the manhattan 's pyramid studios to record what would become their debut album , former hot rod circuit member and o'toole 's childhood friend joe ballaro joined the band on bass .
32	humilitas occidit superbiam king 's latest record is another solo effort , released independently , and features king on a broad range of instruments , including cello , drums , keyboard , bass , and guitar .
6	players can choose between guitar , bass , keyboard , and drums , which each have their own unique play style .
3	ray brown -- bass ( except track 4 -- powell solo ) max roach -- drums ( except track 4 -- powell solo ) february 1950 , disc 1 , tracks 7-13 .
18	the band spent five weeks on initial recordings at the grove studios , focusing on recording drum and bass parts and preliminary guitar and vocal takes , and then one and a half weeks at oasis studios recording additional vocal and guitar parts .
37	this is the most common kind of written music used by professional session musician playing jazz or other forms of popular music and is intended primarily for the rhythm section ( usually containing piano , guitar , bass and drum ) .
38	members rick driscoll -- vocals , guitar , born 1 may 1957 , enfield , middlesex , yan style ( born ian stile ) -- guitar , born 16 january 1955 , enfield , middlesex chris redburn -- bass , born 14 march 1956 , enfield , middlesex chris lacklison -- keyboards , born 15 october 1956 , london andy walton -- drums , born 1 october 1956 , enfield , middlesex discography singles 1973 '' heart of stone '' - reached number 11 in the uk charts , sung by tony kenny .
6	mortiis began his musical career playing bass for the black metal act emperor .
17	the band 's lineup included andrés del castillo ( vocals / guitar ) , march cesare ( bass ) , frank levin ( keyboards ) , scott milks ( drum ) , and marc parent ( guitar ) .
6	as a young man he sang bass in the church choir , in the san diego bach chorus , in choral workshops under roger wagner at san diego state university , and in madrigal groups for '' dancing on the green '' , an elizabethan-era folk dancing event held in front of the old globe .
10	the lineup was filled by rhythm members mark levin on bass and jim cavanaugh on drums , and wanderlust was formed .
9	on the album chrisye provided vocals and played the bass , while soerjoprajogo played several instruments -- including the mandolin .
28	for example , him played for the first time in the tavastia 's address in semifinal when ville valo , the lead-singer to be , was still playing bass .
37	members ; current members ben barlow - lead vocals ( 2012 -- present ) lloyd roberts - lead guitar ( 2012 -- present ) matt west - rhythm guitar ( 2012 -- present ) fil thorpe-evans - bass ( 2012 -- present ) dani washington - drums ( 2012 -- present ) discography ; studio albums wishful thinking ( 2014 ) rain in july ( 2012 ) a history of bad decisions ( 2013 ) neck deep / knuckle puck tour 7 '' ( 2014 ) rain in july / a history of bad decisions ( 2014 ) awards ; kerrang !
29	track listing 2-track single maxi single 12 '' picture disc chart performance credits and personnel additional production by justin spier and mat jackson all instrument by matt prime additional bass : guy pratt recorded at stanley house in 2006 credits adapted from the liner notes of trip the light fantastic , interscope records .
41	concert the lineup of the grateful dead for this concert -- and for all their concerts from july 1972 to october 1974 -- was jerry garcia on guitar and vocals , bob weir on guitar and vocals , phil lesh on bass and vocals , keith godchaux on keyboards , donna jean godchaux on vocals , and bill kreutzmann on drums .
14	personnel john lennon - vocals , piano nicky hopkins - piano klaus voormann - bass john barham - vibraphone alan white - drums the flux fiddlers - strings covers the song was covered by the band stereophonics as a b-side to the song '' handbags and gladrags '' .
27	martin was persuaded by harvey and then further developed '' clocks '' while other band members supplemented their ideas based on the main piano track , adding bass and drums .
26	side one side two credits band members robin zander -- lead vocals , rhythm guitar rick nielsen -- lead guitar , backing vocals tom petersson -- bass , backing vocals bun e. carlos -- drums production tomoo suzuki - recording engineer jay messina , jack douglas - mixing gary ladinsky , mike beriger - mastering sequel and re-issues budokan ii was released in february 1994 as a sequel of the first album , consisting of the remaining tracks from the concert not included on the original album and the tracks '' stiff competition '' , '' on top of the world '' , and '' how are you ?
39	through his tumblr , kid cudi also unveiled the production credits for '' no one believes me '' and revealed that he was on guitar and accompanied dot da genius on drums , while dot da genius solely handled bass and piano .
18	history bikeride was formed in 1994 by tony carbone ( guitar , vocals ) , bill sipes ( bass ) , and craig hendricks ( drums ) in fountain valley , ca .
8	abuelo spent ten years in europe , until bass player cachorro lópez , who was a popular session musician with reggae and funk bands , convinced him to return to argentina for a second incarnation of the abuelos .
20	the band consists of mark baker ( vocals ) , paolo di liberto ( synths ) , gareth milburn ( bass , synths ) and lee smith ( guitar , backing vocals ) .
14	on april 13 , 2009 , the band announced that aj drums and eric bass would be leaving the band in order to spend more time with their families and other responsibilities .
4	members danny bland -- bass james burdyshaw -- guitar ( formerly of 64 spiders ) .
9	additional musicians utilized were curve 's dean garcia ( bass ) and steve monti ( drums ) , ian dury and the blockheads ' merlin rhys-jones ( guitar ) , and miranda sex garden 's hepzibah sessa ( violin ) .
12	the collection included notables such as nathan east and welton gite ( bass ) ; chuck findley ( flugelhorn , trumpet ) ; hank cicalo ( sound engineer ) and bernie grundman ( mastering ) ; les mccann and richard tee ( piano ) ; plus phil upchurch ( rhythm guitar ) .
12	line-up kenneth leer - vocals rick fiorio - drum jeff mackey - bass adam valk - guitar discography albums 5 o'clock orange ( 1996 mack-daddy records ) acid millennium ( 1997 mack-daddy records ) greatest hits vol .
13	the following track , '' enjoy '' , is composed by piano and bass .
21	track 3 ; solos on 1 , 6 ) , ukulele ( 1 , 11 , 12 ) david piltch -- bass jay bellerose -- drums ( exc .
44	members line-up before band break-up qualcast '' koffee perkulator '' mutilator ( pete lee ) - vocals concorde faceripper ( steve nesfield ) - guitar schizo rotary sprintmaster ( gavin ` paddy ' o'malley ) - guitar mightymo destructimo ( chris parkes ) - bass explodin ' dr jaggers flymo ( chris flint ) - drums former members ( as lawnmower deth ) baron kev von thresh meister silo stench chisel '' is it time for my dinner yet ?
1	the bass begins each '' '' .
14	norman scott ( 1921 -- september 22 , 1968 ) was an american opera bass .
19	track listings personnel tarja turunen vocals tuomas holopainen keyboard and piano emppu vuorinen guitar jukka nevalainen drums marco hietala bass , vocals london philharmonic orchestra - orchestra and chorus video directed by uwe boll , '' wish i had an angel '' was the last video from once and it features some scenes from the 2005 movie alone in the dark , also directed by boll .
29	track listing all lyrics written by ronnie james dio , music as stated personnel ; dio ronnie james dio -- lead vocals vivian campbell -- guitars jimmy bain -- bass claude schnell -- keyboards vinny appice -- drums ; additional musicians craig goldy -- guitars on '' time to burn '' ; production recorded at rumbo studios , los angeles , california , usa produced by ronnie james dio engineered by angelo arcuri assistant engineered by gary mcgachan laser effects : lasermedia inc. , los angeles , ca laser operator : michael moorhead originally mastered by greg fulginiti at artisan sound recorders , hollywood , usa remaster by andy pearce ( 2012 universal deluxe edition ) mixed on westlake audio bbsm6 monitors illustration by robert florczak charts ; album ; singles certifications the riaa certified sacred heart gold ( 500,000 units sold ) on october 15 , 1985 .
10	track listing personnel tim may : guitars andy muson : bass denny seiwell : drums louis st. louis : keyboards michael gibson : orchestrations reception billboard magazine listed the album among its '' top album picks '' , meaning that the album was predicted to reach the top half of the album chart .
35	track list personnel stewart brown guitar , vocals b.j . cole dobro , guitar , pedal steel , cello , steel guitar mick grabham organ , guitar , piano , keyboards , vocals rick wills bass , vocals john '' sly '' wilson percussion , drums , vocals hipgnosis photography , cover design john stewart engineer hugh fielder liner notes reception richie unterberger of allmusic wrote that cochise '' treads an uneasy line between eclectic diversity and a lack of direction '' and is '' distinguished just slightly by a more country-ish flavor than the norm ( early 1970s british rock ) , courtesy of cole 's pedal steel '' .
12	prior to the name change the band consisted of zach mayberry on bass , jered mark annis on lead guitar , niki skistimas on drums , and ralf dietel on lead vocals .
15	the word benga is occasionally used to refer to any kind of pop music : bass , guitar and percussion are the usual instruments .
38	track listing band personnel jon bon jovi ( lead vocals , guitar ) richie sambora ( guitar , backing vocals ) tico torres ( drums ) david bryan ( keyboards , backing vocals ) with hugh mcdonald ( bass , backing vocals ) available on the following formats vhs video cd dvd additional information the concert was originally released on vhs in 1995 , then worldwide on dvd in 2003 .
33	'' track listing all songs written by matt thiessen side a side b credits matt thiessen -- lead vocals , guitar , piano matt hoopes -- guitar , backing vocals brian pittman -- bass dave douglas -- drums , backing vocals ( drums on '' we 're nothing without you only ) brett schoneman - drums ( all but '' we 're nothing without you '' ) the credits in the booklet of the bird and the bee sides showed that philmore drummer and former relient k fill in drummer , brett schoneman , played drums on every song of this ep except '' we 're nothing without you '' .
36	the band is composed of frank pino , jr. ( lead vocals ) , dave pino ( lead guitar and vocals ) , tony monaco ( rhythm guitar ) , david '' jones '' illsley ( bass and vocals ) and darryl grant ( drums and vocals ) .
2	leigh marklew bass - born 10 august 1968 , bradford .
5	'' personnel sascha konietzko -- bass , vocals , guitar , synths , programming en esch -- vocals , guitars , drums , programming raymond watts -- vocals ( '' no meat -- no man '' , '' do n't blow your top '' , '' disgust '' ) , programming ( '' no meat -- no man '' , '' do n't blow your top '' , '' disgust '' ) jr. .
19	wilhelm troszel wilhelm troszel ( 26 august 1823 - 2 march 1887 ) was a polish composer and opera bass .
27	the band has four members : swapnil sharma in vocals , prashant vk in rhythm guitar , prakash rasailey in lead guitar , and amit pradhan in bass .
24	track listing all songs written by the suicide machines performers jason navarro - vocals dan lukacinsky - guitar , backing vocals royce nunley - bass , backing vocals derek grant - drums , hammond organ , clavinet , piano , backing vocals ( tracks 1-14 , 27 & 28 ) ryan vandeberghe - drums ( tracks 15-26 , 29 & 30 ) vinnie nobile - trombone ( tracks 1-8 ) larry klimas - tenor saxophone ( tracks 1-8 ) joe bishara - loops and programming ( tracks 15-20 ) bennett salvay - orchestral arrangements and organ ( tracks 15-20 album information record label : hollywood records all songs written by the suicide machines tracks 1-8 produced by julian raymond , phil kaffel , and the suicide machines .
16	credits roger miret -- vocals , guitar rhys kill -- guitar , vocals brian darwas -- bass , vocals luke rota -- drum al barr -- guest vocals on '' once were warriors '' lars frederiksen -- guest vocals on '' roots rockin ' roll '' patricia day -- guest vocals on '' r.f.f.r. '' kim nekroman -- guitar on '' r.f.f.r. '' vic ruggiero -- piano on '' warning !
30	band members david james foster - vocals & guitar ( 2009 -- present ) adam beddow - guitar & backing vocals ( 2009 -- present ) jamie c. weate - bass & backing vocals ( 2009 -- present ) daniel taylor - drums ( 2009 -- present ) formation and ` declaration of independence ep ' no americana formed in early 2009 .
11	andreas pruys ( born in kleve ) is a german classical bass singer .
21	he sings both back-up and lead vocals , and plays electric and acoustic guitar , as well as the piano , bass and the synth .
19	band members the trio forms a full band with the following recording arrangement : abelardo vázquez -- guitar , bass , piano , harmonica , accordion , ukulele , keyboard , vocals , percussion gustavo vázquez -- drums , percussion , guitar , banjo , harmonica angela vázquez -- lead vocals , piano , harmonica , guitar occasional members are featured in live shows .
23	formed in 1998 , the black seeds perform with eight members , with instruments including vocals , guitar , saxophone , trumpet , bass , drums , bongos , keyboard and wood block .
21	since its inception , the band 's line-up has included founders : vocals / guitar graham boostrom , and vocals / bass ray delgado .
23	yevgeny nesterenko ( 2008 ) yevgeny yevgenievich nesterenko ( евгений евгеньевич нестеренко , born 8 january 1938 ) is a renowned russian opera bass .
17	suhr guitars ( officially js technologies inc ) is an american company that manufactures electric guitar and bass , guitar amplifier , and effect units .
45	from the information provided in the liner notes of the original release slippery when ill it can be deduced that the performers on the first eight tracks of country tunes are dave quackenbush on vocals , jan nils ackermann on guitar , robbie allen on bass , and joe escalante on drums .
30	original band members consisted of dave coutts ( vocals , guitar ) , jim schumacher ( keyboards , vocals ) , mark templin ( guitar ) , rusty riopelle ( bass ) , and steve coutts ( drums ) .
7	their recordings also feature wayne chaulk on bass or guitar , ray johnson on accordion or fiddle , and kevin blackmore on mandolin , fiddle , guitar , and any number of improvised percussion instruments including tupperware lids and garbage bags .
36	characters and setting mateo falcone : baritone giuseppa , his wife : soprano fredrick , a corsican carpenter baritone fortunato , their son : alto sanpiero , a smuggler : tenor gamba , a sergeant : bass a few soldiers ( i.e. , gendarmes ) : tenors and basses setting : corsica , 1800s a view of the rugged landscape of corsica synopsis the boy fortunato is outside of his family 's house , playing a horn while his parents are away .
21	tyler dianocky ( guitar ) , dan davidson ( guitar ) , greg williamson ( drums ) and steve vincent ( bass ) first played together in a folk music band for paying shows before meeting matt landry ( vocals ) through mutual friends , after watching him perform solo .
51	track listing line-up dave brockie ( oderus urungus ) - lead vocals dewey rowell ( flattus maximus ) - lead and rhythm guitar , backing vocals steve douglas ( balsac the jaws of death ) - lead and rhythm guitar , backing vocals michael bishop ( beefcake the mighty ) - bass , backing vocals rob mosby ( nippleus erectus ) - drums don drakulich ( techno destructo ) - lead vocals on '' techno 's song '' miscellaneous when the beginning of the song '' öllie north '' is played backwards , the actual beginning of the song happens to be a slurred rendition of a part of the bridge to careless whisper .
1	personnel bass -- munja mitić drums -- šeki gayton rhythm ) -- sejo sexon guitar ( solo ) -- mujo snažni lead vocals -- dr. nele karajlić organ , keyboards -- seid mali karajlić saxophone , flute -- ogi gajić rerelease the album was re-released in 1999 by nimfa sound label from sarajevo .
30	career 1965-1972 gass and peter green bobby tench formed gass with godfrey and errol mclean in may 1965 , credited as robert tench and featured as vocalist , guitarist and bass player .
6	his brief stint with the eccentric bass player made a deep impression .
18	personnel jon bon jovi lead vocals , guitar richie sambora guitar , backing vocals , talkbox hugh mcdonald bass , backing vocals tico torres drums david bryan keyboards , backing vocals tour dates box office score data from the 19 shows reported from billboard , the one wild night tour grossed a total of $ 17,143,241 with a total attendance of 391,321 .
31	the album was recorded in stereo quadraphonic sound and featured guest performances by members of the grateful dead , including jerry garcia playing treated guitar and phil lesh playing electronic alembic bass .
17	a fill may be played by rock or pop instruments such as the electric lead guitar or bass , organ , or drums , or by other instruments such as strings or horns .
27	it consisted of steve albini ( formerly of big black ) on guitar and vocals , david wm . sims ( formerly of scratch acid ) on bass , and rey washam ( formerly of scratch acid and big boys ) on drums .
22	the nucleus of the band were andy o ( overall ) on vocals , tim parry on guitar , mike ansell on bass and mickey sparrow on drum .
53	types of operatic aria became known by a variety of terms according to their character -- e.g. aria parlante ( ` speaking-style ' , narrative in nature ) , aria di bravura ( typically given to a heroine ) , aria buffa ( aria of a comic type , typically given to a bass or bass-baritone ) , and so on .
30	following the ep 's release , the band 's line-up expanded with the additions of rene solomon ( drums ) , garett goddard ( guitar ) and andrew connors ( bass ) .
53	we 're only human ( previously the incredible kidda band and the kicks ) were a british powerpop and rock band , formed in london on 1 july 1981 , and composed of alan hammonds ( guitar and vocals ) , john rollason ( guitar and backing vocals ) , keith taylor ( bass ) and mark '' tarky '' bates ( drum and backing vocals ) .
18	the band knut erik østgård : vocals and guitar steinar hagen : guitar and chorus tore larsen : bass and chorus øyvind håkonsen : drums in addition , magnus østvang has contributed on synthesizer and chorus .
17	lindell started playing in northern california bar , first with the guitar , and later moving to bass , while working as a baker during the day to make ends meet .
32	since its inception in 2000 , the band 's line-up has consisted of gabby alipe ( vocals , guitar ) , john dinopol ( guitar , vocals ) , and lalay ( bass , vocals ) .
14	the song is also well known for bill wyman 's so-called '' dive-bombing '' bass line at the end of the song .
36	formed on january 1 , 2000 , it has consisted of yomi ( lead vocals ) , sakito ( lead guitar & backing vocals ) , hitsugi ( rhythm guitar ) , ni ~ ya ( bass & backing vocals ) and ruka ( drums & percussion ) for the majority of their career .
3	george duvivier -- bass art taylor -- drums january 13 , 1955 , side a track 5 and side b tracks 1-5 .
14	track listing personnel keith morris - vocals greg hetson - guitar zander schloss - bass keith clark - drums karat faye - producer , engineer eddy schreyer - mastering edward j. repka - design mark weinberg - art direction gary leonard - photography miscellanea track 9 , '' fortunate son '' , is a creedence clearwater revival cover .
5	powers played all instruments ( bass , guitar , drums , keyboard ) , recorded , produced , mixed , and engineered the album himself in his apartment in nashville , tennessee .
32	formation and sons ltd the original incarnation of the novellos first met at newcastle under lyme school , the line-up saw mike thomas on guitar and vocal duties , adam steele on bass , richard dodd on guitar and keys and daniel ellwood on drums .
3	tony levin -- bass on tracks 3 and 5 .
6	it was the first album without bass jason harris , who had been replaced by peter nice ( better known as '' nelson '' ) .
36	recordings esterházy : harmonia caelestis -- mária zádori , márta fers ( soprano ) , katalin gémes ( mezzo-soprano ) , katalin károlyi ( contralto ) , gábor kállay ( tenor ) , józsef moldvay ( bass ) ; savaria vocal ensemble , capella savaria , conducted by pál németh .
15	the current frankenbok line-up consists of aaron butler ( guitar ) , tim miedecke ( bass and backing vocals ) , mick morley ( drums ) , dan mcdougall ( vocals ) and nathan ` yeti ' amatnieks ( guitar ) .
21	history the band was formed by mark bandola ( vocals , guitar , keyboards ) and rob vandeven ( vocals , bass ) , with pete barraclough ( guitars , keyboards ) , and bryan hudspeth ( drums ) .
14	however , in its fullest form the omnibus progression involves a descent in the bass which traverses a whole octave and includes every note of the chromatic scale .
6	trace elliot is a united kingdom-based bass amplification manufacturer , and has a sub-brand , trace acoustic , for acoustic instrument .
13	scoring this cantata is written for soprano , alto , tenor , and bass soloists , four-part chorus , three trumpets , three oboe , oboe d'amore , oboe da caccia , two transverse flute , bassoon , two violins , viola , timpani , and continuo .
13	'' track listing personnel dave burrell -- piano david murray -- clarinet ( bass ) , saxophone ( tenor ) production : glenn barratt -- engineer samuel charters -- producer , liner notes , photography reception allmusic says that burrell and murray are '' overtly experimental ... that does n't play to the strengths of these musicians .
12	composed of craig mercer on guitar and vocals , mike macdougall on bass , aaron collier on keyboards and effects , and nick wombolt on drums , the band has been most often described as rocktronica .
108	some of them were : symphonic orchestra of berlin philharmonic orchestra of venezuela symphonic orchestra of paris strings orchestra of torino 's philharmonic wind band of the bayreuth 's youth international festival national chamber orchestra of uruguay orchestra of the anacrusa festival of santiago de chile symphonic orchestra of tucumán in addition , many solo artists have performed his compositions , such as : eduardo fernández ( guitar ) , götz bernau ( violin ) , vihn pham ( violin ) , nicholas ktichen ( violin ) , daniel luzko and josé luis miranda ( piano ) , mami sakuda fiorentini ( soprano ) , antonio dourthe ( bass ) , eladio pérez gonzález ( baritone ) .
23	he was a choir boy at st john 's church , perry barr , and became interested in the guitar , then the bass .
20	deyan vatchkov ( ) , born april 8 , 1979 , in sofia , bulgaria is a bulgarian opera singer bass .
20	line-up the original line-up was : paul '' doug '' sheppard ( lead guitar ) terry hopkinson ( vocals , bass ) paul tognola ( vocals , lead guitar ) paul conyers ( drum ) .
93	track listing digital download credits and personnel ; recording recorded at superspy studios , los angeles , california ; resonate studios in burbank , california ; the jungle room , glendale , california ; and safe house studios , greensboro , north carolina ; personnel songwriting -- isaac haason , lindy robbins , mher filian production -- superspy lead vocals -- demi lovato , lindy robbins programming -- isaac hasson , mher filian engineering -- superspy , simon sampath-kumar , dorian crozier , jason coons mixing -- chris lord-alge drums -- dorian crozier bass -- kenny johnson guitars and synths -- isaac hasson keys -- mher filian credits are adapted from the here we go again liner notes .
25	title the title might come from the lines : personnel van morrison - vocals john tropea - guitar jef labes - piano joe macho - bass allan schwartzberg - drums other releases a live performance of this song is featured on the 1974 disc of morrison 's 2006 issued dvd , live at montreux 1980/1974 .
14	com or simply ug , is a large guitarist community website including guitar and bass tablature , reviews of music and equipment , interviews with notable musicians , online written and video lessons , and forums .
21	members nifelheim live in 2006 hellbutcher ( per '' pelle '' gustavsson ) - vocals tyrant ( erik gustavsson ) - bass discography 1993 - unholy death ( demo ) 1994 - nifelheim 1997 - devil 's force 1997 - headbangers against disco vol .
16	members yasuko onuki -- vocals ichirou agata -- guitar , effects former members rika hamamoto -- bass drummers melt-banana does not currently have an official drummer .
30	the choir today the choir comprises 18 boy choristers ( 3 of whom are probationers or training choristers ) and 12 professional lay clerk , singing countertenor , tenor and bass .
7	personnel geddy lee - lead vocals , bass , synthesizer alex lifeson - guitar neil peart - drums , percussion terry brown -- engineer hugh syme -- design george graves -- mastering on original album bob ludwig -- remastering remaster details a remaster was issued in 1997 .
18	roles dryada ( contralto ) graf gerold ( tenor ) guntram von bornhofen ( baritone ) ratto ( bass ) rheingraf boland von sternberg ( baritone ) silvana ( soprano ) recordings complete recording of the opera , conducted by gerhard markson ( on the marco polo label ) .
21	track listing credits ryan redman - vocals stuart steele - guitar , backing vocals joe ward - guitar james steele - bass chris steele - drums mark williams - production critical response the album received a '' kkkk '' ( equivalent to 4/5 ) rating in kerrang! magazine .
21	fire it up has been used by the mlb track listing credits trevor mcnevan - vocals , guitar joel bruyere - bass steve augustine - drums pete stewart - additional guitar music video trevor mcnevan stated that a music video for the song , which will make it the first song from welcome to the masquerade to receive one , was in production .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in eight movements is for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboes d'amore , flauto traverso , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , two horn , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola and basso continuo .
22	track listing all tracks by lizzy borden except were noted personnel lizzy borden - vocals alex nelson - guitar marten andersson - bass joey scott - drums additional personnel elliott solomon played all keyboards .
18	personnel jon bon jovi lead vocals , guitar richie sambora guitar , backing vocals , talkbox hugh mcdonald bass , backing vocals tico torres drums , perussion david bryan keyboards , backing vocals the show the set list greatly varied between concerts , so after each show its set list was posted on the official website .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in seven movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir , two oboe , two violin , viola and basso continuo : music as with many works of georg philipp telemann , but rare in bach 's cantatas , the bible quotation is split in two movements , a duet and a chorus which follows immediately in a different time and faster tempo .
15	former members of the band include dave thompson ( guitar ) , jeremy galda ( bass ) , brian bird ( drum ) , and jason guindon ( drum ) .
36	vic bondi ( articles of faith ) recording a live album in germany ( 1992 ) personnel articles of faith ( band ) vic bondi - guitar , vocals joe scudari - guitar dave shield - bass , vocals dorian taskbasksh - guitar virus x - drum tobby holzinger - producer liner notes by vic bondi this is the last recording of articles of faith ( band ) .
31	track listing personnel the pharmaceutical bandits matt embree - vocals , guitar rich balling - trombone , vocals noah gaffney - tenor sax , alto sax , vocals franz worth - bass chris tsagakis - drums additional personnel neil burdick - alto sax , vocals chris colonnier - trombone , keyboard , vocals diana smallwood bond - vocals randy briggs aka '' jaime the robot '' - sax one ball jay - gang vocals pickle - gang vocals jackie ojeda - gang vocals sonny johnston - gang vocals chris rush - gang vocals aka caroline smallwood aka carolyn smallwood - producer - engineer rich vollaire - graphic layout artwork - chris tsagakis additional notes '' i do n't care '' - although noted on the album as being three minutes long - instead runs four minutes , thirty seconds .
30	mario petri on stage ( 1955 ) mario petri ( january 21 , 1922 , perugia - january 26 , 1985 , città della pieve ) was an italian operatic bass particularly associated with mozart and rossini roles .
39	australian crawl ( often called aussie crawl or the crawl by fans ) were an australia rock band founded by james reyne ( lead vocal / piano ) , brad robinson ( rhythm guitar ) , paul williams ( bass ) , simon binks ( lead guitar ) and david reyne ( drum ) in 1978 .
22	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , and bass ) , a four-part choir , cornett to double the chorale melody , two oboes d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
18	they also utilized more diverse instruments , including mandolins , recorders and oboes , besides electric guitars , bass and later , drums .
7	living loud was a recording project featuring bass player and songwriter bob daisley , uriah heep drummer lee kerslake , guitar steve morse of deep purple and cold chisel singer jimmy barnes .
47	promo single 7 '' vinyl geffen 9 24148-2 : a side : my michelle b side : knockin ' on heaven 's door ( live ) personnel izzy stradlin - rhythm guitar , backing vocals slash - lead guitar axl rose - lead vocals duff mckagan - bass , backing vocals steven adler - drums covers the song was covered by the punk group afi for the compilation called punk goes metal .
16	the band forms with olivia as lead vocalist , stella as lead guitarist , mo as bass guitarist , wen as keyboardist , and charlie as drummer , but they are unable to choose a band name .
8	this was the only track credited solely to bass player phil small on any of the band 's albums apart from '' notion for you '' on the 1994 rarities album teenage love ( small co-wrote '' the game '' from twentieth century with walker ) .
5	at eighteen he discovered the bass , and formed '' manhattan '' , a light jazz band , and then '' ruido blanco '' with journalist and musician oscar sarquiz , who introduced sabo to guillermo briseño , ( musician , poet ) and ricardo ochoa ( musician and producer ) starting the recording and production of many records and many tours in the mid-1980s .
21	they recruited drummer martin '' frosty '' beedle , previously a member of the cabaret band on the qe2 , and bass player colin farley , a session musician living in spain .
4	charlie haden plays wah-wah bass on the title track , while frank lowe 's tenor evokes a blues influence .
24	the scoring of the piece is balanced towards higher voices , with six soprano , two alto , seven tenor , and only one bass , as well as a trio of recorders .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor and bass ) , a four-part choir only in the chorale , two oboe , two violin , viola , violoncello piccolo and basso continuo .
22	track listing credits the band : warrel dane - lead vocals jeff loomis - guitar steve smyth - guitar jim sheppard - bass van williams - drums guest musician : james murphy - special guest lead guitar on '' the holocaust of thought '' production : andy sneap - production , engineering , mixing , mastering hugh syme - cover art olle carlsson - band and background photography stefan wibbeke - layout and booklet design chart positions in popular culture in the marvel comic runaways ( comics ) one of the characters , chase stein mentions the track '' the psalm of lydia '' to a coworker as a flirt while at his job at a radio station .
36	the kbc band was formed in 1985 by former jefferson airplane ( later jefferson starship ) members paul kantner ( guitar and vocals ) , marty balin ( vocals and guitar ) and jack casady ( bass ) .
3	samy maluenda , bass ( 2009 - • ) .
18	the part the clavinet plays has to fit with the part the drums play and the line the bass plays and the line that the guitar plays .
16	the work is scored for five vocal parts , two soprano , alto , tenor and bass , and an orchestra of three trumpets , timpani , corno da caccia , two flauti traversi , two oboes , two oboes d'amore , two bassoons , two violins , viola , and basso continuo .
10	cavallo plays multiple instruments and has professional credits for his bass , keyboard , organ , piano , guitar and percussion work .
39	track listing personnel maddy prior - vocals june tabor - vocals martin carthy - guitar nic jones - fiddle tony hall - melodeon andy irvine - mandolin johnny moynihan - bouzouki gabriel mckeon - uillean pipes danny thompson - bass john gillaspie brian golbey critical reviews this album has been widely regarded as the best english acoustic traditional folk album of the 1970s .
39	personnel chet atkins - guitar ( '' heart and soul '' ) errol '' crusher '' bennett - percussion vicki brown - background vocals margot buchanan - background vocals willy deville - vocals , background vocals mickey feat - bass , background vocals guy fletcher - keyboards , background vocals mark knopfler - guitar jamie lane - drums jeff porcaro - drums ( '' could you would you ?
6	the members were lisa cook on bass , daryl stanislaw on drums , lyndon holmes on guitar and vocals , and ellyott on lead vocals and guitar ; ellyott was the main singer and song writer of israeli band pollyanaa frank , one of israel 's most important alternative bands .
13	in 1970 , dave torbert replaced phil lesh as the new riders ' bass player , and spencer dryden replaced mickey hart on drums .
20	the track begins with an intro with a lead guitar melody , which plays twice , accompanied by drums , bass , distorted rhythm guitar and saxophone .
38	career the band was formed in 1962 in san gabriel , california , by brothers lawrence perez ( guitar ) and john perez ( drum ) , and neighbors george delgado ( guitar ) and frank zuniga ( bass ) .
6	his replacement was alex baracco ( bass ) .
20	the current touring line up as of 2013 is alix kol ( violin , vocals ) ; mitch mclennan ( bass ) , andy davis ( drums ) and emma baker ( cello ) .
94	the album also includes '' in re don giovanni , '' nyman 's first composition for the band , which is based on the first sixteen bars of '' madamina , il catalogo è questo '' from don giovanni , six selections from peter greenaway 's film , drowning by numbers , in which he was instructed to base the music on the slow movement mozart 's sinfonia concertante k. 364 , and two duets and an aria from nyman 's television opera , letters , riddles and writs , in this recording featuring bass andrew slater as leopold mozart and contralto hilary summers as wolfgang .
34	lemmy was brought on board to play the kill master after schafer and his team had developed the character 's role in the story who assists eddie by healing his allies through a giant bass harp on the back of a chopper .
19	the voices are abbreviated , s for soprano , a for alto , t for tenor , b for bass .
6	during that time he also played bass in the detroit cobras .
10	people 's artist of the ussr ( 1974 ) ; bass soloist .
17	morris '' b.b. '' dickerson ( born 3 august 1949 , torrance , california ) was the bass player for the 1970s latin -- funk group war , and before that the creators .
5	john bennett was a professional bass , who sang as a lay clerk in the choirs of king's , st john 's and trinity colleges .
27	band history formation , demos and ensiferum ( 1992 − 2002 ) ensiferum was founded in 1995 by markus toivonen ( guitar ) , sauli savolainen ( bass ) and kimmo miettinen ( drum ) .
30	the track starts with 24 seconds of heavily effected guitar , drums and '' bizarre sound effects '' before the first verse begins , rising in volume as a looping bass line joins the mix and gruff rhys speaks the lines '' this song is daunted by a radical new vision , no more imperial colonial bastards , no more romantic comedies , this is a fanfare introduction to a high-powered , purposeful theme .
24	carrie was a british based rock music band , featuring the former levitation and some have fins singer/guitarist steve ludwin , ex - emf bass player zac foley , guitarist dennis dicker and australia drummer , bruce pawsey .
14	pfauter left the band in 1984 and brent turner was brought in to play bass on the recording of their first album , when in rome do as the vandals .
14	track listing personnel matthew fisher - church organ on repent walpurgis dave bronze - bass mark brzezicki - drums robin trower - guitar on repent walpurgis geoff whitehorn - guitar andy fairweather low - guitar gary brooker - piano , accordion and harpsichord and vocals keith reid - lyrics also tom jones - vocals on simple sister jerry hadley - vocals on grand hotel james galway - flute on ` pandora 's box ' regardless of all the above named musicians , the predominant sound on the album is the orchestra .
38	the basic track for '' proud mary , '' as with the other songs on the album , was recorded by john fogerty ( lead guitar ) , tom fogerty ( rhythm guitar ) , stu cook ( bass ) , and doug clifford ( drum ) at rca studios in hollywood , california , with john overdubbing instruments and all the vocals later .
24	certified gold by the canadian recording industry association track listing personnel kim mitchell -- guitar and vocals gary mccracken -- drums dave myles -- bass pye dubois -- lyrics this album was released internationally on the mercury/polygram records label outside of canada .
10	personnel phil ehart - percussion , drums dave hope - bass kerry livgren - guitar , keyboard robby steinhardt - violin , backing vocals , lead vocals on '' bringing it back '' and '' down the road .
16	personnel andi deris - vocals michael weikath - guitar roland grapow - guitar markus grosskopf - bass uli kusch - drums trivia the japanese cover art has the '' helloween '' logo in the same type of '' scratch writing '' as the album title .
5	she contributed vocals and occasionally bass to the albums bright flight , tanglewood numbers , and lookout mountain , lookout sea , .
20	they were formed in 1988 by justin broadrick ( guitar , vocals , and programming ) and g.c. green ( bass ) and disbanded in 2002 .
65	; side one personnel per liner notes sonny boy williamson -- vocals , harmonica muddy waters -- guitar on '' do n't start me to talkin ' '' and '' all my love in vain '' jimmy rogers -- guitar on '' do n't start me to talkin ' '' and '' all my love in vain '' otis spann -- piano willie dixon -- bass fred below -- drum robert lockwood , jr . -- guitar luther tucker -- guitar lafayette leake -- piano on '' wake up baby '' and '' your funeral and my trial '' eugene pierson -- guitar on '' wake up baby '' and '' your funeral and my trial '' charts down and out blues peaked at # 20 on the uk albums chart .
44	to address this problem , mcguinn hired hillman 's cousin , kevin kelley ( formerly a member of the rising sons ) , as the band 's new drummer , and it was this three-piece line-up , with mcguinn on guitar and hillman on bass , that embarked on the early 1968 college tour .
5	fishermen will find trout , bass , perch and bullhead in chenango lake .
39	critical reception brian wahlert of country standard time criticized some of the songs on 4 runner for '' cop ( ying ) the worst pop elements '' of the oak ridge boys , but said that the presence of bass singer jim chapman gave the material a '' fresh sound .
12	the band only played on classical instruments ( violins , cello , bass and drums ) .
5	there are no drums or bass instruments .
18	the original lineup consisted of don fleming ( vocals and guitar ) , eric vermillion ( vocals , bass ) , and jay spiegel ( drums ) .
16	track listing personnel anja orthodox - vocal , lyrics paweł pieczyński - guitar krzysztof najman - bass piotr pawłowski - drums michał rollinger - keyboards michał jelonek - violin tomasz '' titus '' pukacki - vocal jacek skirucha - guitar dariusz ślusarczyk - conga music - closterkeller .
37	the group was the most commercially successful of the acoustic era , and at the peak of their popularity , between about 1911 and 1917 , also featured tenor henry burr , baritone arthur collins , and bass john meyer .
25	scoring and structure the title is given by bach as : the cantata is structured in seven movements and is festively scored for tenor and bass soloists , a four-part choir , two horn , two recorder , two oboes da caccia , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
34	charlap appears at least twice a year for lengthy runs at some of the world 's major jazz clubs , including the village vanguard with his rhythm section , consisting of peter washington ( bass ) and kenny washington ( drums ) .
27	'' personnel mick jagger -- lead vocals , harmonica keith richards -- guitar , backing vocals mick taylor -- lead guitar , slide guitar bill wyman -- bass charlie watts -- drums additional musicians ian stewart -- piano on '' carol '' and '' little queenie '' tour set list a typical set list for the tour included the following , although there were substitutions ( note the presence of '' gim me shelter '' on live'r than you 'll ever be ) , variations and order switches throughout the tour .
27	after jones 's death , they adopted the name atomic rooster ( with influence from the us band rhinoceros ) , and soon recruited nick graham on bass and vocals .
22	joe schermie ( february 12 , 1946 - march 25 , 2002 ) was an american musician , best known as the bass player for the 1970s american rock-pop group three dog night .
14	credits and personnel ; personnel madonna -- vocals , background vocals bernard edwards -- bass brenda king -- background vocals curtis king -- background vocals lenny pickett -- saxophone nile rodgers -- guitar , synclavier robert sabino -- synthesizer nathaniel s. hardy , jr . -- synthesizer frank simms -- background vocals george simms -- background vocals dave weckl -- drums tony thompson -- drums ; design jeri mcmanus -- art direction , design jeffrey kent ayer -- art direction , design steven meisel -- photography maripol -- stylist ; production madonna -- producer stephen bray -- producer nile rodgers -- producer jason corsaro -- engineer budd tunick -- production manager bob ludwig -- audio mastering jimmy bralower -- drum programming ; record company sire records -- record label , u.s. copyright owner ( 1984 , 1985 ) warner bros. .
52	the squirrel nut zippers are an american band formed in 1993 in chapel hill , north carolina , united states , by james '' jimbo '' mathus ( vocal and guitar ) , katharine whalen ( vocals , banjo , and ukulele ) , chris phillips on drums , don raleigh on bass and sideman ken mosher .
12	personnel ritchie blackmore - guitar ian gillan - vocals roger glover - bass jon lord - organ ian paice - drums appearances it was used by extreme championship wrestling wrestler '' the franchise '' shane douglas as an entrance theme .
17	it is also used for the lowest notes of the horn , and for the baritone and bass voices .
20	personnel toby morse -- vocals todd morse -- guitar , vocals rusty pistachio -- guitar , vocals adam blake -- bass todd friend -- drum , vocals the album was recorded in august 2002 and mixed in september 2002 in suffern , new york .
4	the album contains no bass player .
10	this is the first excel recording with shaun ross on bass and greg saenz on drums , and also the only one that includes its homonym song .
34	in 1979 , the singer vlado hristov - krle ( vocals ) formed a new structure of fol jazik , with vladimir petrovski - karter ( guitar ) , branko spasovski - puma ( bass ) and spend ibraimi - spend ( drums ) .
19	john munson ( born december 13 , 1966 ) is a minneapolis musician who is best known as the bass player for semisonic .
31	violet town 's members were wayne ( buz ) hissock on guitar and vocals , warren pitts on keyboards and vocals , peter van on drums , and luke blackburn on bass and vocals .
16	he also traveled with conductor alexander peloquin and the boston college chorale , singing as a bass , baritone , and tenor .
29	ultimately , three songs on the album did feature dane 's trademark high-pitched vocals , though the majority of the singing was more in line with the baritone and bass vocals that were featured prominently in nevermore .
21	in 1952 he formed his own group , the bellboys , with jack kane ( saxophone ) , frankie brent ( bass / guitar ) , russ conti ( piano ) , chick keeney ( drum ) , and jerry mayo ( trumpet ) .
34	late in 1986 , the original members parted ways , creating a void until dave coutts , mark templin & steve coutts brought in lisa marie presley 's first husband danny keough to play bass .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in five movements is scored for four vocal soloists ( soprano , alto , tenor , bass ) , a four-part choir , trumpet , flauto traverso , oboe , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
23	giulio neri ( may 21 , 1909 , torrita di siena - april 21 , 1958 , rome ) was an italian operatic bass , particularly associated with the italian repertory .
15	he also brought along his longtime friend and pure-x bandmate peter stålfors , who assumed bass duties .
6	track listing personnel phil lesh -- bass , vocals warren haynes -- guitar , vocals jimmy herring -- guitar john molo -- drums and percussion rob barraco -- keyboards , vocals michael kang -- violin on '' rock-n-roll blues '' limited edition there and back again was released in two different versions , the regular album , and a limited edition album .
21	their earlier work is noted for genre-crossing stylings , distorted , morose , and at times alien lyrics , distinctive funk bass lines , and extensive use of lo-fi recording practices .
29	kim fowley brings ann boleyn to hollywood in 1976 , while still a teenager in high school , producer kim fowley recruited her to join the runaways as the bass player .
10	the greatest of faure 's french heirs were the lyric bass pol plançon ( 1851-1914 ) -- who modelled his vocal method directly on that of faure -- and jean lassalle ( 1847-1909 ) , who succeeded faure as principal baritone at the paris opera .
44	the line-up included former wizzard and move member rick price ( pedal steel guitar ) , alongside bob wilson ( trombone ) , billy paul ( alto and baritone saxes ) , paul robbins ( keyboard , backing vocals ) , graham gallery ( bass ) , and dave donovan ( drum ) .
7	with the interplay of two guitars , bass , cello , and more prominent female vocals , scrabbling at the lock marked a turn toward melodic song structures that incorporated elements of free improvisation in the ex 's music .
22	chris warlow ( vocals / guitar / synthesizer ) cez mathias ( vocals / guitar / drum machine ) fudge wilson ( bass ) .
25	'' the band includes judith casselberry on acoustic guitar and vocals , robert '' chicken '' burke on drum , fred cass , jr. on bass , adam widoff on electric guitar , and catherine russell on mandolin and vocals .
27	the members of the band use stage name and are : angelina galactique ( backing vocals , flute , keyboards , melodica ) , tommy glorioso ( bass ) , jim goldworth ( lead vocals , electric and acoustic guitar ) , kingo ( drum and percussion ) and mickey maniac ( backing vocals , guitar , melodica ) .
40	formed in 1993 at new york university featuring chris leo ( formerly of native nod and brother of ted leo ) on vocals and guitar , brian maryansky on guitar , toko yasuda ( formerly of blonde redhead ) on bass , and neil o'brien on drums .
15	career kongshaug started playing the accordion ( 1950 ) , guitar ( 1958 ) and bass ( 1964 ) .
17	personnel david bowie : piano , vocals , background vocals dennis davis : percussion george murray : bass sean mayes : piano simon house : mandolin adrian belew : mandolin tony visconti : mandolin , background vocals brian eno : ambient drone other releases it was released as a picture disc as a part of the fashions picture disc set .
10	track listing personnel john cafiero -- vocals jerry only -- bass dez cadena -- lead guitar ivan julian -- rhythm guitar marky ramone -- drum cover songs among the songs on the album are cover version of the title tracks from anime series astro boy and sailor moon , and the rossano brazzi film the christmas that almost was n't .
10	credits elizabeth fraser -- vocals robin guthrie -- guitar , bass , drum machine ; additional personnel jon turner -- engineer 23 envelope -- artwork , art direction , design '' ally '' is thanked for saxophone on '' five ten fiftyfold '' .
16	'' her music consists mainly of modernized remixes of old hindi songs , entailing a very bass - heavy sound with some hip hop elements .
14	members dave chandler - guitar , vocals ( saint vitus ) ron holzner - bass ( trouble , place of skulls , novembers doom ) jimmy bower - drum ( superjoint ritual , eyehategod , down ) discography albums debris inc. .
75	art farmer ( trumpet , credited as peter urban ) don butterfield ( tuba ) gigi gryce ( alto saxophone ) j.r. monterose ( tenor saxophone ) george barrow ( baritone saxophone on tracks 2 , 4 , 5 , and 6 ) sol schlinger ( baritone saxophone on tracks 1 , 3 , and 7 ) teddy charles ( vibraphone ) mal waldron ( piano ) jimmy raney ( guitar ) teddy kotick ( bass ) joe harris ( drums ) for tracks 8 and 9 , recorded october 23 , 1956 .
13	'' track listing performers chris mccaughan - guitar , vocals brendan kelly - bass , vocals neil hennessy - drums album information record label : fat wreck chords recorded , mixed and produced september-october 2001 at atlas studios in andersonville , chicago by matt allison paintings and sketches by josh marshall type design and layout by david holtz additional art and layout by the lawrence arms and kate mccaughan pseudonyms in the album 's liner notes , the band members identify themselves under the false names clarence darrow , lehigh acres , and weekawken hennessy .
29	2nd era ( 1989-1999 ) the second leg of the tour was made into an aptly titled vhs , '' pirata tour '' , and featured roberto terzani on bass , daniele trambusti on drums and candelo cabezas on percussions besides pelù , renzulli and aiazzi .
17	this was the last song recorded for the album , and features inxs drum jon farriss , bass chris bailey and rick brewster from the angels .
40	in 1942 , in the absence of the station 's owner and announcer sam anderson , he also began reading commercials on the station 's 15-minute slot sponsored by the king biscuit flour company , and began learning to play bass .
13	background born in mobile , alabama , arthur played guitar , keyboards , bass , and drums in numerous southern u.s. touring rock bands .
22	personnel brennan gilmore -- guitar / vocals will lee -- banjo / vocals andy thacker -- mandolin / vocals zack blatter -- bass nick reeb -- fiddle / vocals previous members ann marie calhoun ( née simpson ) -- fiddle / vocals brian calhoun -- guitar steve hoke -- fiddle randall ray -- guitar billy cardine -- dobro ben krakauer -- banjo mark krakauer -- guitar image : walker 's run at bel rio .
51	history the band was formed in 1987 by andy maconald ( aka '' dr. technology '' , guitar ) , p6 ( aka '' fat bastard '' , '' wilberforce '' , real name phil eaglesham , vocals ) , with the line-up completed by mofungo diggs ( steven macdougall , bass ) and richie dempsey ( drums ) .
19	personnel george harrison lead vocals , hammond organ john lennon backing vocals , tambourine paul mccartney backing vocals , bass ringo starr drums , backwards cymbal session musician cello cultural references cover versions '' blue jay way '' has been covered by : colin newman on his 1982 album not to borbetomagus on their 1990 album buncha hair that long dan bern on his 1998 album smartie mine rodney graham on his 2000 album what is happy , baby ?
14	in the summer of 1975 he was hired as bandleader , opening act and bass player in bob dylan 's band .
21	scoring and structure the cantata in six movements is scored for four soloists , soprano , alto , tenor , and bass , a four-part choir , horn to play the cantus firmus with the soprano , oboe d'amore , two violin , viola , and basso continuo .
21	anna is primarily a pianist and vocalist , but most of her recordings feature a full band , including guitar , bass , drums , and often her original string quartet arrangements .