6	is a scrolling shooter developed by square for the playstation console .
8	other now-famous japanese companies such as enix , square and nihon falcom also released erotic adult games for the pc-8801 computer in the early 1980s before they became mainstream .
3	before he joined square , watanabe wrote manga novelization .
6	is a dating sim developed by square and nintendo , and published by nintendo on december 1 , 1987 for the family computer disk system .
18	committed from the start to make a franchise to rival series such as enix 's dragon quest and square 's final fantasy , murayama wrote a chronological prequel for his story and used that instead in order not to waste the suikoden ii script due to his lack of experience .
24	he spent the next few years working first as a manga illustrator then as a composer for anime series before coming to work for square .
24	development fullmetal alchemist and the broken angel was developed by the japan company racjin and initially produced by enix , before their merger with square in april 2003 .
3	in 1986 , square released the science fiction adventure game suishō no dragon for the nes console .
8	after about three years , he applied at square with a resume containing a photographed oil painting of his and was hired by the company in 1999 .
0	square then released a statement that only the look of the save screen was corrupted , and saving was still possible , and if players wished , repeatedly going into and out of the save screen would make a normal screen eventually appear .
19	panoramic view of the lower level the plan of the palace is a 17 meter high , 63 meter square containing an inner circular patio .
12	the rectangular cuboid ( six rectangular faces ) , cube ( six square faces ) , and the rhombohedron ( six rhombus faces ) are all specific cases of parallelepiped .
13	municipal flag and emblem flag of arad the emblem of arad is a square with a hill and a flame .
0	square polyomino pentomino puzzle , tetris , lonpos puzzle , fillomino , tentai show , ripple effect ( puzzle ) , lits , nurikabe , sudoku - !
3	there are one square , one hexagon , and one hexadecagon ( 16-sides ) on each vertex .
30	a set of blocks toy blocks ( also building bricks , building blocks , or simply blocks ) , are wooden , plastic or foam pieces of various shapes ( square , cylinder , arch , triangle , etc. ) and color that are used as construction toy .
15	objective each team moves a piece on a game board formed by a sequence of square .
6	there are one triangle , two square , and one hexagon on each vertex .
7	in contrast with the case of a square or other polygon , all permutations of the vertices can be achieved by rotation and flipping over ( or reflecting ) .
8	for example , take the set of all square in the plane .
19	qanat quartier the pearl qatar 's '' venice - like community '' has an extensive canal system , pedestrian-friendly square and plaza and beachfront townhouse .
18	it was commissioned in 1936 but brought to poland in 1991 monopol hotel katowice rondo , the large square / roundabout , reconstructed recently , with the semi-circular galeria rondo sztuki in the center .
1	a square in front of the smolny convent has borne rastrelli 's name since 1923 .
20	in 1944 , luis roche ordered - with permission of the government - the construction of many avenues and the square .
31	the café novelty ( coffeehouse novelty ) is the oldest café in the city of salamanca ( spain ) , which was founded in 1905 and is situated in the main square of the city , plaza mayor de salamanca .
7	the place de la république is a square in paris , located on the border between the 3rd , 10th and 11th arrondissement .
36	in the ancient era , it was one of the most important cities of the paeligni and is known for being the native town of ovid , of whom there is a bronze statue in the square known as piazza xx settembre located on the town 's main road also under his name .
19	common areas between apartment buildings were brought back to normality after decades of neglect , while parks , city square and sports recreational areas were renovated , giving tirana a more european look .
17	) they are also common in meetings with friends , especially those taking place in park , square , beach or along the coastline in ramblas ( an avenue bordering the coast with pedestrian areas on each side ) such as the ones in montevideo .
32	the french official arranged for the name , place de bitche , to be transferred to another site in the 19th arrondissement , near the pont de crimée , and rechristened the square outside mr. morton 's legation , place des états-unis .
17	in base ten , 26 is the smallest number that is not a palindrome to have a square ( 26 ^ 2 = 676 ) which is a palindrome .
38	there were numerous reasons why tatra designers took such a revolutionary approach to the conception of the new car : first of all it was the aim to reduce drag , mostly air-drag , which increases with the square of speed .
5	a semiprime is either a square of a prime or square-free .
16	he also proved that the area of a circle was equal to π multiplied by the square of the radius of the circle ( πr 2 ) .
3	the only nontrivial square fibonacci number is 144 .
1	a square has even multiplicity for all prime factors ( it is of the form a 2 for some a ) .
12	the only number which has 12 as its aliquot sum is the square 121 .
35	'' in mathematics used størmer 's method to prove catalan 's conjecture on the nonexistence of consecutive perfect power ( other than 8,9 ) in the case where one of the two powers is a square .
10	equivalently , a powerful number is the product of a square and a cube , that is , a number m of the form m = a 2 b 3 , where a and b are positive integers .
5	in mathematics eighty-one is the square of 9 and the fourth power of 3 .