9	industries it is primarily an agricultural area with many apple orchards and vineyards , and market gardens , growing strawberries , cabbages , rhubarb and lettuce are also amongst the primary produce .
16	less usual foods that have been reported are dried vegetable remains , dried fruits ( especially apple and raisin ) , horn shavings ( an organic fertilizer ) , cork and even refined sugar .
40	the country was the destination for berkshire hathaway 's first investment outside the united states when it purchased iscar metalworking , and the first research and development centers outside the united states for companies including intel , microsoft , and apple .
87	in particular wapa is seeking cooperative initiatives among its members to increase consumer demand for apples and pears by : facilitating exchange and dissemination of scientific information citing nutritional benefits to boost demand introducing common production best practices to ensure the product placed on the market is of the best possible quality and satisfies consumer expectations discussing matters relating to marketing standards to improve the market position of apples and pears by developing close links with retail chains membership wapa is open to any country that produces apple and pear for the fresh market .
28	history the company , founded in 1999 , employs numerous established high-tech veterans , including former executives from electronic arts , ebay , disney , adobe , and apple .
27	competitors included mitsubishi with their diamondtron nf brand of flat aperture grille crt displays , as used in certain computer monitors from mitsubishi , nec , and apple .
15	hongfujin precision industry co. , a subsidiary of foxconn , is a company which manufactures apple 's iphone 5 , ipod as well as other products for multinational corporations .
24	original version the original formulation contained 106 mg of caffeine , 33 g of sugar , fruit of the açaí palm , 68 % apple juice , 5 % lemon juice , carbonated water , fructose and malt extract and trace quantities of guarana and ginseng , per 250 ml can .
32	students ranked in the school 's top 1 % occasionally get a class period ( work experience ) that permits them to leave school early and go to local businesses such as apple , safeway , and the habit to work in $ 25-an-hour internships .
0	apple subsequently developed a new protocol appleshare ip which is not backwardly compatible .
33	hocevar is part of goatse security , an information security working group most known for revealing a security flaw in at&t 's website , leading to the release of 114,000 email addresses of apple ipad users .
16	a freshening stream satisfied the water problem and irrigated a lush peach , pear , and apple orchard .
4	considering the politics of apple products where technologies and intellectual property are carefully controlled , goggin finds that the iphone is similarly entangled in policies and practices that '' circumscribe and manage '' how users consume and adapt this technology .
5	common fruit bouquet items include apple , artichoke , avocado , banana , cheese , grape , lychee , mango , orange , papaya , pineapple , pomegranate , strawberries , and chocolate .
11	totaling , it is southington 's largest farm and the largest apple - grower in the state , selling wholesale to local stores and retail at its farmers ' market .
12	bill atkinson -- designer of much of the graphic subsystem for the apple macintosh and creator of hypercard and macpaint .
10	another revamped sequel , rally-x rumble , was released on apple 's ios platform on august 17 , 2011 .
30	following models from 1967 and 70 research claussen-finks made analytical research on trade fair impact and brand relation based on individual video interviews for ibm , daimler , bmw , apple , siemens , nixdorf , sun microsystems , sony , deutsche telekom and others .
6	some farms offer pick-your-own peach , apple , and pumpkin .
3	projects include helping apple design the user-interface for applelink personal edition ( which became aol ) , hp with the design of the user interface for its halo telepresence system , kaiser permanente improve its online library for physicians and nurses , sabre revolutionize its graphical user-interface design for one-third of the world 's travel agents , livescribe with the first version of its smartpen , and sap 's with sustainability-oriented enterprise software .
6	plagido also makes fruit wine from apple , blackberries , blueberries , and cranberries .
15	ontario-grown fruits used to make these wines include ( but are not limited to ) apple , apricot , black currant , blackberry , blueberry , cherry , cranberry , elderberry , gooseberry , huckleberry , haskap , nectarine , peach , pear , plum , red currant , raspberry , saskatoon berry , and strawberry .
0	apple almond ash beech crepe myrtle chestnut dogwood elm ficus grape hazelnut hornbeam laburnum linden maple olive peach pear privet river red gum sycamore willow wisteria conjoined trees two trees may grow to their mature size adjacent to each other and seemingly grow together or conjoin , demonstrating the process of inosculation .
25	the economy of the village is basically agrarian , with the cultivation on its irrigated and unirrigated land of almond , cereal , pear , apple , olive , peach , etc. arbeca is situated in the north-northeast of les garrigues , near the comarques of pla d'urgell and urgell , and about 30 kilometers from lleida , the capital of the province of the same name .
7	the font is also apparently licensed to apple , who announced on october 16 , 2007 that their flagship operating system , mac os x v10.5 ( '' leopard '' ) , would be bundled with arial unicode .
23	the companies that make the platforms , such as microsoft , cisco , ibm , hewlett-packard , novell , google , oracle , apple , sap and salesforce.com encourage and lend support to isvs , often with special '' business partner '' programs .
13	in the eastern us , the gypsy moth prefers oaks , aspen , apple , sweetgum , speckled alder , basswood , gray , paper birch , poplar , willow , and hawthorns , amongst other species .
28	the president of sabre 's special projects , nellie bertram ( catherine tate ) begins to talk about the project , which encompasses creating a store to rival apple 's chain of stores , and dwight and packer start to compete to see who will become her vice president .
17	the charter members were composed of equipment vendors , independent producers , training professionals and members of apple 's iie computer group , sony 's smc-70 computer & interactive laser disc groups and pioneer 's interactive laserdisc groups .
4	with the lisa , apple introduced a desktop environment on an affordable personal computer , which also failed in the market .
20	these rely on media that are not owned by the data owner but by service provider such as google , apple , microsoft and facebook .
10	iframe logo iframe is a digital video format developed by apple .
0	apple and bunches of grape occur very frequently , other fruits less so .
18	alcatel ot-908s ot-918s ot-981a ot-990s ot-991 ot-995 one touch fierce one touch scribe x one touch scribe hd-lte apple iphone 5 , model a1428 manufactured after april 12 , 2013 iphone 5c , models a1436 and a1532 iphone 5s , models a1453 and a1533 ipad air , model a1475 ipad mini with retina display , model a1490 asus google nexus 7 padfone 2 google nexus 7 ( 2013 ) fonepad 7 blackberry q5 ( only sqr100-1 ) q10 ( only sqn100-5 ) z10 ( only stl-100-3 ( rfk121lw ) ) bold 9700 bold 9780 bold 9790 bold 9900 curve 9300 curve 9320 curve 9360 curve 9380 pearl 9100 torch 9810 torch 9860 many of the above listed blackberry devices have multiple versions , only one of each being aws compatible .
8	one of the first popular image editors was apple 's macpaint , companion to macdraw .
17	description alongside dried pears the filling also contains raisin , walnut and other dried fruit such as apple or figs .
46	jade has been featured in the new york times , the new york post , the los angeles times , the sydney morning herald , glamour , allure , mac life , mac world uk , marie claire uk and multiple other international fashion magazines and apple culture magazines .
2	he loves apple and is allergic to cherries .
18	competition in the global mobile advertising market , inmobi primarily competes against google 's admob millennial media and apple 's iad .
6	several witnesses reported that hundreds of apple seemingly fell out of the sky landing on the ground , and several cars , below .
35	wildfire has also been cited as '' a really early version of siri mostly geared for business execs '' and similarities have also been drawn between wildfire 's relaxed conversational style and that of the apple assistant .
19	cherokee nation members joseph l. erb , roy boney , jr . , and thomas jeff edwards worked with apple to bring official cherokee language support to the iphone and ipod touch in ios 4.1 ( released september 8 , 2010 ) and for the ipad with ios 4.2.1 , which was released on november 22 , 2010 .
7	the village is also famous for its apple and other fruit , and for its many forests such as pine tree and oak tree which are well known in lebanon .
13	in 2012 , mixvibes expanded their cross software range to cover nearly all apple devices .
18	iphoto can not be purchased separately , but is part of the ilife suite which is available from apple for 10.49 gbp .
12	he currently resides in san jose , california as a designer at apple , with his wife , lisa walter , and their three daughters , adrienne , cameron and deirdre .
19	the current brick building has stood ever since , supported at some times through the sale of grass and apple from the church 's orchard in 1901 the parsonage was replaced with a new manse next to the church , which was itself expanded in 1920 and 1949 with wings consistent with its existing colonial stylings .
13	from 1987 to 1991 , he worked in the business development group at apple .
24	film production rodriguez was the executive producer of the biographical film jobs , directed by joshua michael stern and based on the life of apple co-founder , steve jobs .
15	iphoto does not , however , provide the comprehensive editing functionality of programs such as apple 's own aperture , or adobe 's photoshop ( not to be confused with photoshop elements or album ) , or gimp .
21	dr. arnold kim ( often referred to as '' arn '' online ) is the owner of macrumors , a popular apple rumors website .
17	history z-maestro development began in 2006 in an attempt to introduce a product that could compete with apple garageband for ease of use and professional products like fl studio and logic pro for features .
6	the caterpillar 's food plants include apple , pear , plum , willow , hornbeam , lime and oak .
14	in iran , the word used is سیب ( saib ) , meaning '' apple .
5	in early february 2006 , apple confirmed reports of video display problems on the new intel-based imacs .
11	the first game , blast billiards touch , was approved by apple in december 2009 .
21	hardware since version 3.13 rockbox enables opus playback on supported portable media players , including products from the ipod series by apple , devices made by iriver , archos and sandisk , and on android devices using '' rockbox as an application '' ( raaa ) .
22	supported languages international versions according to sources from brazilian site techguru , nuance communications has delivered the final version in portuguese to apple .
0	apple , google , ibm , mcdonald's , and microsoft are the world 's five most valuable brands in an index published by millward brown .
4	tekserve , a vast apple computer repair shop , serves nearby silicon alley and the area 's large creative community .
0	apple have the highest chilling requirements of all fruit trees , followed by apricot and , lastly , peach .
21	implementation the mac os x 10.8.5 system preferences dialog , non-scaled ( left ) and scaled ( right ) os x apple has included some support for resolution independence in earlier versions of os x ( formerly mac os x ) , which could be demonstrated with the developer tools quartz debug that included a feature allowing the user to scale the interface .
10	plant foods eaten by the beech marten include cherries , apple , pear , plum , black nightshade , tomato , grape , raspberries and mountain ash .
0	apple in reference to their quicktime media player employed the term fast start in 1997 , to describe what was commercially referred to as progressive download playback of encoded digital media content .
15	other common ingredients are additional grated or chopped fresh fruit ( e.g. , banana , apple , berries , grape , mango ) , dried fruit , milk products ( e.g. , fresh milk , yogurt , cream , condensed milk , fromage frais , quark , cottage cheese , or nondairy milk substitutes ) , lemon juice , ground nut , seeds , spices ( especially cinnamon ) , honey and muesli mix .
6	on september 18 , 2002 , apple bundled a similar program , sherlock 3 , with mac os x v10.2 .
2	pear , apple , grape , oranges , mandarin orange , nectarine , mespila , blackberries , cherries , strawberries , figs , watermelon , melon , avocado , citrus , lemon , pistachio , almond , chestnut , walnut , hazelnut are some of the commonest of the fruits and nuts .
9	also , vim is shipped with every copy of apple os x .
9	aqua is the gui and primary visual theme of apple 's os x operating system .
6	rambo is the name of two apple varieties .
6	terhune also makes fruit wine from apple , blueberries , and peach .
7	he has contributed numerous articles to the apple developers connection , computer arts magazine , and macworld magazine as well as appearing on techtv 's the screen savers .
14	- black cherry ( m , we , wo ) pyrus malus l. - apple ( m , we ) rosa carolina l. - pasture rose ( we ) rosa multiflora thunb .
3	inc. , led apple 's powerbook division to profitability and served as chief executive officer and president of borland software corporation .
32	crops which support aphid populations include wheat , sorghum , sweet corn , alfalfa , soybean , pea , bean , cotton , potato , brassica crops , tomato , asparagus and apple .
36	microsoft security essentials microsoft .net framework 4.0 microsoft silverlight runtime for ie adobe flash player 10.2 and acrobat reader for reading pdf files exopc gui layer store specific applications an application library , similar to the apple app store or the android market is available for the device , accessible through the exopc ui .
3	notable stores include apple , aldo , swarovski , express , claire's , crate & barrel , pottery barn , and red door spa .
27	this approach has been utilised by both operators and device manufacturers , for example i-mode ( ntt docomo ) , blackberry ( rim ) and iphone ( apple ) .
3	swayze created the apple known as the swayze pomme gris .
11	mobile in april 2013 , udemy was first offered as an apple ios app , allowing students to take classes directly from smartphones ; the android version was launched in january 2014 .
16	jeff barnes jeffrey '' jeff '' barnes is a member of the nerd herd specializing in apple products .
29	the ripe fruit are edible but may be fairly tart , and taste like a giant cranberry , though some species have fruity flavors with overtones of strawberry or apple .
35	in klayman ii , the plaintiffs sued the same government defendants and in addition , facebook , yahoo! , google , microsoft , youtube , aol , paltalk , skype , sprint , at&t , apple again alleging the bulk metadata collection violates the first , fourth and fifth amendment and constitutes divulgence of communication records in violation of section 2702 of stored communications act .
17	kodak sold many of its patents for approximately $ 525,000,000 to a group of companies ( including apple , google , facebook , amazon , microsoft , samsung , adobe systems and htc ) under the name intellectual ventures and rpx corporation .
16	thus in many sub counties there are successful farmers engaged in the production of grape , apple , pear and peach .
25	wine is produced by fermentation of the natural sugars present in grapes ; cider and perry are produced by similar fermentation of natural sugar in apple and pear , respectively ; and other fruit wine are produced from the fermentation of the sugars in and other kinds of fruit .
32	prism gathers communications data on foreign targets from nine major u.s. internet-based communication service providers : microsoft , yahoo , google , facebook , paltalk , aol , skype , youtube and apple .
5	the melons , grapes , apple , quince , and pear of uzbekistan are well known for their quality .
23	notebooks with this feature include the dell studio and latitude series , some hp elitebooks and some hp envy models , and the apple macbook pro and macbook air .
10	zoomsystems has partnered with companies such as best buy , apple , macy's , proactiv solution , procter & gamble and max wellness .
6	cox 's orange pippin is an apple cultivar first grown in 1830 , at colnbrook in buckinghamshire , england , by the retired brewer and horticulturist richard cox .
21	susan kare ( born 1954 ) is an artist and graphic designer who created many of the interface elements for the apple macintosh in the 1980s .
7	another important activity is the production of apple , pear , peach and others , specially in the alto valle area , shared with río negro .
8	the company 's most profitable products on the apple 's app store and include '' chop chop ninja '' , '' chop chop runner '' , '' chop chop tennis '' and '' chop chop caveman '' .
27	while meat was the main component of the upper-class diet , they occasionally took vegetables such as turnip , carrot , and radish and fruit such as apple , plum , and woodland strawberries .
12	commercial use the song 's title comes from the norwegian word for apple .
7	both seasons are available for download from apple 's itunes store .
5	hector barbossa is fond of apple , which appear throughout the first film .
20	as watchespn on april 7 , 2011 , espn released a mobile app called watchespn on the app store for apple devices , using the same subscriber authentication functionality to allow access to simulcasts of the available espn channels on the service via the iphone , ipad and ipod touch ; the app was released on the android market ( now google play ) on may 9 , 2011 .
10	hypermeganet ug claims it is acting within the law because apple 's eula -- that forbids installation of mac os x on non-apple branded computers -- only applies if it can be seen before purchase , according to german law .
16	in 2009 , costa systems created the '' ileslie '' iphone application , sold by the apple itunes app store .
4	notable merchants companies like apple , target , barnes & noble , qdoba , fuddruckers , walmart , reebok , sephora , the north face , toshiba , puma , drugstore.com , adidas and pacsun offer student discounts via edhance .
17	it has a website and separate digital editions configured for both the ios operating system for the apple ipad and the android operating system for such devices as the google nexus , all of which offer video clips , extra features and multimedia and other material not found in the printed version of the newspaper .
11	the m4v file format is a video container format developed by apple and is very similar to the mp4 format .
9	'' malling series '' is the name of famous apple rootstock .
10	beal also composed and produced the music for commercials from apple , nasdaq , ben & jerry 's , amgen , dr. pepper and many other major advertisers .
4	morels growing in old apple orchard that had been treated with the insecticide lead arsenate may accumulate levels of toxic lead and arsenic that are unhealthy for human consumption .
23	on november 2 , 2010 , wolo became the first television station in columbia to stream live newscasts and breaking news coverage on apple ios devices .
16	products using the internet printing protocol include , among others , cups which is part of apple mac os x and many bsd and linux distributions and is the reference implementation for ipp/2 .0 and ipp/2 .1 , novell iprint , and microsoft windows , starting with ms windows 2000 .
8	the province produces almost 70 % of the apple and pear of the country , most it for exportation with 38 % of it as fresh fruit and 40 % as juice concentrate , through the port of san antonio oeste .
20	the website is only open to students and leverages discounts offered through partners such as percentage savings at sites like apple , microsoft , best buy , and groupon .
25	grant has presented for leaders at organizations such as google , the nfl , merck , pixar , goldman sachs , facebook , microsoft , apple , the united nations , the world economic forum , and the us army , the us navy , and the us air force .
32	in 1980 , motorola 's next generation 32-bit microprocessor , the mc68000 , led the wave of technologies that spurred the computing revolution in 1984 , powering devices from companies such as apple , commodore , atari , sun , and hewlett packard .
14	devices shazam is also a free or low-cost application for some android devices , apple iphone , blackberry devices , nokia smartphones , windows phone devices , and most sony ericsson phones ( not to be confused with sony ericsson 's own trackid , which is a similar application ) .
3	agricultural products include apple , banana , barley , beans , cacao , coffee , maize , oat , peach , plantain , potato , rice , sugarcane and wheat .
8	' sekai ichi ' is a cultivar of apple first released from japan in 1974 .
49	of the berries that have been found are raspberry ( rubus idaeus ) , dewberry ( rubus caesius ) , wild strawberry , and the somewhat less palatable dogwood ( cornus sanguinea ) , hawthorn ( crataegus monogyna and oxyacantha ) , rowanberry ( sorbus aucuparia ) , crab apple and rose hips .
26	battery production and distribution joint-venture coda has a global joint-venture with lishen power battery , a global battery cell supplier to samsung , motorola , and apple , for the design , manufacture , and sale of battery systems called lio energy systems .
14	the corporations jetta has analyzed include family dollar , dollar tree , walmart , apple , kmart , jcpenney , and sears .